
Jamal, Salim and Latika, three abnormally cute little kids, live in the Dharavi slums of India. Jamal is a dreamer, proud of his signed photograph of Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan. Salim's a pragmatist. He sells Jamal's picture - the photo epitomizing Jamal's fantasies of upward mobility - for money. Latika sits between them. She's the female trophy who exists to either be corrupted by Salim or saved from the slums by Jamal's undying love.Directed by Danny Boyle, "Slumdog Millionaire" tells a familiar "rags to riches" tale. Its first act consists of several brief anecdotes, Boyle fetishizing the Dharavi slums, portraying poverty as a carnival of colours and soul-deadening action. Shot with the same over-saturation and hand-held work that made the slums of "City of God" and "The Constant Gardener" problematic, Boyle treats poverty as a MTV video.Of course it's not all fun and games. Mothers die, eyes are gorged out and child traffickers run rampant, but the film glosses over such matters, using them instead for tactical shocks and easy jolts. The reason these scenes, despite their inherent darkness, seem so trite, is because Boyle tries to have it both ways. "Millionaire", regardless of its social probing, is essentially a fantasy. It's a Cinderella story, our heroes rising above the slums by the sheer force of love and destiny, brought together on the set of a television game show, the power of pop culture lifting their dirty bodies from the filth and grime of Dharavi.We're expected to believe that children are harvested and abused, yet we're also expected to believe in magical happy endings where everything works out. Boyle wants the gravitas of a child watching his mother murdered, but he also wants the expired movie clichés central to a Disney love story.Toward the end of the film, a gangster cuts Latika's face with a knife. The resultant scar epitomizes "Millionaire". On the surface, we think we're looking at something "real", something "violent". But look closer and see how carefully placed and artfully directed that scar is. It's a single clean cut, perfectly framing the actress's face. It's not an ugly scar. It doesn't protrude or ruin her symmetry. In no way does it obscure her beauty. So while the initial impression is one of shock or even sympathy, the fraud is that it's carefully designed to be pretty. To be easy on the eyes and head. Contrast this with the Indian kids in 2004's "Red Light Kids" or with how the prostitutes are treated in "Unforgiven". It's not pretty when a woman is cut up. Boyle's film is one where he's not being honest about the situation, and the responsibility is on the audience not to think twice. Worse still is the film's reliance on destiny. What engenders Boyle's happy ending is the underdog's pure heroism, an egotistical lottery mentality, a belief in destiny, and the prodigal brother's heroic martyrdom. Indeed, Salim exists solely to do the dirty work of killing the bad guys so as not to interfere with the moral purity of Jamal. At the same time, it's hard to believe that anything really matters when everything in the film is simply working according to destiny. Apparently it's destined that all the other slum dwellers (who can't get onto a TV game show) continue to live a life of poverty.The film ends with all of rural India celebrating Jamal's victory as though it were their own triumph. The fact that "one of their own" has become rich elicits an outburst of joy. And this is the film's ideology: anybody can rise out of misery, if they are pure of heart and chosen by fate. Jamal is plucked arbitrarily out of the masses as a symbol. He is a celebration of the culture of the dice, the casino, the lucky ticket.And so the film ends with a "happily ever after". Our boy and girl embrace before the film erupts into a happy song and dance routine. It's all quite silly. But perhaps Danny Boyle is being ironic, deconstructing the fantasy image and poking fun at Bollywood's avoidance of truth? Or am I watching too much Altman? With this view mind, I gave the film another look. How straight is Boyle playing things? Consider this: the film travels from the "reality" of poverty to the artificial world of TV sets, Bollywood shenanigans and big money. The narrative then self-destructs, essentially becoming a thoughtless Bollywood dance movie. Brilliant still, the film ends with the line "D: It is written", an allusion to fate, but also implying perhaps that the story is itself fabricated, a screenplay and so profoundly false. Better yet, the entire film is told from the point of view of Jamal, who we know is an imaginative boy and fan of movies. Is it possible that Jamal, like Spacey in "The Usual Suspects", has just narrated a cosy lie to us solely to avoid being punished by the police? After all, Jamal is a known con artist and the plot is too unbelievable, too manufactured, to be true. The characters are too cardboard, too stereotype, too comic book. The love story is too insensible and contrived. Is it possible that Jamal has scammed the quiz program and that the film is a scam on the audience? But no, Boyle does not seem to go down this route. There's no irony here, no questioning of artificiality, and little inclination that Boyle believes his picture to be anything more than a straight fantasy. A better filmmaker would have probed deeper, undermining the carefully manufactured Bollywood image, but Boyle seems content with his happily ever after.6/10 – See "Salaam Bombay!", "Los Olividados", "Land of Plenty and "Wendy and Lucy".

I also saw this film at to Toronto Film Festival. The audience gave it  a well deserved standing ovation. This story is told seamlessly. The  revealing look into the Mumbai slum is just one of the beautiful and  terrifying story lines. The use of flashbacks to tell the story took  you on a journey in time and culture. They used three sets of actors of  three different ages to move the story. The use of the youngest actors  (actually slum kids from Mumbai) stole the show. These kids were  incredible showing both the beauty and the horrors of growing up in Bombay. And that's not to take away from the amazing  performances of Freida, Dev, and the actor playing the older Saleem.  There performances moved many to tears. See this movie it won't  disappoint!

There has already been some talk coming from Telluride that this film is set to be this year's 'Juno.' It does have the same distributor and it is set for the same release period, and for anyone who hears this buzz, they will definitely not be disappointed.During the premiere of the final cut (in the words of director Danny Boyle) at the Toronto International Film Festival, the audience gave the film an incredibly enthusiastic response, and it went on to win the People's Choice Award. Boyle, who is somewhat like a British Richard Linklater for yet again surprising the audience with such diverse subject matter, worked his magic. He transcended genres and created a truly unique and energetic picture.Just about every aspect of this film deserves merit, and above all it belongs to Boyle, who managed to assemble such a massive achievement. The score by A.R. Rahman, with contributions from M.I.A., perfectly accompanies the action on screen. Still, it is great enough to be listened to on its own. With India as a backdrop, Boyle and his cinematographer have composed some remarkable images. The acting is roundly impressive, especially coming from the younger cast, almost all of which has never acted before.The film begins as Jamal (Skins' Dev Patel) is under interrogation by Mumbai police for cheating on India's version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire, being only one question away from winning it all. As the inspector says, even doctors and lawyers cannot come close to the 20m rupee prize, and so Jamal, having grown up on the streets of Mumbai, cannot possibly know these things. As Jamal tries to avoid further torture, he begins to explain to the police how he knew each of the answers. Flashbacks present Jamal's boyhood and explain how he got to the show.At the centre of his journey is his brother, Salim, and a girl, Latika, who is left a homeless orphan after an attack that took Jamal's mother as well. After running from a man who exploits the trio for labour, Jamal replays the incident when Latika left his life when she was unable to catch a moving train. His uncertainty of her fate on the streets of Mumbai and his intense desire to see his first and only love again lead him to the interrogation room where the film began.Like 'Juno,' Slumdog Millionaire is by genre a comedic drama, but it becomes much more. The film asks questions about fate, righteousness, greed, and even urban sprawl. Above all, however, it asks about love in the face of the most dire obstacles, and if it can truly prosper. Jamal's story is a tragic and unfortunate one, but as seen through his eyes, it is still beautiful. The vast colour palate of India overwhelm any negative feelings, and Jamal's hope of finding and being with Latika overwhelm despair. For Jamal, 20m rupees isn't his prize. It would be nearly impossible for there to be a better picture this year.

Danny Boyle has been a favorite of mine since I saw Shallow Grave, since then he's gone on to make three masterpieces(Trainspotting,28 Days Later and Millions), a near perfect film(Sunshine) a guilty pleasure(The Beach) and a total miss(A Life Less Ordinary). Slumdog Millionaire comes out of nowhere and it could very well be his best film and one of the best films of the decade. Visually like Boyles previous work it's stunning, Apocalypse Now and City of God come to mind and there are dutch angles galore. The raw style mixed with the amazing locations make this film one of the most cinematic experiences you'll ever see. The Sound is perfect, I haven't heard audio like this in a while. This film needs a Sound Oscar nomination, it sounds that good. I went into seeing this knowing very little about it and the person I took with me didn't know anything about it, so I'll just say it's about a young man that goes on Indias Who Wants to be a Millionaire, it's a very unconventional film where they tell the story of his life in flashbacks while he plays the game. It's funny, sad, thrilling, basically a very enjoyable film that deserves numerous Oscar nominations. Also the lead actress is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen, if she isn't a huge star after this I'd be extremely surprised. If the academy doesn't honor this film with numerous nominations it will be a shame but this film will be studied in 20 years and whoever sees this will love it, so even if it doesn't get a single nomination it won't matter. Don't miss this film, it's perfect!

Danny Boyle has come up with some interesting cinema, certainly defining himself as someone above average. What he achieves in "Slumdog Millionaire" is transcend the line between inspiration and a miracle, awakening an emotional connection to the very special element great cinema can deliver. The packages might have changed, and the contents are more controversial and maybe a bit more tied to reality, certainly taking us to an exotic local, teaching us that our world extends beyond our freeway and limited perception of how more than the other half of the world's population has to deal without certainly preaching to us.The tale of two brothers' lives is told to us through episodic flashbacks tied to an episode of India's "Who Wants to be a millionaire?". At first, the story introduces one of the brothers as being the subject of a very strong interrogation to find out whether he is being truthful about some knowledge that might be relevant to the game. As he answers the questions, we discover that this young man's life story might be more interesting than we originally expected.There is an element of freshness in the way the story is presented, as we accompany Jamal through his life odyssey from a young child in the slums to a man who is determined to save those he loves. There are some strong emotions in the film, and Boyle's direction keeps the film dynamic and engaging.Prepare yourself to be overtaken by emotions as varied as joy, pity, happiness, anger, revulsion, surprise, and an exhilarating conclusion rarely seen in movies anymore. This film has made me grateful to be alive and that we still have people in cinema like Boyle who understands the power and beauty of the medium. He knows that the perfect mix of a great story and the respective imagery can provoke unforgettable memories in its audience.

I just saw this at the Savannah Film Festival (on Friday October 31st, 2008), held by the Savannah College Of Art and Design (SCAD) and as soon as the credits started rolling for this movie the first word that came out of my mouth was "WOW!!!" This movie is easily one of the best of 2008, I honestly don't know how the people have given this movie a average rating of 7 here on IMDb. This movie is the heart wrenching tale of a person who has everything he ever loved taken away from him, only to try with everything that he has to regain his true love and gain more than he could ever hope. It is preformed and put together in such a way that it forgets and bypasses every love story cliché. The movie starts out a little confusing but is very quickly sorted out and understood. Danny Boyle has made a film that inspires and encourages people of all ages.To summarize the deep and perfectly delivered message of this movie; you don't have to be a genius to know the answers in life, sometimes life is just written(whether you call it fate or destiny). This movie I'm sure will find its place amongst the great love movie's like "The Princess Bride", "Casablanca", and "Titanic". Some people I know have problems over the fact that this movie takes place in India, but if you just for one moment let go of that and watch this movie you will instantly find out just how amazing this movie is.Even though I am writing this review now in November, I hope that you will read this review when the film comes out officially in January and go out and see it. BECAUSE WHETHER YOU GO INTO THAT THEATER ALONE; WITHOUT A GIRLFRIEND OR NOT, YOU WILL WALK OUT OF THAT THEATER INSPIRED, ENCOURAGED, HOPEFUL, BUT MOST OF ALL IN LOVE WITH THIS FILM.For my closing statement I need to mention that recently this film got an undeserving "R" rating, but this is one movie you should not be ashamed to have your parents take you to see. And is the perfect movie to take a loved one to.

Scenes of poverty and squalour may appear romantic to Westerners and to our snooty elite but for ordinary Indians they are nothing new. They are an everyday reality. However, one wonders what sort of mind can find such images aesthetically pleasing. Party-hopping socialites (for example, Shobhaa De after all her bombast of "enough is enough" after the Mumbai attack, went and watched a pirated copy!) who are distanced from such reality may find this film an "eye-opener" but for us it IS just poverty-porn. Leaving that aside, I have eight other objections to the film. 1) The director seems to RELISH showing violence. Some of it (like the police-torture) is quite needless. And why was the boy arrested in the first place? On what charge? Was it realistic? 2) How can a boy growing up in slums speak such accented English? Even if one assumes that the language he actually uses to communicate with the game-show host and the police officer is Hindi (granting the director the creative license to use a language better suited for international audiences), there are 2 instances where it is stretched too far: (a) when the boy becomes a 'guide' for foreign tourists at the Taj Mahal & (b) when he becomes a substitute-operator at the call-centre. 3) When the boy uses his 'lifeline' during the game-show, his friend discovers that she has forgotten her mobile and has to run back for it. This is plain Bollywood masala! Did the director HAVE to make it so melodramatic? 4) How did the boy know who invented the revolver just by watching his brother use it? How does his friend know about Benjamin Franklin? 5) "Darshan Do Ghanshyam" is NOT written by Surdas. It is written by Gopal Singh Nepali for the movie Narsi Bhagat (1957). This song is also credited as traditional and originally written by 15th century poet Narsi Mehta, whose life that film is based on. 6) After winning the game-show, the boy sits on the railway platform and nobody recognizes him! Considering the popularity of the show, is that realistic? 7) Two glaring omissions: To qualify for the show one has to answer several GK questions over phone or Internet. Even after making it to the show, a contestant can reach the hot-seat, only after "fastest finger first". All this is conveniently forgotten in the film. 8) And of course the greatest flaw in the storyline: programmes like 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' and 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire' are NOT telecast live. As a result the entire structure of the film becomes unrealistic. For a film that boasts of being realistic such a flaw cannot be overlooked.Anyone else wants to say this is a g-r-e-a-t film despite all these flaws?

to those non-Indians and the conformist Indians here's a little bit of perspective...when i write what i have to say some of you may think that I've been hurt by the negative depiction of Mumbai... well, not at all, actually i was hoping for a more gritty, realistic, up-close depiction rather than a 'long-shot' impersonal superficial one...slum-dog millionaire is not a great film, slum-dog millionaire is not a good film. it's an OK film.first the good things... cinematography is edgy and mind-blowing... editing is razor sharp... sound design is amazing...but,it is very hard to digest slum kids talking in English, harder still to digest is their (kind of) fake UK accent. also the cops speaking in English, the local mafia speaking in English...the acting (in Hindi) of Salim and Jamaal though over-the-top, is passable. but once they grow up and start speaking in English, it's pathetic.the story which is basically a love story between Jamaal and Latika is lost in the gimmicky impersonal screenplay and you don't connect... actually you don't connect with any character and not because the characters are dark but because neither the lines nor the acting are good. and Danny Boyle knows this and that's why the long-shots and the silhouettes and the characters-in-dark treatment to the film. Dev Patel has only one expression on his face when he is on the 'chair'. Anil Kapoor is irritatingly snobbish, Mahesh Manjrekar is irritating, Freida pinto is irritating... Irrfan Khan and Saurabh Shukla are passable...Rehman's music is a mix of few average tunes from the great A. R. Rehman library. he's given great music, absolutely great music in infinite Hindi, Tamil films... so if he gets the Oscar, it'll be for his great compositions over the years and not for the average 'slum-dog..' album. ditto for the lyrics of Gulzar...the main problem in the film is the lack of emotional attachment one feels with the film... i mean when Salim suddenly changes his heart or when he dies in the bath-tub filled with currency, we don't feel anything... when Jamaal finally gets Latika, we don't feel anything... when Salim kills Maman, we don't feel anything... when the film ends we don't feel anything (except irritation)...the film is an amazingly shot and stylishly edited set of gimmicks which have been forcibly interwoven in to a very convenient story...but when the world says that it's brilliant cinema, who am i to say anything... and if the world enjoys the irritating yet laughable ( a bad wannabe Bollywood) song and dance sequence in the end, who am i to say anything...

The editing, digital cinematography, and Danny Boyle's direction (with co-director Loveleen Tandan) create a fascinating aesthetic which is perfect for the material. However, barely anyone (among the vast minority of people and critics who didn't care for this massively acclaimed film) is complaining about the film's technical virtues however, so how about all that contrived, sappy melodrama? To my surprise, "Slumdog Millionaire" is very tasteful in almost every respect. The romance scenes are either beautifully understated (most of the scenes with them as children/young teenagers, and a couple after that) or fantasy melodrama like much of the stuff near the end of the film (although the actual final pre-credit shot itself is again, a tender and beautiful moment). I have no issues with the fantasy melodrama however, because most of the film is done in that tone. Even the very realistic and brutally true-to-life scenes involving the raids of Muslim sections of the slums by Hindus, and the luring of children to a life of begging on the streets (for gangsters and criminals) in exchange for accommodation and food are done in a manner that is both tastefully evocative of reality while fitting in tone with much of the rest of the film, which has a more hopeful tone. It sounds improbable, but that's what the screenwriter and director(s) achieve here. The film doesn't strive for 'gritty realism', but everything in the film (yes, everything) is perfectly evocative of reality. The trouble with 'gritty realism' is that it often is gritty and hopeless in a way life rarely is to most of us, and is actually laughable if done wrong. Jamal's flashbacks to the begging end in misery, but before that we get the happiness and relief of slum life that these children felt. The raid is unrelentingly horrifying, but it is a haunting memory rather than something the film dwells on without stopping. The film also gives us scenes of comedic escapism which are still within the realm of plausibility as well. If you don't know the general plot by now, here it is: Jamal is a boy from the slums of Mumbai who has reached the final question on "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" against all odds. The film, through a plot device I won't reveal even though it's only a mild spoiler, reveals the sources of Jamal's knowledge of the answers to each question (except for the ones he doesn't know and guesses at/uses the lifelines for) through flashbacks to him throughout his childhood and teenage years. Here enter the accusations of the film's supposedly 'hilarious', 'impossible', and 'dumb' contrivances. There's no way a chai wala knows the answers to those questions, and it's too convenient that he happens to have experienced something suitable for all those answers. I beg to differ. With a life like Jamal's (which is, believe it or not, being led right now by many children in India) I should hope that he gained at least that much knowledge. He didn't actually know the answers to every question, and on a game of both luck and knowledge it's entirely plausible to me that Jamal's game could actually happen. The only huge contrivance is the nature of the very last question and what happens when it's asked, but by then the movie had me in its grasp and the ploy worked. The fact that every member of the cast is absolutely excellent, including the child actors, doesn't hurt either. It sounds odd, but "Slumdog Millionaire" seemed to me like it found a way to combine a realist look at India (and, according to the Indian person with whom I attended the film, it is absolutely spot-on in almost every regard, and certainly doesn't contradict anything I saw during my short visit to India) and a romantic melodrama. The end result, with the screenplay that combines the drama, comedy, and thriller genres to great effect, is both an aesthetic triumph, and unlikely as it sounds, a crowd-pleasing masterpiece. Also, the music is brilliant, both the original score by the legendary A.R. Rahman and the excellent choices made when it comes to the pop music included in the film (though that is to be expected from a Danny Boyle film). As for those moaning about the love story, perhaps you have not found that person yet, get back to me when you do.

An exhilarating realistic fairy tale that will make you feel like flying. I certainly felt it. Rewarding without being opportunistic. This tale of two orphan brothers in a slum of Bombay is a mixture of heart wrenching and uplifting emotions. I didn't know anything about the film other that what I just mentioned and that was part of the enjoyment so I won't talk about the film to allow you the same discovery I went through. Let me just say that this is Danny Boyle's best film and the cast of unknowns is truly extraordinary. The last few minutes of the film will have you on the edge of your seat hoping against hope that what "is written" is really written.

I'm honestly surprised about the recognition and buzz about this film throughout the world. And 10 Oscar nominations!! Man.! How are stupidity and ridiculousness instantly absorbed and appreciated by people without hesitation? OK. let me be pragmatic in my turning down this film as average.Most things about the film is clichéd. Every damn bad thing imaginable in India happens to the protagonist. But the protagonist overcomes them all. In a way, it confirms what many outside India think about India. People rolling in sh*t, dirty slums, caste based riots, begging, cheating, poverty, cunningness blah blah. All packed in one tight container name "Slumdog Millionaire". The only good souls in the movie are Jamal and Latika (and perhaps amitabh who generously signs autograph for a fan drenched in sh*t). We call this type of movies as "mas ala" in India. No logic. Lots of action. Fast paced screenplay. The protagonist finally smile along with his lady-love who does nothing essentially but just dances in a few songs. (Danny has satisfied even this criterion by making the duo dance with a suddenly formed gang in the railway station at the end of the movie) A typical bolly-Hollywood mas ala movie. A few questions.. How can a slumdog get the answers for every damn question from his life and win 2 crores of rupees? How can slum dogs speak such an excellent English to cheat the foreigners by impersonating themselves as guides? And did you notice their perfect slang?! Rupees is never mentioned in millions. Another attempt toplease the western audience rather than attempting to bring about the truth. Truth? damn! who needs it?! Why did Jamal reject the host's help? Why did the show host suddenly turn villainous? Why did Jamal's brother let Latika go at the last minute and get killed after ceremoniously killing the gang leader? My god! height of insanity.Certain parts of it are awesome without doubt. Music, screenplay, cinematography. The way the slum has been captured in the police- chasing-the-boys scene is really appreciable. A.R.Rahman is God. But these are nothing to justify the hero-worship the movie is getting. I'm not bothered about India being portrayed in this way by a foreigner. I just expected truth and naturalness which are greatly missing. 6 votes!

I won't see a better, more exhilarating movie this year than Danny Boyle's "Slumdog Millionaire." If Academy voters have any sense, they will nominate this for Best Picture and Best Director and then vote overwhelmingly for it for both awards.Boyle has taken what is essentially a story about a young man on India's version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" and transformed it into a gritty, realistic, powerful and, at times, gut-wrenching fairy tale. It's a Dickensian picture about a world rarely, if ever, seen in mainstream movies, a film that grabs us from the opening frame and doesn't let go until the credits roll at the end.This is why I love movies. Films like "Slumdog Millionaire" are rare. They are things of beauty, works of art that make me fall in love with movies all over again. Boyle has done it twice. First with "Millions" (2004), which also, coincidentally, was about a young boy and money; and now with "Slumdog Millionaire." This is Boyle's masterpiece - a stunningly original piece of film-making.Every once in a while there is a sleeper film, usually an independent movie, that comes along, takes everyone by surprise, then gets terrific word of mouth and becomes a huge success. "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" (2002), "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006) - though I did not care much for it - and "Juno" (2007) are such films. But, frankly, those films can't hold a candle to "Slumdog Millionaire."What might surprise many viewers is that a third of the dialogue is in Hindi. (And Boyle's placement of subtitles on the screen makes such good sense!) Please do not let that dissuade you from seeing this marvelous film. Do not let the R rating prevent you, either. What was the MPAA thinking? Honestly! There are far more offensive, vulgar and violent movies that are rated PG-13. "Slumdog Millionaire" should never have received an R rating. (This film should be mandatory viewing for young people, especially those in industrialized nations.) Simon Beaufoy's script was originally entirely in English, but Boyle's decision to have the Indian kids speak in Hindi, instead, is the right call. Having the children speaking in their native tongue makes perfect sense, especially because Boyle and Beaufoy depicts the realism of the kids' lives.That's what incredible about this film. Boyle and Beaufoy do not shy away from showing the squalor of Bombay. These kids live in deplorable conditions amid the grime, sewers and trash dumps of the slums. And, yet, thanks of Boyle true ingenuity, he creates uplifting and even humorous moments in the slums. There is one moment - and I shan't spoil it for anyone, but you will know it when you see it - that very well might be my favorite film moment in the last five years.Boyle doesn't do a thing wrong here. From his choice of actors to the music to his choice of colors, Boyle works his magic.The performances are uniformly good. Irrfan Khan finds the right balance between a tormentor and a quasi-father figure as the police officer. There's young Dev Patel as Jamal, playing with confidence, bringing a wonderful swagger to his role, as well as a sense of fear that we completely understand. Freida Pinto as the love interest is superb. And, of course, there are the three young 'uns. Perfectly cast, they actually make the film work. Their performances as Jamal, Salim and Latika are so utterly convincing that they completely draw us into the picture and make the jobs of the older actors playing them much easier."Slumdog Millionaire" is, I suppose, a dramatic comedy at heart. But it is also much more. It is a film about friendship, gratitude, love, betrayal, poverty and hope. It makes you laugh, weep and cheer as you can't help but marvel at Boyle's sheer genius.The film moves along at a breakneck pace, yet none of the cinematic flair - and there is plenty - seems superfluous. Everything Boyle does, including the Bollywood touches, makes sense. There's such a brilliantly kinetic energy to this film that it is impossible not to be enthralled by it.What Boyle has done is truly miraculous. He has turned a film about street life in Bombay into a visceral, genuine crowd-pleaser. And you will walk out of the movie theater feeling inspired and hopeful, knowing you've just seen something very special."Slumdog Millionaire" is not to be missed. It is the best movie of the year. And it is, without any doubt, one of the ten best films of the decade.

Slumdog Millionaire, the best film of 2008 by far, I saw this back in December after hearing a little bit about it on the net. I was so excited to see that it was playing at my local theater and I didn't hesitate to see it when it was released. There are a lot of people who are just asking why this film is so popular or loved, the reason why in my opinion is that it's just a happy film. We usually have a best picture winner that is depressing, but instead Slumdog Millionaire just lifts your spirits and makes you cry in joy. I couldn't believe how much I loved this film, after reading a summary on what it was about, I was just confused and wondering if this film was really going to be good. But we have these unknown young actors: Dev Peitel, Freida Pinto and Madhur Mittal who pull in heart wrenching performances and you can't help but love their characters and just keep rooting for them. All in all, this film is a love story. Most film lovers fear those words after Titanic because everyone thought it to be a predictable puppy love story, this love story however is made in strength and faith and you can't help but keep wanting Jamal and Latika to be together. Even though I saw the film a while back, I still remember it like I saw it yesterday.A title card is presented: "Jamal Malik is one question away from winning 20 million rupees. How did he do it? A) He cheated, B) He's lucky, C) He's a genius, D) It is written." Jamal is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? hosted by Prem Kumar in which he was on the show and won 20,000,000 rupees (about US$500,000). Jamal then explains that, while at least the question about Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan was very simple, he knew the answers of most questions by chance, because of things that happened in his life. This is conveyed in a series of flashbacks documenting the details of his childhood. This includes scenes of him obtaining Bachchan's autograph, the death of his mother during the Hindu anti-Muslim violence, rekindling the memory of the 1993 anti-Muslim attacks in Mumbai by Hindu nationalists in the slums, and how he and his brother Salim befriend Latika. The children are eventually discovered by Maman while they live in the trash heaps. Maman is a gangster who "collects" street children so that he can ultimately train them to beg for money. Salim is groomed to become a part of Maman's operation and is asked to bring Jamal to Maman in order to be blinded. Salim protects his brother, and the three children try to escape; but only Salim and Jamal are able to do so. Latika is re-captured by Maman's organization and raised as a culturally talented prostitute whose virginity will fetch a high price. The brothers eke out a living, traveling on top of trains, selling goods, pretending to be tour guides at the Taj Mahal, and picking pockets. Jamal eventually insists that they return to Mumbai since he wishes to locate Latika. When he finds her working as a dancer in a brothel, the brothers attempt to rescue her, but Maman intrudes, and in the resulting conflict Salim draws a gun and kills Maman. Salim then uses the fact that he killed Maman to obtain a job with Javed a rival crime lord. Salim claims Latika as his own and when Jamal protests, Salim threatens to kill him and Latika intervenes, accepting her fate with Salim. Years later, Jamal has a position at a call center. When he is asked to cover for a co-worker for a couple of minutes, he searches the database for Salim and Latika. He gets in touch with Salim, who has become a high-ranking lieutenant in Javed's organization. Jamal confronts a regretful Salim on tense terms. Salim invites Jamal to live with him and after following Salem, he sees Latika living there. He talks his way in as the new chef and tries to convince Latika to leave. She tries to discourage him, but on the first day that Jamal waits at the train station, Latika attempts to escape with him, but is recaptured by Salim and Javed's men. One of the men then slashes her cheek with a knife, scarring her as Salim drives off, leaving Jamal with the onlooking crowd. Jamal again loses contact with Latika when Javed moves to another house. In another attempt to find Latika, Jamal tries out for the popular game show because he knows that she will be watching.I cannot wait for this movie to be released on DVD, it's a terrific uplifting movie that just captures your heart and makes you feel good. I couldn't believe that people were just complaining about the ending dance sequence, it was a TERRIFIC way to end it, to see everything that Jamal went through and that dance just makes you feel happy because you can tell the joy of him having his Latika in his arms. It was a beautiful ending and makes you extremely joyful. The story is brutal, funny, sad, original and beautiful. Danny Boyle, I knew that this director had something special when he made the horror film 28 Days Later, but who knew he could pull of such an uplifting beautifully made film? He picked the perfect actors, made the film wonderfully, and the whole crew seemed to enjoy making this together. Who wouldn't? It was a pleasure to watch on the screen and if you haven't seen this film in the theater, buy it when it comes on DVD, it's one of the most terrific experiences I've had watching a film. We haven't had a film like Slumdog Millionaire and it's one of my new favorite films of all time.10/10

I accept that I saw this film post-hype. It was never going to be the Citizen Kane that people seem to think it is. But cripes, it was fluff! Not only fluff, but cold fluff: while something like Mamma Mia can draw you in with its silliness and generous humour, I felt nothing but boredom at Dev Patel's constant grump. I didn't want him to get the girl.And, for all the talk about it being a 'love story against all the odds', the odds are so disparate as to be totally random! If you're going to write a fable, at least make your symbols coherent: is he fighting against discrimination because of his background? Is he fighting against people who use him? Or is he just fighting against his brother, who for some unknown reason is a really bad apple? (on that last point, this really annoyed me: i really don't buy his brother! If we agree its a moral fable, then what on earth does he represent?) Another massive problem with the film is the total lack of character development. So Dev Patel wants this girl... er, OK, why is this? It just seems to be a given. Can you imagine them having a happy life after the film? Can you imagine any of the characters doing ANYTHING outside the bubble of this plot? Can you say anything meaningful about the characters in the film that don't revolve around plot necessitudes? No? Well, maybe that's because these characters are about as undeveloped as your average goldfish.Basically, I accept that people will say that Slumdog isn't a heavyweight film; its a bit of romantic nonsense in an economic climate when we all need cheering up. OK then: watch Forrest Gump or Mamma Mia. Because they're far more warm and generous than this anti-social, individualistic film. The icing on the cake came at the climax of the film, when all the people of Mumbai watch Dev Patel win the show. Where did this community theme come from in a film which is ostensibly about this one kid fighting everyone else? Perhaps Boyle thought the only way to sell a film about India was to make it with lots of anonymous happy smiling people doing a dance. How very dated.

*May contain spoilers*Granted, the cinematography is decent and the story concept involving the game show is a little different from the usual fare, but the movie is hugely over-rated. It is not quite as "excellent" as critics and movie-goers have been raving about. It is comparable to any Bollywood movie, really. Childhood friendship develops into love and the lovers are separated time and again by villains. Benegal, Ray and such other Indian directors have been making much better movies for decades but have received very little acclaim in the West for their work. With an American director delving into an Indian story, however, this story now deserves an Oscar. Wonderful!Boyle should restrict himself to zombie movies.

This is an extraordinary film. From the original concept of the novel on which it is based (Q&A by Vikas Swarup), the screenplay by Simon Beaufoy (Full Monty) but especially the masterful creation and direction of the film by Danny Boyle. From the opening moments until the final scene, the audience was fully engaged. I was completely lost in the world that Danny Boyle created. This is not a story that has been told and retold, hashed and rehashed. It is fresh and engaging - all at once quickly moving, romantic, violent, culturally insightful, desperate and slightly fantastic. There are some comic elements to the film but to describe it as a "comedy" seems inappropriate. The film was shot on location in India, mostly in Mumbai. Slumdog Millionaire is yet another testament to depth and range of Boyle's artistic talent who has directed such diverse films as Shallow Grave, Trainspotting, 28 Days Later and Sunshine.I saw the film on at the 2008 Telluride Film Festival as a "sneak preview." The film was introduced by Boyle who said that the official opening of the film would be the next weekend at the Toronto Film Festival. He also said that there may be some final tweaking of the film prior to Toronto.In the discussion after the film Boyle strongly recommended three Indian made films: Satya, Company and Black Friday. He described each as superb. Boyle also stated that a portion of the Slumdog Millionaire was shot with a Canon EOS still camera, especially around the Taj Mahal, rather than a proper movie camera which creates unwanted attention while filming at popular tourist locations in India.8.2

After seeing this movie, I think members of the Oscars should be arrested and interrogated for suspicion of fraud. As others have pointed out, this film is part of a continuing trend of the Oscars trying to shove mediocre movies down our throats. It is as though the intentions of this movie were good enough to make it a "great" movie.First off, this movie asks way too much of its audience as far as suspension of belief. This is fine with a sci-fi or horror movies, but for a highly touted Oscar winner that claims to be a gritty drama portraying an often ignored part of a big society, it really goes overboard. The coincidences that you are asked to accept are just beyond human comprehension. I used to watch the American version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire, and to suggest that an uneducated homeless guy could win because just about every question is related to something obscure that happened a long time ago in his life, and which he happens to conveniently remember, is just ludicrous. Please, the coincidence of the little kid in God Rama custom was just laughable, and when movie critics decide they hate a movie, this is the kind of stuff they pounce on, but in this case, a clear example of complete amateurism is ignored.And don't get me started about the TV host character. He blatantly belittles the contestant about being poor, again and again and again, with no subtlety whatsoever, just straight out laughs in his face while millions watch on TV. He is part of a collective that makes taking this film seriously completely impossible.Somewhere between 20 to 30 minutes into this movie you realize how the rest of the movie is going to go. Those who you think will end up together, do. The characters you expect to die, do. The only thing that kept my interest was the notion that, since this was a critically acclaimed movie and a foreign movie, they would not cop out and do a Hollywood ending. I guess I was wrong. And maybe it's an Indian tradition, but what was the deal with ending the movie with a completely irrelevant dance number??? I know they did something similar in "There's Something About Mary", but that was a comedy!! Can you imagine a dance number at the end of "Crash"?Another thing that bugged me was the so called love story. It was a big part of the second half of the movie and it just destroyed any sliver of credibility the plot still had at that point. The main character suffers from what I like to call "Hugh Grant Syndrome". This is when a movie gives us a male character who has a nonsensical, and self deprecating, obsession with a woman who obviously doesn't like him and even goes out of her way to hurt him just to show him how much she's not into him, but then the guy, against all logic, persist and eventually wins her. These movies have the audacity to asks us to see these stalker, unhealthy, relationships as "romantic" and "endearing" when any adult with half a brain knows that women like this (or any person for that matter) don't change over night and that the relationship is already doomed. The girl in this movie, except briefly when they were playing around as kids, never showed the same level or type of interest that the guy does through out the last half! She always followed whatever would allow her to survive. The only time she actually seems to want to be with him as much as he does with her is when he has fame and money. This is supposed to be romantic?I decided to see this movie, despite the obvious red flag that this was hyped by the Oscars, because I wanted to see something different, something that would give me more insight into what I regard as a fascinating culture. In spite of the great cinematography and look of the film, all I got was a bunch of Western stereotypes wrapped in a silly and substandard plot. This was the best movie of 2008?!?! Really?!?! I thought "The Wrestler" was a better movie, and it wasn't even nominated!!!! Only the Hollywood elites don't see the big disconnect between their taste in movies and that of movie fans. In a move that reeks of desperation they are adding more nominees to the Oscars categories in an attempt to keep the ceremonies' ratings from going down the toilet even more. They don't get it, it's not about quantity, it's about quality, or in this case, lack of quality.

Because he's full frontal nude! This was not a good movie. Simple as that.Starting from the first scene, my whole enthusiasm was drained off when I saw the cops torturing a guy for doing good in a competition. My mind was boggled. Has there ever been a more ludicrous, more absurd opening in the history of cinema? I mean who shows their script utterly sucks in the very first moments? Even bad action movies don't do that. It felt like a punch. (You thought it was gonna be good because of all those Oscars, eh? Here you go! POW!)The following sequences where we witness our characters' past were far from being sincere, real, or authentic. I can't believe people compare this to City of God. It felt so... amateurish. Danny Boyle has totally lost his edge. There was nothing impressive. I don't know how to quite put it right, but there was this "We're so happy to be making this film!" feeling all over the movie and it especially didn't work well for the supposed dramatic moments. They were not real, not new, not original. A little bit of Oliver Twist, and some bad humor. Nothing memorable.And the show... Ah, the show... A vulgar, cheating, lying, conniving bully of a TV show host? Where do they find these ideas? You can't just suspect a competitor of cheating and send him off to be electrocuted! In a place where a TV show like that is being made, these kinda stuff just cannot happen. This is a fact. Nobody can say anything to make it okay. That was the one most stupid character idea ever to be realized on screen.And they even told about their suspicions to the press without so much as trying to frame him with some lie like they found something on him. How disreputable is that for the show? And is it so incomprehensible to think that maybe he just knew the answers? "Doctors, professors can't go where he went." my a**!!! As if the questions were prepared for geniuses... The first half was all about India and they even had questions with humorous answers that -like the cop said- a 5 year old could answer. This was *very cleverly* written to legitimize people's suspicions of the cheating thing but instead it made the lead guy look like a borderline idiot. And didn't the host think that maybe the guy could make a complaint, or at least talk to the press? Was he gonna cover it up with his strong ties to the police and threaten the media? He's a TV personality for god's sake! Not a made man! Oh god, it was so absurd.And has nobody warned the writer about the "perfect chronology between the events in the guys life and the contents of the questions" angle was way too off? Too forced? You gotta be a bit more subtle when you're dealing with stuff like destiny since you're trying to make a real movie. Either go crazy and say "In my movie's universe these things are normal." like Woody Allen does, or make it a bit more realistic and reasonable like it was in the movie Crash. This was just lame, childish, BAD writing. Oh and the lead character must have had such a brain, they should kill the guy and study it. He remembers everything! If our brains stored information like that... Man, I don't even what would happen! And the ending. The *perfectly* thought out ending where the easiest question in the world comes as the last question, just to tie it all up with a not-so-meaningful memory from his childhood. So cheap. The chaotic brother who just can't decide what to be, suddenly goes paladin and he, very quickly, brings a solution to the girl's problems and sets her free, and even handles the communication problem between the lovers just so that they can have the conclusion talk that will wrap the movie up. So cheap. And he kills the boss who, very conveniently, enters the room first. (come on, man... why would a crime boss enter a room like a deer when he knows there's something suspicious going on?) And the third act is done! Writing is that easy guys. And you can even get an Oscar for it.David Fincher must have been so annoyed... When you can't even trust the Academy, what's the point of the whole awards concept? Please let's stop this craze of cheering for bad movies just because of their hype! First the Dark Knight and now this. Teenagers go ape**** over horrific stuff like Twilight. What is going on? I don't think I can handle another one.

I FULLY AGREE that it is a good movie, no doubt about it, but it is highly overrated. If u people like this, there are 100s of other Indian Movies that are made much better than this(Both old and NEW). As for Rahman's music, it is GREAT (again no doubt). But this is definitely not his best. Pls go hear "dil se" and u'll know what i am talking about! Compare this movie to previous Oscar winners like American beauty, and well, u'll know wat i mean. Verdict : To everyone who has still not seen the film, It's definitely a one time watch. Good music,Good story and Good (kind hearted if i may add) cast and crew. But i request you to watch it with an open mind. And by the way, Mumbai is not just a "slum area". :-)

Since it received no less than 8 Oscars, I foresaw that Slumdog would not be of my liking, but I was frankly still baffled that the picture did not even meet my poorest of expectations, turning out to be just another overcheesed melodrama and an altogether quixotic mess of a film.With leads totally bereft of any charisma and zero chemistry between them, I progressively wondered who exactly I was supposed to root for. I think at some point I went for the game show host, since he was apparently paying the game money out his own pocket? and was obviously the victim of a swindle, much like myself.Come on, people don't instantly become of interest or garner sympathy just because they had a rough time. It takes a believable backdrop, a solid script and character development to achieve this. This picture fails terribly on all these counts and does so rather conspicuously, much like a cartoon or a parody. Oh, this was a realistic portrait of a typical slum in Bombay? They must have recently painted and vacuumed the place then.Heavy handed and utterly contrived situations furthered my annoyance as the movie turned into an inconceivable question and answer game where queue back sequences, in perfect chronological alignment, conveniently allowed the main lead to be able to rush through the game show, never showing the proper emotion or physical reaction such a tense situation surely would bring. No wonder the comic book villain cops didn't buy the lead's explanation that he simply knew all the answers. Our poor lead is beaten and tortured as the morally bankrupt cops try to force out a confession. But after a few weepy lifetime tales, the cop miraculously turns from foe to friend acting like the father one never had. Please give us a break.And what was up with these kids being able to speak perfect English all of a sudden? Since when is the WWTBAM show broad-casted live? Since when do you only need to answer 6 questions in this quiz and what in God's name is so glorious or symbolic about being shot to death in a bathtub full of money? Why is it that nowadays films with a story line that would really only be suitable for young children with its simplistic and utterly unrealistic plot points, seem so fit to gather so much general acclaim from a mature audience? I know people are easy to manipulate with these sorts of rags to riches claptrap, but surely this level of schmaltz and insultingly lame and predictable story progression would open up a few eyes here and there?I guess that the better the movies come, the worse they actually are.

After winning eight Oscars I was all set to experience a masterpiece. I dunno, but I didn't get it. Do I need to watch it again? Is this a new genre? What am I missing? I did not enjoy the cinema theater experience - as I rented it and watched it in HD. That might've contributed to my lack of understanding or sensory deprivation.Hence, I saw what seemed like a "young love" story set against the sometimes horrid background of Mumbai, India. The slums and all that goes with it. The flashback sequences with the young children, then as young teens is compelling. Then suddenly we're thrust into the future rooting for the still young Jamal Malik the contestant on India's version of "Who wants to be a millionaire." All of the questions somehow reflect and ignite memories of his street urchin childhood. This is not an innovative concept. We can all guess the ending.I grant you - the photography is beautiful and I guess the kudos for sound, editing, etc., that the academy bestowed are probably deserved. Dev Patel as the older Jamal seems out of sync. He's just too pretty and does not fit the part.Well... One of the best movies... ever made? Nope! Not even the best of 2008. Good, compelling, interesting and no more.

Last night we went to see what the fuss was all about.While Slumdog is fairly entertaining, I found the overall package to fall far short of an "instant classic". My main gripe with this film was that the plot mechanisms were very contrived, in many cases incredibly predictable.By the time we got to the second flashback, the scene was pretty much set. There will be some horrific disaster or injustice; and then, there will be some miraculous turn of events to contrast with the evil. This formula was repeated again and again; I suppose the thinking was that this was an analogue of the Indian experience itself. I thought that it was simply clumsy and self-serving.Another annoyance was the injection of Western arrogance into the film; for example, the "three musketeers" scene which of course was just a contrivance to set up the dramatic final question. Two Indian children whose mother had just been brutally murdered, who had just seen a man burned to death in front of them, would be prattling on about the characters in an Alexandre Dumas novel? Really? What in the world was this director thinking? Did he really think that anyone could watch this scene with a straight face? The subplot with Salim as a gangster was quite unbelievable and discontinuous with the rest of the film. This could have been a good concept for a different film, where this plot could have be more fully developed, but it did not fit well in this movie. Another contrivance, and one that did not work well, I thought it was very awkward.With that being said, there is still enough entertainment value to rate this film 6 stars. It was worth the matinée price that I paid, but I am not certain it would have been worth full admission.Best Movie of the year? Spare me. That outcome simply shows how meaningless the Oscars have become.

Here's yet another extremely overrated film from 2008 catered specifically to awards and little else. Color me unimpressed.While it's not as dire as Benjamin Button or as erroneous as The Dark Knight, Slumdog is certainly not a good film. It's not technically bad, either. It simply exists. It's a movie you watch rather than experience.I am literally in a state of shock these days at all the films masquerading as high-class or even art when they are riddled with so many *fundamental* mistakes. Screen writing 101...they get that stuff wrong! Not the hard stuff, the simple stuff. How? I am baffled.Slumdog's story relies damn near entirely on coincidence, which is a hugely detrimental factor when attempting to create audience sympathy. I didn't feel for the kid on the show. I wasn't given a reason to. If that were me on that show, I would have never been asked questions that I just so happened to know the answers to by chance. This kid just so happens to know the answer to the questions he is asked and little else. He lucked out! I did not sympathize with him, I envied him! I simply could not put myself in that situation due to it's complete insanity and lack of realism.The search for the girl is introduced rather late, and before then, there isn't much to root for in this story. So essentially, you can begin watching this film at that point and completely understand the plot and miss nothing of importance.The fact that the kid had one question left was not properly communicated to the audience, which diluted the suspense of the situation.The fragmented nature of the story doesn't make it easy to understand the narrative, even when the concept alone creates the plot beats for you. This film seems to go out of it's way to make things extra-complex, as though it's trying to cover up something that's lacking...Another thing that jumped out and bothered me...there are plenty of scenes that simply have nothing to do with the kid on the game show...or scenes that take far too long to get to the necessary bits of info that we need. It plods around for quite some time as if it's trying to make up for something that's lacking...I also do not enjoy the new-age, pointlessly over-stylistic directing style employed here. It was distracting, perhaps to cover up something that's lacking...When something, *anything*, is not right, you look at the fundamentals. This is true in everything from football to film-making. Without knowing, or by simply ignoring the fundamentals, you end up with horrendously flawed films such as this, The Dark Knight and Benjamin Button. And what's really sad is that these are the most highly-praised films of last year.When did the standards drop so low? Did I miss a meeting? And can I still vote?

It doesn't seem like a stretch to suggest that America might now be ready to embrace films in the style of India's Bollywood films. While "Slumdog Millionaire" is far from a Bollywood tragic love story filled with singing and dancing, the way director Danny Boyle will rivet audiences with his film that is authentic to Indian culture while using a distinctly Western style of film-making might be enough proof that there is a profit to be made here."Slumdog Millionaire" is a drama exposing the tragic effects of poverty in gigantic Indian cities like Mumbai that is also fused with a modern day Indian fairytale. Jamal Malik is a young man on India's "Who Wants to Be A Millionaire" and is a question away from one million dollars when he's arrested on suspicion of cheating. Because Jamal is from the slums of India and has no educational background, it seems entirely improbable if not impossible that Jamal could make it this far, but each question is connected with distinct and sometimes painful memories for Jamal. It's as if he is destined to win, even though he only went on the show to impress a girl he has loved his whole life, Latika.Danny Boyle ("28 Days Later," "Sunshine") takes us from memory to memory as Jamal advances question by question toward the million dollars. These memories offer vivid insight into poverty in India as well as the lives of Jamal, Latika and Jamal's older brother Salim. As children they are left parentless and taught how to swindle tourists, leading to lives of little fulfillment or even corruption. Despite being separated, Jamal and Latika are reunited several times and in fact Jamal's only motivation in life is his love for her.While the young, unknown, Indian actors are absolutely amazing in this film, the biggest kudos go to director Boyle, who creates an astonishing film. For Boyle to go from science fiction and zombie thrillers to taking on a project as daring and unusual as "Slumdog Millionaire" proves that he's not only a brave director, but a versatile one. His great success with making this film intense, eye-opening and full of heart all at the same time prove that he's also an incredible one. "Slumdog" is just the beginning for Boyle who might be one of the most progressive and talented directors working today.It's hard to be completely blown away by a film whose core message is about destiny and leans on the fact that Jamal is simply fated to do this well in explaining what has unfolded, but like any good film ought to, Boyle makes you a fan of the characters and not care as much about the logistics as you might normally do. The fact that this film starts out so dramatic and real makes it hard to embrace the fairytale it blossoms into, but it's the great visual storytelling along the way that makes it so enjoyable. ~Steven CVisit my site at http://moviemusereviews.com/

I still can't believe how much hype is there about this movie. Whole movie is like a fairy tale from the very beginning. First they beat him up totally at the start of the movie and finally they stop, this inspector starts questioning him, he answers all the questions and he instantly believes him. Then from the question one, we know how will whole movie go and from that moment, honestly, I was just counting how many questions are left so I can get this movie over with. Also, questions in this quiz are silly easy, especially the last one which by no means should be a main prize question which can be answered by any average 10 years old kid. But still, I continue watching the movie , with a belief there has to be something original and unexpected as the movie gets near the end, having in mind how highly rated this movie is, but fair tale just keeps going on and on... I really hoped that a train would hit Latica at the end when she was going towards him to give us some dark reality which is a must in a movie which wins Oscar usually, but Na, movie ends and stupid dance sequence starts...

I frankly don't know why people in my country India were really excited about this movie and of course it won 3 Oscar's but is it worth it?I think anyone who had not heard Rahman's music before only can applaud for a real stupid like Jai Ho it was not that bad though but an Oscar is really not needed,Rahman is lot better than that in fact he is the maestro.Coming to the movie there are some real logical mistakes,what kind of a parson working in a call center would ask his peon to do his work which involves speaking in a very formal accent and show me a slum dweller from any part of the world who speaks a formal accent and many more other goofs.Coming to the performances dev patel acted very badly and he never looked like a person from the slum but the kids and female lead gave good performances the kids were ultimate.The camera work and the screenplay was good the music was good though the bad song won the Oscar other songs like O Saya,Gansta Blues were good. Overall this was a bad try of making a movie of the quality of Cidade de deus.For Indians and Asians it is waste of time to watch this movie and others u will get a glimpse of making style of Indian movies.

This movie should rank as one of the worst movies of the decade if not the century! The script is painfully flawed and deliberately manipulative and full of clichés about India. It just takes those painfully little things the west thinks it knows of India (Slums, poverty, beggars, TajMahal, call centers, bollywood ) and paints it in the most horrifying way! The flaws in the script are so glaring and far from reality that it is preposterous to even consider this film for an Award worth its salt! For any Indian some of these things below are just laughable - While some riots break out, some kid dresses up as Lord RAM and postures while everyone else is running for his life. Ridiculous! And of course, the muslims are the victims!  While Jamaal knows whose photo is on a 100 dollor bill, he doesn't on an Indian Bill! Hello, this kid is taking photos of the tourists with an imported camera & hasn't seen ANY rupee note? (and FYI, All Indian Notes have Gandhi's portrait on them!!).  In India while English is spoken by those people whose medium of education is English (which is very small), Jamal and his friends who never went to school manage to speak English quite well!  Little children in a school study about the three musketeers and that too in English! I can keep going onNeedless to say, this film has manipulated the poverty (that very much exists in India like most places in the world) in a very tasteless way to suit a western audience. Consider this, at one scene when a driver beats up Jamal, he says "You wanted to see the real India. Here it is" and the woman replies "Well, here's the real America", pulling out a hundred-dollar bill for Jamal.You'll find beggars and drug addicts on the streets of rich nations as well (I've seen many in Vancouver, LA, Boston and Atlanta). And how often do people there go around throwing hundred-dollar bills? It is this twisted, deliberate attempt to glorify the ugly side of the Indian underbelly (again, which does exist to some extent) for the maker's own selfish gains, is just not acceptable. My request for all those who saw the movie is - Don't type cast a vast civilization like India looking at a piece of cinematic Feces like "Slumdog Millionaire" and even worst please don't give it an Oscar!

Probable Oscar nominee didn't float my boat. Its a good film but I don't know whether too many people have told me how great it is or is it not that great and people are simply reacting to the exotic nature of the film, either way it didn't blow my skirt up.This is the story of Jamal who is on the verge of winning 20 million rupees in India's Who Wants to be a Millionaire. Certain this lower class kid must be cheating he's in the police station where some extreme methods are being employed to find out how he's cheating. Insisting that he is not cheating Jamal recounts his life's story with appropriate pauses to explain how he knows the answers.Far from what I expected, I didn't expect the level of violence, this is a good little film. Its the sort of thing where luck, or is it fate, allows you enough information to get ahead. Its the sort of thing designed to make you feel good.As I said I'm not in love with the film. I like it but I'm not in love with it. Perhaps its a little too cute at times (The kid in the poop) and it didn't help that the romance vital to much of the later part of the film didn't feel right to me.As an exercise in film-making its a masterful achievement blending a variety of styles into something uniquely its own. Danny Boyle is quite simply one of the best filmmakers working today one need only look at the last four films he's directed to see the range he has. Its a dizzying, great looking, great sounding film that makes even the squalor of India seem magical. I wish more directors had Boyle's abilities.That said the film didn't click with me. I respect the people who've fallen in love with the film enough to give the film a second go down the line., but for now Its a good film that I don't think is one of the best of the year.(For those, like me who didn't realize this was as violent as it it be warned- There are shootings, clubbings, torture, people set on fire, and nastiness to children. Its not a film for kids, though reviews I've seen made it seem so)

I had heard some grumbling about this movie being overrated, and until about halfway through the movie, despite enjoying myself, I was willing to give it maybe 9 stars out of 10. But then it became more than the story of a couple of kids from the slums - it became a great retelling of two ancient stories: the kid from humble beginnings who makes history, and the boy who gets the girl, loses the girl, and...well, let's not spoil it, shall we? The second half, as we see the protagonists mature, combined with the climactic finale of the game show, is easily one of the best pieces of film I have ever seen in my life.Yes, Slumdog Millionaire is incredibly unrealistic. Let's be frank, even giving generous leeway for coincidence, there is no way this could have happened. The women featured in the movie are nearly always perfectly pretty; the prominent usage of perfect English is extremely unrealistic; there is just no way Jamal's life could have worked out in such a way that he would know the right answers.But if you think this is a criticism of the film, all I can say is that I'm really quite sorry for how seriously you take yourself. Great stories are not about the real world; great stories tell us about a world that could be, and make it seem almost as real to us as the world we live in. Slumdog Millionaire is a fairy tale for the ages, and for all its unrealism, is an uplifting and inspiring story of determination, love, and destiny. While I would say that I am often too eager to cut films some slack and give them 10 out of 10 just because I enjoyed myself thoroughly watching them, I have no qualms about giving Slumdog Millionaire a perfect 10. I would give it 11 if I could. This is a movie that deserves it.A side-note on issues of realism: although I have never lived in India, I visited Kolkata for a week and the slums and way of life I saw were very similar to that depicted in the movie. I come from a multi-ethnic country with many Indians and huge income disparities; I have socialised with both the wealthy elite and the squatters living nearly hand to mouth. I can easily tell you that Slumdog Millionaire is off in many ways. But every timeless tale is not quite accurate, and I don't hear anyone ragging on Snow White or George Washington's cherry tree for their realist faux pas. Slumdog Millionaire is a beautiful story, and while I'm not sure it stands in that class, it is one of the most amazing things to have ever been filmed. Watch it.

"The feel-good movie of the year!" promises the quote headlined on the DVD jacket; and that certainly was how the movie was sold. Remembering previous movies directed by Danny Boyle--stories about miserable people in dead-end situations--I wondered what his idea of a feel-good movie would be.I found out soon enough: a story about even more miserable people at a dead end even more definite; a story that begins in torture and ends in a double murder, with betrayal, abduction, theft, robbery, mutilation, and more murders along the way. The movie's claim to feel-good status rests on a "happy ending" that takes up perhaps five minutes and feels more like an appendix, the story proper having concluded as it commenced, i.e. miserably. The ending didn't make me feel good, and I don't see how it could inspire such a feeling in anyone who was paying it close attention.How did it make me feel? Confused; because it seemed to follow from nothing that had preceded. The boy and the girl live happily ever after, in prosperity and contentment--but no, that isn't actually the ending; that's only our inference from the ending. The movie doesn't show it, and what a movie doesn't show in effect doesn't happen. The actual ending is that the boy and the girl meet and kiss. And even that is...well, what is it? It isn't realistic, and can't have been intended to be taken as such. But neither is it romantic, since the movie lacks the layer of sentiment that such an ending would require. It isn't fantastical, and it isn't satirical. In fact, it makes no sense, however you try to read it.The inexplicableness of the conclusion led me to look back at the story more critically, and when I did I found it the same all through. I don't know what mode it's supposed to be in. It's based on what sounds like the "happy idea" of traditional comedy: a poor boy competes in a TV quiz show and amazes everyone by knowing all the answers, since every one of them is something he has discovered during one of the major events in his life. But the movie isn't a comedy. And supposing it were, I still wouldn't know what the point of the idea was. Again, it clearly isn't an observation from real life. Is it intended as an optimistic statement, showing that all experience yields knowledge? Or as darkly comic, showing that after the many horrors the boy has endured, all he has to show for it is a few negligible bits of trivia? Or as inspirational, in that he turns a life of defeats into victory? One can only guess.The best clue the movie offers is the structure, as far as it can be discerned in spite of the director's efforts to fragment it. From it I would guess that the original novel was a step or two distant from reality. The story is laid out in a series of discrete episodes from the boy's life, each containing the answer to one of the questions on the quiz show. In the movie we hear the question, we see the flashback relating to it, and then we flash-forward again to the answer. This seems more artificial and tedious when acted out literally than it would on the page. And paradoxically, the movie's attempts to disguise its repetitiveness only make it seem more intrusive. Had it been treated in the same way as a recurring pattern in music, it might have given the movie a solid form. As it is, it's constantly broken up: sometimes we're in the TV studio as the quiz show is going on, sometimes we're in a police station watching it; the shifts are so random that often we don't know where or when we are. In fact, it wasn't until well into the film that I grasped the boy wasn't only replaying his life in memory, he was also telling it to the police. Once we know this, we can't be sure whether we're seeing events as he's recollecting them, as he's recounting them, or as they originally happened. Clarity appears not to have been the director's primary objective.What he does seem to have been after is to keep things moving. And he does succeed at that. This is a running, jumping, and not-standing-still film. For instance, it contains two street chases that go on much longer than needed--if either sequence were needed--with no apparent purpose other than to add some physical action. The scenes of violence raise the same suspicion, and come off seeming sensationalized, however undoubted the reality they reflect. Probably Boyle has a genuine concern for the victims he portrays, but his hyping of the atrocities they have to endure tends to call that into question, as does the fact that the same kinds of bad things happen in his zombie and space movies as in this purported social document. And frankly, I couldn't help feeling that a lot of it was just the director superimposing himself onto the material. At the end, indeed, he does so almost literally. In what would have an enjoyable dance number in the Bollywood style, he continually pastes credits on top of the dancers, as well as cutting away from them every few seconds. He seems unable to keep himself out of it.Similarly, he hashes up the narrative, jumping from one stage of the boy's life to the next, while paying scant attention to how he got from one to the other, and never slowing down enough to show what he feels and thinks. That is especially true when it comes his relations with his brother, so critical to the story, which are depicted only in the most generalized and movie-ish way.If I'm going to watch a meaningless movie, I'd rather it were a feel-better one.

Over the past few months, I've been hearing a lot of praises for this movie. And the Oscar achievement added more to that. Congratulations to everyone associated with the movie. But I seriously feel its 'much ado about nothing'.I agree that the concept of the movie - the basic plot - is a fantastic one. But all said and done, the movie still doesn't work (at least for me it didn't). Its the screenplay that has been a let-down.I haven't read the actual book. But the movie-plot is full of holes. The major one is the language. I feel the makers were forced to use English as a medium of dialogue, obviously because this was a Hollywood movie. The so-called 'Slumdog' Mumbai kids talking in English is something I cannot digest. It was quite good at the beginning when the kids conversed in a dialect of Hindi which was very similar to the actual one used in slums of Mumbai (including the swear words). But then we find the teenage Jamal, Salim and Latika conversing in fluent English. That's simply unrealistic, especially after what they had gone through in their lives. The villain Mamman too switches over to English while talking to the teenage Jamal and Salim, while he was talking to them in Hindi a few years ago.The way in which the events in Jamal's life were connected to the answers to the questions, failed to impress. Most reeked of poor research. Almost all of them were unrealistic and unbelievable. Trust me, I can guarantee this, no boy from slums would call a revolver a 'Colt'. And how does a blind kid looking for alms know about Benjamin Franklin? The communal riots sequence could have been good connection, but how does a boy disguised like lord Rama turn up in an area of total chaos, and is just standing there absolutely relaxed.At the end, watching Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto dance in the railway station to the tune of Jai-Ho made me roll-over laughing. It was hilarious. The dance moves seems totally disconnected to the lyrics of the song. And Dev Patel's two left feet were not much help either. In fact, it would have been better if there was no dance at all. But hey, after all, its a Bollywood movie, and every western director who wishes to direct an Indian movie always wants to direct a song-and-dance sequence. But this one here has beat many Hindi movies in terms of the ridiculousness of a song.About the performances, the kids did an absolutely marvellous job. Anil Kapoor, Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto did a nice job too. Irfan Khan has been wasted in a forgettable role. AR Rehman rocks as usual, but Jai-ho is certainly not his best.Overall, I think this movie was a loose interpretation of the Mumbai slums, the people there and their lives. Its a confused movie, which just stops somewhere in middle of making a feel-good movie suited to the sensibilities of the western audience, and going for a total 'indianization' of a Hollywood movie. It should have rather sided one end.

This film came to the UK on a wave of Oscar hype and critical praise and I was looking forward to see it even though the reasons "why" it was good seemed a bit vague to me. On one hand it seems to be set in the gritty poverty of India, with descriptions of some very unpleasant scenes but then, on the other hand it was described as being uplifting and the feel-good movie of the year. I was curious how this conflicting information resolves itself within one film without off-balancing it.The overall sweep of the film is very much a rag-to-riches story with love being the real heart of the film even if "money" (or a game-show for money) is the narrative driver and essentially it is modern day fairytale. In this regard it is an excellent film because you are engaged throughout, are totally on the side of the main characters and ultimately the viewer would give anything if they could only end the film happily. In this way it is uplifting and (ultimately) a really cheering film that is worth seeing with an audience because it is one of those things that unites an audience with a common feeling of cheer and goodwill. The method of delivery really helps the plot work because it is colourful, frantic and stylish.I really enjoyed the fragmented time structure that uses the re-watching of the Millionaire questions in the police station as a trigger for flashbacks. This means we are gripped by several threads/times rather than it being a straight flow. It is not an amazingly unique device but the manner of it being put together prevents it ever being clumsy or obvious by how it transitions from one time to the other. Speaking of delivery and style, the film is understandably an Oscar contender generally thanks to its upbeat nature (after darker material last year and the current downturn in the world, Oscar probably will look for some feel-good stuff) but the areas I think it stands a great chance are those of cinematography, editing and direction. I say this because visually the film is a treat. It captures the colour of India with great camera work that puts us right in the scene. An example is the early chase through the slum, with a frantic camera, plenty of colour (in terms of palate, places and people) and a great visual style with the sun hitting the camera from above as it moves and other effective devices. With this much movement in the camera throughout the film, the editing is key in making these scenes work and it is excellent throughout  even putting the subtitles in a stylish and arresting fashion which helped sell the use of Hindi but does also match the style of the film more than standard text would have. As director Boyle delivers on all this and his use of music is great as well. It does feel like we have the grit and style of City of God but yet also the warm uplifting story of the very best the "underdog" genre can provide.That it achieves this is a testament to how well the film is delivered because it does have to overcome the fact that the majority of the film presents us with a terrible world of poverty and suffering and then gradually pulls the main characters out of it. This is a problem that the delivery covers but ultimately the viewer is left with some fairly harrowing realities that haven't gone away by the end of the film. I totally understand those who love the film unquestioningly but I do agree with those that take pause on this issue and note that it is an aspect of the film that really doesn't stand up in the cold light of day. You see, it is gritty and it is unpleasant and, although not based on a true story, this is a reality in our world and to see so much of it in a film that ultimately leaves you feeling good about life and happy that everything worked out alright is not a mix that sat particularly well with me. It isn't helped by the dance number over the end credits, which involved lots of people and pushed the "isn't everything great" idea more than the proper conclusion of the story did. I didn't like this part of the credits for this reason and also it would have been nice to see a film based in India that didn't feel it had to "do" Bollywood.The cast mostly play to the "fairytale" side of the film more than the grit, although the young children are very impressive in the first sections of the story. Patel took a minute to grow on me but, although not the most charismatic of performers, he is really steady as the underdog who is driven. Kapoor is a great villain, driven by a hate that says a lot about the class system in place. Pinto is stunning and has a much stronger presence than Patel. Khan works the investigation scenes well, which was important as these are where the story is told from. There are no real weak links in the performances  the fairy-tale nature of the tale means everyone has to focus on that side of it but they are still good.The film is not as perfect as you will hear but it is still very good at what it does. It is a wonderfully stylish and slick romantic fairytale that is cheering and uplifting but of course this does give the slight problem that it is a stylish, slick and uplifting film that features horribly real images of cruelty and poverty. It doesn't manage to reconcile this but it is strong enough to make you ignore this for the vast majority of the time, leaving you tense, hopeful and weepy.

Slumdog Millionaire is one of the most critically acclaimed movies of 2008 but the hype surrounding it is a bit undeserved. Don't get me wrong, this is at the very least a good movie and is quite a terrific movie 2/3 the way through. What the movie does though in the last 1/3 is make the fatal mistake of turning into a Hollywood or maybe in this case a Bollywood movie. It takes away from that genuine and satisfying feeling. The acting all around was very good particularly from Dev Patel and the small kids. There performance are probably the only thing that is overlooked in this film. Without much of these very good performances the movie would not have been at the level it was at.The directing of Danny Boyle was his best yet. The look of the film was amazing and many screen shots of India were breathtaking. The musical score was very fitting to the style of the movie. It was one of the best scores of 2008. Where this film fell apart was at the writing. Towards the end its withdrew into a standard romance. It was no longer the great and amazing adventure we had witnessed for most of the movie. The complex relations seemed to be over simplified and it does the safe thing to do in the approach of tone but if taken into a drastically different direction could have lead it to be a real classic. Yet instead of ever peaking or sky rocketing to greatness it had plateaued and didn't deliver the way I had hoped it would, this largely in part by the failure of the screenplay.Many people have compared this film to City of God because the film are actually similar in many ways. Yet City of God has something Slumdog Millionaire does not have which is depth and character motivations. These things are vital to these kind of movies being successful. City of God seemed to have a more plausible story because the story was more linear. Events took place as a result of other events. This did not happen in Slumdog Millionaire, the story was more chopped up and too many of the events just seemed to pop up out of no where. Slumdog Millionaire did take a very ambitious approach in the way it was made which is commendable. Is this a 1st rate movie though? The answer to that is no.

I am not sure what all the hype is about this movie. It started out very slow and continued slow and did not become entertaining until halfway or more through the movie--worth seeing, but certainly nothing much above average. I suspect people liked it because it was not the typical Hollywood movie. I did not like the way it continued to flashback from the present to the past but I typically do not like movies that use this tactic excessively as this movie did. It was predictable in that the main character panned for a girl through the entire movie and circumstances always kept the two apart and only at the end of the movie did they finally get together. I thought it could have been edited better so that it did not drag so much in the first half of the movie. Certainly it is worth it to see if nothing more than it is very different than the typical Hollywood movie--no big name actors and while it is done in English, all of the actors are or appear to be native to India.

Now the Oscar dust has settled, what remains of Slumdog Millionaire? Nothing much. Slumdog was a victim of its own buzz and the hype that surrounded it was, naturally, unsustainable. Watching the film on DVD, I was aware of its severe limitations as a cinematic experience. Originally intended for a DVD/TV crossover, the film very much belongs to that genre. The biggest problem of the film is its adult protagonist played by Dev Patel. For UK viewers, he is best known as one of the ex-cast members of the overrated teen drama Skins, and it's this TV baggage he brings to Slumdog. Furthermore, he is not the charismatic hero of Bollywood film but very average looking and limited in his acting talents. His co-star Freida Pinto as the adult Latika doesn't have to do much except look beautiful, and she does that very well. Embarrassingly, both are upstaged by the trio of child actors who bring a daring self-effacement to their roles. Is is they who bring a haunting authenticity to the film, being slumdog children themselves; and it's this blurring of roles and reality that is so intriguing.Why is it overrated? The film's central conceit of the Millionaire quiz and flashbacks is clever at the start but soon loses its effect. Director Danny Boyle is confused about where to reveal the origin of the answer – sometimes it's revealed after the question is asked; other times it's revealed before. There's an inconsistency about the flow of this narrative strategy and often I found myself guessing the outcome before it came and I don't want to be in this situation in a film. The film's dynamic flow staggers midway and the linear narrative takes hold. What we get is a run-of-the mill Bollywood romance that seems too Hollywood for its own sake. The final scenes are desperately out of place in the film and seem insulting to the audience following many harrowing scenes. To say the film's ending is badly handled is an understatement. Boyle seems to have been confused about how to end the film, so what we get is an abrupt cutaway to the protagonist Jamal, sitting like a beggar in the station despite being the most famous TV star in Mumbai. Just didn't ring true. The Bollywood credits further reinforces the trivial tone. No wonder it won so many Oscars!

This movie was one of the best movies that I have seen so far at the Toronto International Film Festival. This film is beautifully filmed as Danny Boyle can do. He is a film master. The acting is magnificent as well. Imagine using 3 children under the age of 7 to tell the early part of the story plot. The film uses past tense, and present tense to tell the whole story, which is also seamless. Filming took place in India as well. Their was a question and answer after the showing of this film at TIFF-Toronto International Film Festival. Please go and see this film. This film is has and exceptional cast, and should be seen in the theaters. It was magnificent.

"Slumdog Millionaire" is the kind of film that many people will probably rabidly adore, because it's energetic, invigorating and, at first glance at least, feels like something we haven't seen before. But a whole other group of movie goers may find themselves resistant to its questionable charms, as I did. "Slumdog Millionaire" is a fake. An accomplished fake, to be sure, but a fake nonetheless.The film tells the story of Jamal, who grows up in the slums of Mumbai, India, only to find himself in the hot seat on the popular Indian television version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire." Each question he's asked during the game show triggers a flashback sequence that fills in a little bit more of his story -- we see him become estranged from his brother, who gives himself over to the life of a gangster, and we see him stay true through all of his adversity to his one love, a girl named Latika.It's fairly clear that director Danny Boyle intends this film to be a fairy tale, with the love story providing the film its heart. But much of the film is nasty and unpleasant, reveling in every distasteful detail about Jamal's childhood. Within the first 20 minutes of the film, we've seen Jamal tortured with electricity, Jamal jumping into a vile pit of human excrement in order to get an autograph from his favorite Bollywood star (this scene is played for laughs, because isn't someone covered in sh*t always good for a laugh?) and we see his mother bludgeoned to death by anti-Muslim extremists right before Jamal's and his brother's eyes. Later, we see small children getting their eyes burned out with hot spoons in order to make them more effective beggars. Everyone in the movie but Jamal and Latika, who remain blank slates as characters, is hateful and repellent. Boyle heaps calamity on top of calamity for so much of the film that its facile, simplistic conclusion wrings impossibly false. You can't have it both ways. You can't have your film be both a gritty, slice-of-life indictment and a frothy romantic soufflé. The end product is like "City of God" meets "Moulin Rouge!" This isn't the first time I've felt this way about Danny Boyle movies. He frequently strikes me as a director who's not in control of his own films. His brand of film-making mistakes the fast and furious for interesting and compelling, and he gets in the way of his own narratives, distracting us when he should be drawing us in.A lot of people might mistake this for a great film. And who knows? -- maybe it is. After all, greatness is a matter of opinion. But my opinion is that this film falls very short of greatness.Grade: B-

It's never good to watch a movie with great expectations. Either you just get what you waited for anyway or you are completely disappointed. Well, what's wrong with Slumdog Millionaire? Maybe I shouldn't have read anything about it before watching - but as it won so many Oscars, it's hard not to find out anything about it. So the storyline was clear - some poor boy from the Mumbai slums gets the opportunity to win a lot of money. And the movie somehow has to point out how it is actually possible for somebody who dropped out of school as a child to know all these answers.Well, the acting is fine and you really get to know the main character. It's hard not to like him. The music's good, the antagonists are as bad as you'd wish them to be. So it's about the plot. Slumdog Millionaire is a modern-day Indian fairytale. Everything works out for Jamal. Don't get me wrong, that's all right - Jamal has the amount of luck of an action movie hero (be it in "Die Hard" or in "Taken"). But they normally aren't rewarded any Oscars.The Academy Awards Jury seemingly longs for happy endings. But this one got so many Oscars because it's a movie that gives you a good feeling. From rags to riches, and besides finding the girl of your dreams - all of this happening in India with its social problems. Some of those Oscars are symbolic for the message you might want to receive from the movie. Everyone can be a winner. But that's cinema. A real-life "Die Hard" wouldn't have had an happy ending. It's fiction and you gotta accept it. Maybe some people don't wanna accept that and thus rate Slumdog Millionaire this good.For me it's nothing but a pretty enjoyable drama. But an overrated one.

I feel that this is a worthwhile film that has some beautiful moments, especially in the first half hour or so. That said, while it seemed at first that Slumdog might actually live up to the enormous hype, things started getting a bit silly when the boys reached Agra. Having spent several months in India over the course of two trips, the Taj scenes were far-fetched at best and I was never really hypnotized by the film again after that. Security is very tight at the Taj and street urchins operating a stolen shoe ring simply wouldn't happen as you don't take your shoes off until you're well past the military style checkpoint that "slumdogs" would never be able to pass. This in itself didn't ruin the film or anything, but starting with those scenes my suspension of disbelief generally faltered and the whole thing began to feel somewhat contrived. I suppose the writer's desire to plug in the trusty old "rags to riches" story was probably the main reason for this as VERY FEW Indian street kids ever climb the social ladder. I feel that Jamal losing out on the money but finally rescuing the girl would have made for a more realistic (and artistically apropos) ending. Concerning Jamal, I also failed to see any physical resemblance between the adult version and the two younger ones. Actually, Dev Patel has a significantly lighter complexion than any of the actors who played Salim, Latika, or the younger Jamal.Ultimately, it seems to me that the gaggle of Oscars might actually damage Slumdog's reception somewhat as they inevitably lead one to believe that this is a once in a generation type of film. Simply put, it's not. For my money, City of God was a better executed film about street kids and Born into Brothels (while a documentary) was a superior chronicle of the Indian variety. Oh well. Slumdog is still worth seeing, it's just not quite worthy of the hype. 7/10

Slumdog Millionaire was one of the WORST movies I have ever seen.Talk about disjointed.How did this kid learn to speak English so well when he lived in the slums of India and never learned to read? What happened to all of the questions between 16000 and 1000000? Since when is Millionaire a live show? How did they all go from dark ugly kids to light studs at such a late age? How did they all learn English? How did the girl learn how to drive with an abusive husband? Why did the brother want to die in a bathtub of money rather than escaping himself? How did the main character even find the chick in the mansion (why was he even following his brother?)? The second time he came banging on the mansion doors, what was his actual plan if someone had answered the door? I'm supposed to believe this is a smart kid?Did I mention how did they learn English? How were they able to give tours of the Taj Mahal? How many shoes could they possibly have sold? Since when do people tip with $100 bills, and this AFTER the people themselves have been robbed? Why did Amitabh Bachan play himself, but Anil Kapoor didn't? Why was the host such an ass to begin with? Why are all of the questions laid out in the same exact chronological order as his life?All of the other things wrong with this movie that I won't even bother pointing out.This movie was awful.If I could give a 0, I would. I want my 2 hours back.

It feels as if I have been hit with a terrible, incurable disease. Like the elephant man, who's abnormalities awakens fear and anger in the crowd. How can something be like this? It's not supposed to be like this.. but.. so things turned out.. 8 Oscars can not convince me.. - I laughed my way through Slumdog Millionaire. All my high hopes and expectations  which dramatically had increased the last couple of months - seemed to drop on the floor simultaneously with the movie's unbearable plot (or lack of plot..). It was as if my soul and heart got torn out of my body, leaving a dry, cynical scalp of skin and a hard, mean laughter. The sickness. As a big fan of Milk, I expected a true masterpiece from the hands of Danny Boyle  something amazing it had to be, if it could win over Milk. But, oh, Danny Boy, how could you go so wrong You can't cover an empty, meaningless, predictable plot with beautiful pictures, cute Indian children with glittering eyes and heart throbbing music. The flat characters, the wannabe social realism-coverage and the corny love story WILL shine through.In advance, I knew that I didn't have to use my brain for this movie, it was okay, I was so ready for this hopeful, happy-go-lucky, beautiful masterpiece. But it bullied happy movies! It made a joke of its genre! It's the most embarrassing stunt in film history I'd ever seen. Even the hideous, awful Danielle Steele-movie I saw a week before, had more depth and realness in it. The slum of Mumbai seemed so joyful and colorful; I thought "yay, this slum I have to visit, they seem so happy", and wow, they sure learn English much faster that any other western country does. There sure is a lot of stereotypes in Mumbai you're born as one character (Salim was a gangsterkid, too obvious that he would turn out deceiving and cruel) and it doesn't really seem to change.Through the years I've seen many Bollywood-features and enjoyed their charm and humour: their self-realization of their genre. Clichés in row. But they can bear it, because they are TRUE to their theme: they don't pretend to visualize the hard life in the slum, they don't give a false depth to a character. They admit that they are predictable. But Slumdog Millionaire what would it tell us? That even if you had a rough childhood under poor, miserable circumstances, you can turn out millionaire? I really don't get it. And I almost threw up during the last scene. "Kiss me"  and then dance the Bollywood dance! Never have I seen anything this embarrassing. I held my hands over my eyes. I couldn't bear it.After the movie, I missed the last train, and that just made me more angry and miserable. And sick. What is wrong with me, since I feel this way? How can such a horrible film receive this great acknowledgment from high profiled film critiques. It's one of our time's biggest mysteries.

My summary line alone would likely attract tons of "not agree". So be it.As one critic (one sensible one out of many) puts it, strip away the "Who wants to be a millionaire" this is quite an ordinary movie. This goes to show how far one clever idea can go in achieving commercial success. Add to that Hollywood's soft spot for things exotic, there goes the Oscar. But Oscar does from time to time reward entertainment value, two recent examples being "Chicago" and "Titanic". Expertly crafted, "Millionaire" suffers in comparison with none in this department. Melodramatic to the bones, it offers you in profusions clichés in abundance: Oliver Twist style childhood, girlfriend in hand of gangsters, underdog triumph, rags to riches, "destiny" (whatever it means).The one clever idea is linking the otherwise banal story to the world famous "Do you want to be a millionaire show". The movie starts with the interrogation of Jamal in a Mumbai police station in the night after he finished the day's game show with just one last question that will give him the final, top prize. A video tape of the game show earlier is used in the interrogation, allowing the movie to flashback to the game show and from there, through each question, back to the life story of Jamal. This clever set up, together with good directing, editing, cinematography, background music, sound (here I am, of course, running off a list of the Oscars this movie has won), makes "Millionaire" a tremendously successful commercial proposition.Dev Patel, despite his youthful look, brings good depth to the character Jamal. While not as glamorous as Aishwarya Rai ("The mistress of spice", 2005), Freida Pinto is lovely as Jamal's childhood sweetheart Latika, capturing the hearts of the audience along the way. The other characters are generally stereotype. The two young actors who play "middle" (as opposed to "youngest") Jamal and Latika are excellent: Tanay Chheda and Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar.As this is a Hollywood movie, it wouldn't do to have Bollywood style song-and-dance every five minutes. But to give it a Bollywood feel, the movie makers had a clever idea of introducing a Bollywood dance number right at the end (one which I enjoyed tremendously). Clever, but not original. Takeshi Kitano did this in Zatoichi (2003), to thunderous applause. Both movie, incidentally, were voted the People's Choice Award in their respective years in the Toronto International Film Festival.

After all of the hype and awards for Slumdog Millionaire, I expected more. The film is really quite average in every way. It has three things going for it: 1) Freida Pinto is drop-dead gorgeous, 2) the ending 'music video' at the train station is fun and invigorating, and 3) Freida Pinto is drop-dead gorgeous. That's about it.From beginning to end, the story zig-zags around like a snake in a traffic jam. Sensible dialog is lacking much of the time, character development seems like an afterthought, and the film is often ploddingly slow and boring.The plight of the poor in Mumbai is a topic worth exploring, but Slumdog does a poor job of it. There is little depth to the storyline, aside from the outhouse scene. I have to admit -- that looked pretty deep to me!

*spoilers* When I saw this in the cinema, I saw the movie's poster and thought: Oh my God, this is going to suck; But I was pleasantly surprised (dear Danny Boyle, fire your art department). What I got was a fast paced drama about growing up and trying to survive in the slums of India. I very much enjoyed it; the acting and direction was of a high calibre and despite the rather overdone & odd ending, I have no complaints. But to give it as many Oscars as Gone With the Wind is verging on Blasphemy! I mean, the ending was your usual feel-good romp, with the brother of the main character filling a tub with money then getting shot in it, before shouting "god is great!" (don't ask), then straight after we get an impromptu dance sequence for the credits, which was rather stupid.My second point is that it's a movie dressed as a film. People say it's original and groundbreaking, but one watching of CITY OF GOD will show you where they got the "originality". It has the same mood and atmosphere, and could have well been its enjoyable sequel...

This is a story set in the slums of Mumbai, about two orphaned brothers who grow up on the streets. Like "City of God" (set in the slums of Rio De Janeiro), one of the boys is good (Jamal) and one is bad (Salim). They both love the same woman (Latika). Each brother watches out for each other as they grow up, but it's clear that Salim is a ruthlessly violent character.The story begins with Jamal playing for the top prize on an Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionairre". Before he can play for the top prize, the show ends & he is asked to return the following day to finish the game. However, the game show host suspects the boy is cheating & has the police take him away for questioning. The police brutally interrogate Jamal, but he does not break down & confess, but, re-counts his upbringing on the Mumbai streets to show how he was able to gather the knowledge to correctly answer the questions on the show. In the process, the story of his life unfolds.This is an excellent movie. While it is clearly an Indian cast and setting, the language is English. It's a very clever fusion of Hollywood & Bollywood. The cinematography was stunning, the music was great, the characters very engaging, the plot was excellent, with an ending that tied up everything beautifully.I highly recommend this movie.

Only a few films live up to their hype e.g American Beauty, No Country for Old Men, Brokeback Mountain etc. I was eager to see how this one was and I was infuriated. Anyone who has no idea of India, will after viewing this film think that India is an anarchy where cops play cards while watching men burning alive and chase street kids right upto their houses. The same person will also think that India is a morally corrupt nation where winning contestants on a game show are handed over to the police for third degree torture and where the audience laughs in delight when crass comments are passed on the contestant's poverty. Has Danny Boyle even watched the Indian version of Who wants to be a Millionaire? Mr. Bachchan was the most courteous towards all the contestants. He won everyone's heart with his humility. Anil Kapoor here makes the viewer want to punch him in the face. Plus the uneducated protagonist of the film who speaks British English! Wow! And this despite the fact that all around him speak in Indian English.The most angering aspect was the portrayal of the magnanimous hindu community who prey upon the hapless(!) Muslim minority. And the portrayal of Lord Raam should make the blood boil of any devotee. I dare Danny Boyle to make a similar portrayal of Jesus Christ or Prophet Muhammad. He will be promptly butchered.And also all street children don't end up in begging rings and gangs. They fall into good hands too. A guy who's Mercedes has been stripped bare pays the accused kid $100?? Talk about the white man's burden in the post modern world!!A blind beggar knows who is on a $ 100 bill?? A teenage Salim knows Colt 45? Indians are film crazy but no one will jump and wade through excreta to get an autograph of any film star. Plus, is the name of the third musketeer so unfamiliar that one has to pose as a question for Rs 2 million????? And whats the fuss made about Freida Pinto's performance?? Her performance was even more insipid than the rest of the cast. How can a battered girl who is not allowed to step outside drive?? And does Salim's heart change when he sees his lil' bro win millions?? Why cant he escape himself? And can a man who has won two million in a game show go unnoticed in CS Terminus, one of the most crowded places on earth? The only saving grace are the child actors. They are a welcome relief in this otherwise insipid film.Had this movie been made by a Bollywood director or even some prominent Hollywood director, it would have been labelled as trash which it is. And I'm shocked at the academy. Yes, AR Rehman should win at least one, but that's it. But then what do you expect from Oscars which can ignore a movie like Dark Knight? Or which can award a hideous Chicago best picture in place of the Pianist? I think this time the tradition will be followed. And I'm aghast by the overwhelming approval by western audiencesget a life, guys and leave India alone if you cant portray it correctly.

What is wrong with everyone? I see absolutely nothing of value in a movie that shows non-stop violence and horrific abuse. 99% of the abuse shown is toward children; which is incredibly disturbing. AND it is constant. The slums are horrifying. The camera pans the slums while showing adults and children being constantly abused. Children always running in fear. Throughout the whole movie you will see every kind of abuse that evil thinking can imagine.The accolades that Danny Boyle is receiving are totally beyond my logic and understanding. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, ever. I so wish I wasn't talked into seeing it. If I were in that situation again, I would definitely walk out. It was a horror to sit through. The movie definitely would turn one off to ever visiting India.

I've just been looking at the IMDb top 250 films and was amazed and shocked to see that Slumdog Millionaire is ranked at #46 in the best films of all time!!! The only question I have to ask is why?? I went to see this film full of anticipation and excitement, not only because its a British film with a British director, but because I hadn't read one bad review or heard anybody say anything remotely negative about it. I'm very sad to say that I've never been more disappointed in my whole life (with the exception of the recent Star Wars films).I'm not saying that the acting is bad because it's not, its actually very good. I'm not saying that the direction or the cinematography is bad because its not, the film moves at a nice pace and is beautifully made. It shows India in all its magnificent glory and gives an in depth view of the poverty that many of its people, especially children, have to endure. The music is good and it has the "feel good factor" that i had been reading about for months before seeing it.What I couldn't believe was how predictable it all was. I was under no illusions from 5 minutes into the film that the main character was going to win the money and get the girl and it made the whole experience incredibly boring. It was a journey through a series of bumpy, unbelievable stories and situations that eventually (2hrs later) culminated in the downtrodden hero winning a fortune and ending up with the girl, yawn!!! Lets be honest here too, the girl was stunning and wouldn't have looked twice at the big eared, geeky main character.I feel bad writing this review because its the first time I have written about a film on IMDb and I would love to write something positive. Unfortunately, I can't sit back and see this film rated as one of the best ever when in reality its no better than one of those 50's Disney films where you know exactly whats going to happen from the start but you watch it because it makes you feel warm and fluffy inside.I'm astonished it won best film and best director at the Oscars because it's a well made, straight to DVD film at best. I'm giving it 1 out of 10 for the simple reason that this film doesn't deserve to be in the top 250 of anything and I'm hoping that my score brings it's average down. If I wasn't scoring it based on this decision I would give it 4 out of 10 and thats being generous.

Or never pay 11 bucks for it again, anyway. All I've heard was good things about this movie and assumed it would be $11 well spent. Well, so much for that.This movie is a "boy meets girl" fairy tale story, and I don't mean that in a good way. I know it's supposed to be uplifting and heartwarming but it rings hollow. It's based on nothing more than a gimmick. Seriously, this movie is about a series of improbable events and the rationale by which we're to believe it all is that it's destiny. And, the thing is, I'd buy into it if I could buy that the two characters (boy and girl) had any sort of chemistry. But they don't.To sum up as briefly as possible: boy meets girl (who, along with his brother, is orphaned at a young age), then boy loses girl. Luckily, some years later, boy finds girl again. But, since his brother is a dick, he loses girl again (he loses contact with his brother as well). Some years after that, he is able to find her again (as well as his brother), but things are complicated. She has somehow fallen in with the wrong crowd and is married to a gangster, who then whisks her away, so boy again loses girl. But he doesn't give up and gets the idea to go on the popular game show "Who Wants to Me a Millionaire," which, he reasons, she'll be watching.He then goes on the show and answers all but the last question before the show's hour is over. He then ends up at the police station where he is roughly interrogated on suspicion of cheating. It is this point at which the movie starts, and we are then given the rest of the story alluded to above via flashbacks. That is the film's narrative device, to show each question and flashing back to the point where the boy got the answer (except for a few questions for which he uses his lifelines). Turns out, each answer was gotten in the same order as the questions on the show.As you can probably imagine, yes it's all HIGHLY improbable. ASTRONOMICALLY improbable even. But hey, it's DESTINY and the girl actually does come to watch the live broadcast of the game show and even ends up being one of his lifelines! (Although she doesn't know the answer  more on this later) Then they meet at an oddly empty train station, declare their love for each other and touch lips. Then they, and a bunch of mysteriously appearing other people, go into a funky Bollywood dance number over the end credits. YAY! Except not YAY! BOO! Again, I think I'd be willing to buy this fairy tale if the love angle between the boy and girl was in any way believable. But I didn't see it, feel it or believe it for a second. The characters barely had time to know each other. When the two first meet, they're about seven years old, i.e. a while before puberty, and together for a few days at best before they are separated. When they are reunited a few years lager, they are together for perhaps an even shorter time. When they meet still later, well the girl is hot, but the chemistry between the two still fails to come through, mostly because it's never adequately established before this. The fact that the two characters (as well as Salim) are played by three sets of actors (young, older, oldest) doesn't help. Thus the message of destiny ultimately falls flat.The movie even poses a multiple choice question asking how Jamal could have known the answers to the WWTBAM questions. Choice A was "he cheated," choice D, "it is written" (I forget what the other two were). When I saw this, I had no idea that the answer would actually turn out to be D, "it's written." Yep, it's written alright. And do you know where it is written? In the script. I'm sorry to say, it really doesn't go any deeper than that.

After seeing this movie in theaters, I found it to be quite mediocre at best.It's a completely tired story with clichés left and right. The only thing that separates it from a pile of otherwise identical plots is that it involves poor Indian characters...Walking out of the theater, ESPECIALLY after that ridiculous dance scene, I thought this film to be a 6/10 at its very best.As time went by, this pedantic film got nominated for a bunch of Oscars... I was sorely disappointed.Then the craziest thing happened, and it won best picture as well as a ton of other Oscars. Now it's even #60 of all time here.This pains me... a lot. I had no idea such a terrible movie could play the race card and win best picture.

when i saw the movie i felt so cheated by the movie reviews,its really a depressing movie.except for the background score which is OK compared to rehaman's work in earlier movies like (lagaan,dilse,guru) etc.and the performance of the child actors were amazing.other than that there is nothing great about the movie. some scenes in the movie are too disturbing and they project India and Indians in a really bad way. especially the instance when a US tourist car is looted and the driver hits Jamaal,and the US lady offering some dollars to Jamaal saying this is what US is!(sooooo unreal) this movie is nothing but a depiction of everything that is ugly about India and is just every scrap and dirt picked up from every corner and piled up together to try and hit back at the growing might of India. and it is hard to digest seeing the young actors speaking in English. definitely not worth watching.

This movie was a super duper cliché, predictable and obvious. It seemed to be going by the typical cinematic formula. A young kid suffers, and is the underdog that we (as the audience) all root for--he is an honest kid with a heart of gold who must go through tragedy after tragedy---and at the end of the movie--he finds love and millions of dollars. How can we even "feel" for these characters when we never even get to know them (besides the fact that they've been through so much). So at the end it doesn't matter one way or another whether he lives or dies. WHy? because I didn't really care for any of them. Why? because we never go to know them. There was no depth to these people , and to this movie. It didn't touch my heart, it didn't move me. It seemed to be more about the way it looked (cinematography, editing, etc). Therefore, it was more flash than anything profound. And too many scenes were trying too hard---they were trying to be "cutesy", for example, the toilet scene with the little kid when he's covered in feces---sorry, but I did not find it funny or cute. Actually, didn't evoke anything for me--but I could tell the movie desperately wanted the audiences to laugh out loud. Also, the chili pepper scene (when the little kid get's it thrown in his privates) again, not funny or cute, just kinda like "whatever"-an if anything, it annoyed me because I could tell the movie was trying too hard. Plus, the whole "black an white" thing where there's the "bad evil" characters--an the "good" characters is just nonsense--life is gray, not black an white. The whole "WHo wants to be a millionaire" thing is just a gimmick Danny Boyle used to catch the attention of people--and use it an fairytale way. The premise is very far fetched. The whole movie is contrived. It's very 'on the surface'. If u want to see a real movie--with a third world topic--check out, "City of God". Believe me you will see the difference between a good movie and a bad one.

Danny Boyle. This guy who looks like a rat should have done the scene that shows a kid covered with excreta getting an autograph from the likeness of Amitab Bachchan must be the most disgusting scene ever filmed in the history of motion picture. Why would an Icon like Amitab Bachchan (if he has any self respect or dignity left after this movie,) give permission for his likeness to be used in this scene? I never seen a human being so libeled or shown in bad-light as in this movie. The script should never have been passed (eg."the lazy Indian who wrote the history of Taj Mahal") Has anyone with any decency or any shame pass a script with dialog like this? Then there is this maggot screenwriter (and lazy scum) screenwriter, whose dialogs are in the same caliber as the "excreta scene". The kids have acted well (rather been exploited well, The only money they probably got, was the money and coca cola given them to them in the movie. The teenagers are the worst set of actors I have seen. If you want to see a good Indian movie that truly depicts the slums, poverty and still brings out the positives in them, Madhur Bhandarkar's "Traffic Signal".The director of this movie should wash Bhandarkar's feet and drink it-may be, he will get some talent by osmosis. The main lead is OK actor-he is not Oscar material. The actress (it is apparent that the second biggest cinema industry has dearth of actresses-so she'd to be imported) has no skills. As far A.R. Rahman this is not his best work-listen to the music of "Swades" and "Jodha Akbar". This is what happens when when you let two scums who are given a free ride in a place where there are no child labor laws. This is not a movie, but more like a collection of clips haphazardly put together with no sense of story-telling or continuity. It's obvious that the movie is made for the sake of making quick bucks by exploiting the children and the poor. I am in total disbelief this has been passed by the Indian Censors. Since this producer pig eats human excreta he and his screenwriter should dip themselves in excreta and run to accept the Oscar's (which seems to be inevitable-judging by the hype.) The Oscar Committee and the audience will be pinching their nose from the "Stench of Film-Making" these two have generated.The word "Unjust Enrichment" applies to the producers of this Film. If they have any remorse, any conscious, instead of rationalizing and finding an excuse to keep the money, they should give the profits back to the "children of this world" who have been victims of exploitation (child prostitution,child labor,scams,denied opportunities etc,etc) since it only takes "A Dollar A Day" to feed a child in India, Africa and the rest of the impoverished World. These children are dying at the same rate as this movie is raking the money at the Box office.

Kudos Danny! This film is the best film I've seen all year. Hands down. It's brilliantly directed, the casting and performances are superb, the story is both riveting and heart warming. The locations are mind bending and the realities of life in modern India are both fascinating and appalling. It's a shocking, thought provoking, make-you-feel-good- to-be-alive kind of film. The audience broke into applause at the DGA screening. Every one I heard leaving the theater said, "best movie of the year." This is the "CRASH" of 2009. I think word of mouth will give it lift off! Too bad it's a limited run. Somebody need to get behind this movie, if for no other reason than it has all the makings of a great, classic feel everything movie.Thank you Danny and all involved. You made magic!

Just finished seeing this movie. Kept wondering why this film got such much good reviews and Oscar awards, beats me. From the start the storyline is so predictable, the boy is able to answer every question because of life incidents. One more question and a flashback to show how the boy knew the answer from real-life incidents. If such films with illogical scenes can win Oscars, then I doubt the quality of evaluation.The plot is so weak that bad guys are after the male and female leads who are the only good characters in the whole film, so unnatural. Its more like a fairytale or folklore story or a B grade popcorn movie and not something deserving a Oscar or classical status. Only exception being male lead's brother role, this character has depth and to an extent properly developed and has shades of real-life.The incidents are also so dramatic and cinematic like slum-kids in India speaking fluent English. It may be possible after the kid turns adult but not as kid. Also the scenes in which foreign tourists asking small kids to explain them about Taj Mahal.Being Indian, I amn't offended that slum areas are shown, slums exist everywhere and even otherwise lot of tourists see India they know about it and they have seen the difference in India when compared to the past 10 or 15years.The only part that I liked in this film is the innocent kids and their good acting in the first part. The kids would have deserve awards.

It is rather bizarre that this inane flick is currently at spot 205 in the IMDb top 250 list. It may be because these days it has become a fashion to trash the strong homogeneous cultures of developing economies. This is the reason why so many films are being made which try to belittle booming economies of Brazil, Russia, China and India. Slumdog Millionaire is one such film which is a half baked attempt to mix realism with social message. It fails on both counts. The biggest fault one can find with Danny Boyle's film is that it looks at poverty, poor kids only from an exploitation angle. This is the reason why so many negative scenes about poverty have been put in order to create a sensationalist approach. This can work wonders for those foreigners who have always looked upon India with their myopic eyes full of contempt. One can be sure that things would have been different if a solution angle had been applied to the film's narrative. The vision of Danny Boyle is so conceited that he feels that "Slumdog Millionaire" is his prerogative to suggest that India is nothing but a land of poor people where snake charmers merely rub shoulders with hungry elephants and crime is the only thing which pays. Slumdog Millionaire is a trashy film which will please only those who choose to ignore the real beauty of India. It is a sad fact that Danny Boyle has been able to fool people in the west. His real test will take place when his film is shown in Indian cinema halls where it would surely be trashed as a stupid white man's discriminatory vision of India's misery. It would meet the same fate as that of Mira Nair's "Salaam Bombay" when it bombed miserably at Indian box office after being shown for commercial distribution.

First, I'll get out of the way what did work in this film. One, the scenery and cinematography. Two, though cleaned up, the abject squalor one sees in India, even in areas of prosperity. Three, that the audience is shown, for the most part, how Jamal knows the answers for most of the questions. That aspect of the film I really liked, and how his past was revealed through these questions. Otherwise, this film was a mess. First off, I found this movie one of the most boring films I have ever seen. I had no sympathy for any of the characters, even though we get a decent back story on the 3 main characters. None elicited any emotions from me whatsoever. The acting was sluggish, and for the most part, actually quite bad, and by most everyone in the film. I could see why the production company had so much press, even negative, to promote this movie. Another problem I had was that for a lot of the Hindi spoken we did not get subtitles, and some of it was important to the story. And though I noticed that all these uneducated, lower caste people spoke such good English, for some reason this did not bother me. Much. A "smart" street kid would learn a major language; otherwise, how else to survive? Well, that's how I saw it. And I waited a long time (Netflix) to get this movie, only to take 5 hours to get through it. It's a basic love story (for a girl; for one's brother; for one's life), and a story of how even the lowest can "make it" (have to have that happy ending you know), so if you want that, then this is the movie for you.

The Who wants to be millionaire? theme wasn't necessary and it seems to me that it was included in the whole movie just to give it an unique approach that is not that unique after all. This movie is just another display of exaggerated social misery that may be true in the real world but in really extreme cases. This type of movies appear a lot in Latin American productions and they tend to show the same excessive social problems throwing out the worst of its society when it is actually very different in reality.I think this kinds of movies are meant to show the worst of certain cultures and their success are given by the misunderstanding or insufficient knowledge about these cultures' reality.

Though the movie was commendable in portraying the real India, but the script was all too dreamy to cast any effect on the viewers. It was clearly evident that it is made by foreign guys who only knew one thing about India that it is poor and poor people abuse. Direction was good and so was the camera work. The kids who portrayed the younger version were so brilliant that you won't believe that they are kids. Though the main character was well chosen but I guess the casting people were too busy on the lead that they forgot to take interest on other characters.The script had too many loopholes but I guess the slum-boy turning to millionaire sympathy saved the movie. Overall it is a nice entertainment with some excellent music score by A.R. Rehman, but don't go expecting too much while watching the movie. Overall I will give only 6/10 to this movie with credits to the lead actor, direction, music and excellent camera work and the producers should blame the script writers and poor casting for loosing the magic figure of 10/10

I am a Indian who watched the movie. I find this movie highly offensive. It plays into the "Indian stereotype" by Americans/Britishers. It shows India as a very very poor country, with the only job to riches being as customer service representative to Americans. In one scene it shows child beating and declaring it as "Real India" and an American on the scene giving the beaten child $100 note and declaring it as "Real America". Well, if Boyle made a movie on the filth of America exposed by hurricane Katrina and declare it as "Real America", do you think Americans would have accepted this movie and nominated the movie for Golden Globe and possibly Oscars?

This film was terrible, am a Indian who watched the movie. I find this movie rubbish. It plays into the "Indian stereotype" It shows India as a very very poor country, with the only job to riches being as customer service representative to Americans. This movie and nominated the movie for Golden Globe and possibly Oscars? Is there a rule within the Oscars where as no Asian film director is allowed to win an Oscar for a South Asian Movie? Because it seems to me that only White Directors are allowed to win? Bollywood is one of the Biggest Film Industries within the world with fantastic creative film directors who would not even get a look through the door at the Oscars, yet here comes a white film director, who has no Idea about Indian Culture, Indian films and now he and his moron writer are getting credited in making a Bollywood film? It just seems ironic that a foreign film director is getting accolade for a Bollywood film? It seems rather racist to me. What about great film directors like Mani Rattman, Ram Gopal Varma, Satyajit Ray, Raj Kapoor, the list is endless..... They have all made fantastic Movies. Yet never credited? Amir Khans Lagaan, and Devdas? Its not even a matter of the film director being White is just seems fake! Oscar accolade is fake! He should be ashamed of even excepting the award.Selling of world stupid ideas of poverty, that the Western view of any "third world countries".Danny Boyle doesn't even do justice to the Bollywod tradition of film making.If this film was made by am South Asian filmmaker, then western media would simply reject it straightaway calling it Bollywood and rubbish. But this is not the case here.Its made by a white filmmaker, and this is why it gets me so angry. Only a few months ago this film was destined to straight to Video but now its getting press for no reason at all! I also know that the Bollywood directors in India are really unhappy crying in their sleep by this director receiving all these international accolades.Non-white film directors cant win Oscars.You cannot ever win an Oscar because you are not a white. As simple as that. Only white directors are allowed to make films in South Asia, Africa etc etc.A nonsense film and it just goes to show how Racist the Oscars really are.Its just sad and i hope the industry starts to realise that there are good film directors in the world that are not white you know. 1-10

moronic, predictable, disgusting, with every moment drawn out teased out ad naseum, with possibly the all time worst performance by a lead actor in a feature film, utter drivel, crap, I just sat through a packed house screening of this film in LA after which the audience applauded and could only ask myself "how stupid can people be?!" I have to admit there have been a dozen or so movies that have left me feeling "this might be the worst film I have ever seen" but I honestly think this one absolutely takes the cake... TOTAL GARBAGE!!My review doesn't contain enough lines... but I can't think of anything to add. . . of course it's doing great at the awards ceremonies. . . it's like... such is the state of the world. . . Obama help us!

I find the movie extremely offensive and racist. It shows Indian culture as bankrupt and evil. There isn't a single good Indian person in that movie. Every character in the movie is mean, ugly, corrupt, evil with no moral values. Is it only a coincidence that the only person nice to kid was a white American? I have had people ask me if India is like that? You can see comments in you-tube under India's version of Who wants to a millionaire that says "what corrupt country gets its own contestant beaten up by police"? Mission Accomplished for the British director and his cronies. Do you guys really believe India is such a morally bankrupt society? Did these guys ever see the Indian version of the show before they made the movie? The host is extremely warm and welcoming (not condescending as portrayed in the movie). And why would any audience laugh at those condescending remarks??? And what is so uplifting about this movie? It is extremely violent and depressing. How come the west likes to see only movies that show abject poverty and misery? This movie is made by a westerner for a western audience so that they can feel good about themselves. Pathetic!

I am writing this comment as a Russian person who regularly travels to India,Eurupe and USA.So I know the tastes of people from all these regions.My vote for this film is a big zero out of ten.The reason why I am giving it a zero is simple.This piece of madness is an attempt to denigrate the dignity of India and Indian people especially slums. Indian people are very tolerant and they are known for their artistic tastes.No one in India protested when Sir Richard Attenborough made a classic film called "Gandhi" in 1982.That was a film made by a British film.Many people in the world still admire that film for the vivid and honest description of India.Danny Boyle is also an Englishman and even this film's writer Simon Beaufoy is an English but it is a shame they way they have twisted facts to show India in a very bad light.They have completely mutilated the original material which is present in Indian diplomat Vikas Swarup's book Q and A.Since a score of zero is not available,I am giving it a one our of ten as it is a really awful movie.Let me also state why this film is being liked by people in US,UK and elsewhere.Slumdog has come out at a time when Hollywood has almost run out of ideas and India is a big market for American and British products.So this movie is just a tool for Americans and Britishers to put India in a bad light to impose their ideas on Indian audience.

Its not surprising to win awards by selling poverty from developing nations, rather it is a cheap trick. This has been done from various others such as Satyajit Roy, Mrinal Sen from India and now Danny from Britain. I am not saying they were/are not good directors, but only when they make films on poverty their piece of art gets an award.An award is much dependent upon the jury members and their background. If the jury members were from developing nations it may not have been even noticed.It is perhaps not incorrect to say that some countries are poor because some others are rich. Giving awards for depicting so called reality would not serve any good to the real cause. It will only make someone richer by selling the poverty of someone else."The whole build-up of hype around the movie reminds one of the new-found appreciation of Miss World and Miss Universe organisers towards Indian beauty after India's economy was liberalized to allow international cosmetic giants to sell their wares in India,"

Slumdog Millionaire tells a fairy tale of a young Indian "slumdog" (i. e. slum dweller) who wins his childhood love, alongside a handsome cash prize of two million rupees, through the Indian edition of the internationally popular game show "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?". With each question, we get to see another chapter from his life, starting as a young kid working on a skip, until we return to the present of him working as a humble chai wallah (the Indian male version of a tea and cakes lady) in a call center.I'm a big fan of Danny Boyle, and as usual his visual style packs a lot of punch. But this time the story is terribly thin and cheesy. Romantic as it may be, I don't buy that someone can fall in love at the age of about 6, and for this love to work when he's a young man. And I don't buy that someone who barely learned to read and write can win the jackpot at WWTBAM.That's not "modern fairy tale", that's just bad storytelling. Sorry.

Yes, while this was an interesting movie, it is not one of the best of all time. What is good about this movie is that it shows a descent film can be made without lots of animation and special effects, the acting was what made it an above average movie. The fatal flaw in my opinion is the lag, the detail and side stories had some parts that just drug. I think the editing could have been better as it seems that some parts were excluded, and others included that were backwards. A lot could have been edited out, yet there were just some topics that were glossed over I would have liked to have had some of those topics at least covered.

If the lowest vote were 0 then I would have given it to this stupid flick which has been giving innocent viewers strange ideas about poor people and India.I am really wondering why this stupid movie is compared to a classic of Brazilian cinema "City of God".To my mind it is a very false and incorrect notion.City of God was an absolute Brazilian production with Brazilian setting,Brazilian cast,Brazilian crew.Everything about it was Brazilian in nature.This film is an UK/US co production.It is made by an English man.Its producer Christian Colson is a Briton.The only thing that is Indian is its cast of poor children who must have given a couple of chocolates and a glass of cola to act.Danny Boyle has made a film which does no justice neither to Hollywood nor to Indian cinema.This is the reason why a lot of Indian people are finding his film to be an insult to their country. Danny Boyle has made enough number of bad films in his short career.After this flop film,he should retire and do "Punch and Judy" show.

Overly sentimental, anything but credible and ridiculously over-hyped, this petty excuse of a movie managed to reel in a multitude of Oscars. I have to admit I wasn't exactly bored while watching it, but a second viewing just isn't going to happen.The storyline's a wash - to name just one inconsistency, as Salman Rushdie pointed out: from Bombay to the Taj Mahal by jumping a train? Really? -, the actors don't bring anything truly endearing or sympathetic to their characters, and the 'award-winning' music is more often a nuisance than an extra to the whole movie-going experience. Don't get me wrong: I love M.I.A., for instance, but for the biggest part it just didn't work for me.In fact, the only virtues of this film are the often astonishing landscapes, the energetic, yet dynamic camera work and the rhythmic, punctual direction. But you simply cannot make a good movie out of those three elements - except if you wanna go all 'Koyaanisqatsi', which I love. But they didn't.Hence: six out of ten.P.S.: To be completely honest, I would probably rate this a seven, seven and a half tops if it weren't for the suffocating hype surrounding the film, but I feel like bringing the overall score down a notch in my own humble way, because 'Slumdog' simply doesn't deserve such a high rating. I mean: Top 250? No.Let's just wait and see who will remember this film in three to five years' time.

I was SO excited to finally see this Oscar-nominated movie, and actually enjoyed it until about 30 before its ending. Then it shot downhill so badly my heart sunk with disappointment. I like Danny Boyle movies and have never been disappointed in his work until "Slumdog." The movie started out deliciously compelling and dark. The movie ended like silly, fluffy,contrived Hollywood (Bollywood?) schlock with the "perfect" ending, completely ruining the rough edginess of its beginning. Could the ending when Lativa met Jamal at the train station have been any more corny or clichéd? And how realistic that they were the ONLY two people on the platform. What was the deal with the stupid dancing scene during the ending credits? Was I watching a suspenseful drama or a Judd Apatow comedy? What happened to the Danny Boyle that did the masterful Trainspotting? I'd like him back, please.

I'm sorry but i have been studying film since i was 7 years old. And i personally believe that this film was BS. It was a tooty fruity human rights film and i am absolutely appalled by the fact that it has gotten this much attention. Yes i get it India has problems but so what!i believe a film not a movie but a FILM appeals to people because beyond the desire to be entertained we want to be able to connect. In order for this to be achieved the primary motivator of the story has to be the characters personal struggle. If not- and it's the plot working as the primary motivator than it is in fact a blockbuster- Jaws, Star Wars, Legally Blonde etc. don't get me wrong i love a healthy dose of blockbusters but I'm aware of the difference and trust me there IS one.But films - Schindlers list, Fight Club, Gladiator, Terms of Endearment, The Duchess, Breakfast at Tiffanies, Lost in Translation, the Squid and the Whale- these are all films that allow you to connect with someone- films that offer depth, and analysis of the human condition. And i do not believe that Slumdog Millionaire does this AT ALL. so if it wins best picture in the Academy Awards i will have lost faith in peoples ability to tell the difference.

Saw this movie because 1) I am an Indian 2) The then IMDb ranking was a #42 in the Top 250 films ever ! I was like wow... I should catch this.. only to be utterly disappointed at the end. The reasons are very simple.If you're an international audience, i.e anyone not Indian, you would love this movie for it has so much of India in it , the poverty part of Mumbai/India especially and a novel way of explaining a related story of a TV show (Millionaire) so widely popular in the world. The premise is brimming with potential. A slum kid rises above fate to win Kaun Banega Crorepati (Indian version of Millionaire) -- the sets are ditto, as is the background music for the show -- and the love of his life. He is helped by destiny, as each of the questions on the quiz show is linked to an event in his life. Wow.On the other hand, if you're an Indian, 9 out of 10 chances that you would agree with the following : The execution falls very flat because of two basic flaws: The language barrier, and a wishy washy Bollywood story line. Read on.We flashback to the slum kid as a child diving into potty -- isn't once enough, given that Boyle's gritty and edgy Trainspotting featured such a nauseating scene too? -- to get Amitabh Bachchan's autograph. For all the Amitabh-crazed fans, maybe the mega-star does oblige children caked in excreta; be sure to try it the next time .And then, the kids (who deliver heart-warming performances, faring way better than those who play their adult avatars) and his brother speak in Hindi, and suddenly when they turn adolescent they start talking in flawless English. Huh? Well that's because the film is meant for a world audience, and you can't have an entire film in subtitles, you might say. Fine, but then why do the police officers have to speak 'Indian' English and why does the 'slumdog' have an accent? And no, a semi-literate office help in a call center does not develop an accent.In fact, a lot of the 'how he knows the answers' flashbacks are too contrived. Sample this, Jamal knows Samuel Colt invented the revolver because Salim got a gun -- it is never explained how -- and shot dead the vile man who heads the beggars' racket. In my hometown, the pistol goes by monikers like 'machine' in the netherworld; I doubt the average under-aged Mumbai underworld operative knows a Colt 45, or Samuel Colt. The first gun is usually what is called a 'country' revolver.And then there is the stereotyped, half-baked, black and white characterization, almost bar none. For example, Prem Kumar (Anil Kapoor ), the KBC host, is the typical villain who taunts the chai-wallah on his show; and the audience joins in with jeering laughter. Agreed, slum children get life's rawest deal, but not on live television. What is the director thinking ? No REALLY ! It is also not explained just why Prem goes after Jamal with such malice, beyond a muttered 'It's my show'. I can go on and on -- like point out that call centers serving customers in Scotland don't keep telephone directories of Indian cities accessible at the click of a button, and that mobile phones are not listed in telephone directories yet (that's how Jamal finds his brother again) -- but the point is that Slumdog Millionaire is miles short of what I had expected it to be.The really key events, the struggles of survival, are glossed over, and instead we get montage (albeit beautiful) shots hurrying towards a climax that leaves you untouched. A R Rahman's music is good, but not the master's best. But then, maybe on second hearing it will grow on you.I have no problems with the 'West' taking up themes of poverty and highlighting the real India. I can completely understand a foreigner being obsessed with the filth and the poverty -- I too was stunned by the plight of the homeless in New York -- of India. I thought Slumdog is brilliantly shot, and I am willing to forgive Ram dressed as a mix between Shiva and Krishna in a foreign film.But I do have a problem with a story that pretends to be real when in reality it is just a mas-ala film -- the kind we churn out by the dozens in Bollywood.Yes, Slumdog Millionaire is just superficial fluff, mainly because of its gaping plot holes. It should have been much better researched, and they really should have stuck to one language.Maybe the makers -- and half the world, apparently -- believe they have married Bollywood escapism with Western sensibilities, but it is not a match made in cinema heaven. It is more along the lines of 1970s Bollywood tear-jerker, the kind where the hero transforms from street urchin to gang lord in one running shot and where long-lost brothers are reunited by tattoos.Blame it on the hype.

Slumdog Millionaire has its merits. It shows the reality in India: the misery, the super population problem, the absence of public hygiene politics, the unprepared police, the children's exploitation. The movie has an original editing and a good photography. The young actors did quite a good job too.As for the storyline, I think it doesn't surprise anyone. The love story, the bad brother vs the good brother, the redemption of the bad, and the "it's written" conclusion are all very cliché.Anyway, I'm happy for a non-American movie achieving this kind of success. I think it's time to recognize that there are good movies outside Hollywood.

I wanted to see this movie for ages seeing the hype it received in many international film festivals.And I must say, while not being exactly a letdown, it did not seem to quite justify the hype.The film is modern taken on the rags-to-riches story set in Bombay,India.The bad things about the story first: The film is very predictable,you can tell the whole story of the film in approximately 10 mins.All the characters are either black or white,excepting the hero's brother.The climax was a let down,typical of bollywood films(a frantic climax where somehow everything becomes right!).And as an Indian, yes,i did find the part about "real America" offensive.Inspite of these faults,the film does strike a chord in one's heart.The cinematography is brilliant,the city of Bombay is presented in a whole new light,one can see beauty amidst squalor.A.R Rahman's music adds to the mood of the film.And finally,the movie is a triumph of human spirit,of fighting against the odds and yet surviving,and for projecting this superbly,this movie is worth a watch.No marks for plausibility though,but as the movie says " Some things are written,are meant to be".Go watch it,but put your cynical self to rest.All in all , i felt the movie was good but not worth all the Oscar hype it is getting.There are better movies coming out of bollywood then this movie

A great movie! The movie's cinematography is excellent. I love the movie for its authenticity. The Mumbai slums and Indian conditions are shown brilliantly. The actors were also brilliant, specially the child actors. There is good work by bollywood stars like Anil Kapoor and Irrfan Khan. In my opinion, the movie does justice to Vikas Swarup's Q&A(the novel it is based on).I had never really got hold of this 'destiny' or 'bhagya' thing. But this movie showed me how people can hold on their beliefs of destiny and move on after so bad things have happened. Destiny is a way of life.

After delivering an overly contrived, utterly plain and ultimately boring movie, what else would any respecting director do but lick his wounds and hope nobody notices. But for Danny Boyle - his joke worked!He fooled the movie world into thinking Slumdog is anything of anything at all! He must be amazed at how easily a badly written badly acted pretend Bollywood fare is taken as award-ready 'art'! Well, good for him, but woe the rest of us of having to put up with the silly hype over nothing at all...yawn...and the Globes and BAFTA takes another steady slide down the path to irrelevance... with every chance the Oscar would go likewise... oh well, in the end... things bland and plain prevail.

The problem i had with the film Slumdog Millionaire was i figured out the plot within 5 minutes of entering the cinema , also i am not a fan of who wants to be millionaire matter of fact i hate it and the acting was good but i felt this film has been over hyped.The film was no gem , Latika acting was shocking and some scenes were not necessary . Also this film is nothing like city of god that was a masterpiece and this was a waste of time. The real thing which annoyed me was the credits where everyone began dancing which just made me feel as i had watched a comedy which was not funny.Overall i felt Dev Pantel was the star of the show but the film well just was my sort of film more of an action person then feel good films as this one made me feel bad .

My vote for this piece of junk is 0 out of 10.It is a politically incorrect film as its title is an insult to poor people who live in slums.Simon Beaufoy has done a bad job by mocking poor people.It is my guess that he did all this to influence audiences as the title of the original book written by Vikas Swarup is Q & A There is nothing worth seeing as Danny Boyle has copied Bollywood style of making films.His film is also a stupid flick as he has put famous Indian monument to win praises from White people who go to India only to see that monument.The entire flick is fit only to be a television soap opera.This film will not benefit Hindi cinema of India as Hollywood will always typecast Indian actors as they have been doing with actors from Hong Kong.This is a film whose success in the west will surely assure that not many tourists go to India as no one would want to go there to see poverty,crime and discrimination.This film is a kind of artistic terrorism.Stay away from it as you have been warned about its dangers.

Awarding this movie clearly shows the mental downfall of the Academy awards. The idea in movie was not bad but the presentation is very very absurd. Actually so called "Bollywood" is making these kind of films for last 60 years but very few movies are good and rational, the reason ? few people know that a primitive society is dominated over Indian cinema and for last 60 years and they are presenting the cheap, foolish and corrupt ideas which has become ENTERTAINMENT in this country.Mr. Danny Boyle just cut copied the same idea. I believe it is the worst work of the 21st century and especially in the history of Academy awards.The energy behind this movie is evil that will corrupt the intellectual work for next 50 years.

Good movie, but Christ, it is over rated. It shouldn't get best picture, it really was not that entirely original or innovative. I am just so upset because it was good, maybe even great, but it was not anything that should win best picture or be in the top 30 movies of all time...I mean, seriously, the top 30? Wow, there are so many better films than this. There was not any part in it where I stopped and was like, "That's great, never been done before or at least has never been done that well." I don't know, even the ending was like, what the hell? I guess you could call it fairy-tale, because it definitely was not realistic...it didn't even really follow the themes of the movie, that greed and money is not what's important. He should have lost and felt content anyway because he got his love, it would have better made the point I suppose.

I can't say this movie is so much awful as it is unappetizing and uninteresting. Unattractive characters, contrived situations, uninspired direction, unintelligible dialog, it's all there.Truly, awarding this movie "Best Picture" marks the end of the American Academy and any claims it had to intellectual or creative integrity. It shows that an institution as venerable as the Academy is completely capable of rotting from the inside, largely thanks to the younger members. How pathetic that millions of viewers have been scammed by this pretentious mess.

It's astonishing to see how ghastly efficient the propaganda machine of the movie business operates these days. I can't wait to read the first post doctorates on the study of how the whole world was manipulated into wholeheartedly believe that this atrociously saccharine Bollywood snoozer is worth even a single nomination, aside from a couple of razzies that is.Watching this pathetic excuse for entertainment being drowned in acclaim, it made me wonder how all those professional movie critics somehow managed to forget the vast legacy of western cinema before they almost unanimously crawled up the arse of one D. Boyle and his snotty little film.You can almost forgive them, but then you realize that it's actually their job to tell you what I'm telling you now. The Academy Awards have turned into a Schmaltzolympics by favoring this sort of totally unimpressive and manipulative dross we all look down on the rest of the year. And people are sheep. But what else is new.Bah!

Warning-This review contains spoilers. What a bad movie this was and it received 8 Oscars.how dumb can people be.the entire movie is just crap.I would like to ask people who liked this movie to consider the following facts: 1)how is it possible that all the questions asked to the boy have happened in his life? 2)and if it did,how did it happen in exact chronological order? 3)anyone with general knowledge knows that people in slums don't go to school.how did the people from the slums of India begin talking English,while they've never been to school 4)why did the guy in the end choose to die in a tub with money rather than escaping.I challenge everyone who liked this movie to answer my questions

Well I've seen the reviews and comments posted about how good the movie is and how scary really is the Mumbai slums. There are many things about this movie which didn't go down really well with me 1. The depiction of slums and there lives(You thought it was real, well the real misery is more then what got depicted however whatever depiction that was done was needless) 2. The movie is just like any other Bollywood movie with lots of twists and turns that looks magical and audience is made to believe that its destiny.3. Rehman is a true genius, but this is not his best musical work. Try movies like Roja, Bombay or even the latest Delhi 6.I Appreciate the director for coming and making a movie in India, however India is not only about Slums and Dog.I would have loved the movie if it hadn't got lost is trying to portray so called the reality of Indian slums.India is challenge, its a developing economy and unlike any other developing country it has its own problem, but then an outsider trying to come and show this misery to outside world is nothing but a fake attempt.

Danny Boyle does it again. Wows the critics with stylised nonsense then goes home to gel his hair like Morrissey's.Went to see Slumdog Billionaire after reading rave reviews. Big mistake, what I got was "cool camera angles", hip bhangra soundtrack to tiresome montages, characters that live in dire poverty but somehow manage to "dig deep" so as to act playfully out of character when the next collection of critic-duping-cool-shots requires it (see 28 Days Later/Trainspotting for further examples of this, who's the director of those again?).I give this film 2 stars, one star because I bought into the overly manipulated positive end, basically the kid wins big and the nation is uplifted, and the other star for the authentic location, Bombay. I also liked the cheesy game show host but he's not worth a star.The contrivances in this film belong in an Eastenders Christmas Special, they were so bad. Do they not pre-record Millionaire in India? The fact that he used his "phone a friend" lifeline to call his "gansta" brother, only for his brother to have donated his phone to his long lost childhood sweetheart (who happens to be a drop-dead gorgeous super-babe brought up in the slums) who just so happens to be caught in gridlock traffic on her way to the studio to see Jamal. So when the game-show calls the brother to ask a question about the 3 Musketeers, her phone rings, she answers, he recognises her voice, there is a silence, like two yearning soul-mates reconnecting after years of painful separation. (even though you only have 30 seconds to ask the question and give the four possible answers).And the very end, sprint for the sick bag please, and what was with that stupid end credits dance sequence? I know you're meant to give dramatic licence to a film and suspend some semblance of reality but come on! Danny Boyle should stand trial for this disgrace.Jamal is the chief protagonist by the way.

Amidst of all the award hypes it managed to create in the first of half this year,i wanted to see this movie..and boy,i just started to wonder,even such a trash like this could manage to get this kind of attention from all over the world...first of all the story premise was weak and impossible...besides most of Indian characters portrayed in this film are cruel and rude..either they blind slum children and make them beggars or beat the contestant of their own show..and given a white man's picture of India, Indians either live in slums or decently dressed and work in call centres for American companies..This film has portrayed India as a corrupt,wicked country with cruelty running deep in the society...You know why, even Indian's are celebrating this movie's victory?..because they've shown their country and men with their skin color all through,in some white man's movie..they're least bothered about how he has portrayed their country..and at last,thanks to Danny Boyle for taking some Indian technicians like ARR and Resul pookutty with his WHITE MAN'S permit to the academy awards...

I've lived in Mumbai, India all my life. Nowhere do they teach Alexander Dumas (Three Musketeers), in fact our education is so bad people don't even have English textbooks. Examinations conducted just ask for essays and comprehension.The blinding of beggar children is ridiculous... but that couldn't be enough, could it? So we have a beggar child blinded by circumstance familiar with the face on a hundred dollar note. Man! Get a grip. The Prime Minister, President, and Industrialists wont know whose face there is on a hundred dollar note. No no wait... still not enough... Jamal doesn't know whose face it is on the Indian thousand rupee note (after seeing him receive several of them in the movie - one may ask? Dear Jamal? what now has happened of thy photographic memory?)One should wonder what direction has Danny Boyle done. If you watch any other film of the actors involved in slumdog you'll realize how repetitive and monotonous their performance is. Dialogues were really poor. Music was the only side that didn't let down. But A R Rahman has composed far better music for films other than this.The world has seen little of India... that does not give one the liberty to paint a picture so untrue and pathetic. Its poetic license being abused. Abused and how? What is wrong with the world??? and the awards its bagged???Heavens!

So.. this is the great movie I've known about for almost a year. Sure I've heard about all the hype about it. Read the glowing reviews. So what did I do? After watching many bad movies, I saved this one for a time when I really wanted a winner. My trust is my fellow man at calling a good movie good is blown. Since when does a movie that is completely disjointed become Oscar material? My whole enthusiasm was gone when I saw the cops torturing the kid for winning the game show. What? That's right. The whole movie is built around a kid that wins the millions on a foreign version of "who wants to be a millionaire." Oh come on. The kid while acting the part is so unbelievable - as he wins more and more money.. shows ZERO emotion - no wonder they think he cheated! But the torturing done it for me. WAY over the top unbelievable. Then we get the most bizarre flash backs I've ever seen to try to "explain" why he knew the answers. The movie is a humiliation on the intelligence of mankind. If this movie was a 10 minute you tube clip I might have enjoyed it. Wasting 2 hours of ones life to sit through this - is something i recommend you do not do.

Sumit Bhattacharya- "I have no problems with the 'West' taking up themes of poverty and highlighting the real India. I can completely understand a foreigner being obsessed with the filth and the poverty -- I too was stunned by the plight of the homeless in New York -- of India. I thought Slumdog is brilliantly shot, and I am willing to forgive Ram dressed as a mix between Shiva and Krishna in a foreign film. But I do have a problem with a story that pretends to be real when in reality it is just a masala film -- the kind we churn out by the dozens in Bollywood.Yes, Slumdog Millionaire is just superficial fluff, mainly because of its gaping plot holes. It should have been much better researched...A R Rahman's music is good, but not the master's best. But -- maybe it's just me -- you never really feel for the adult Jamal. Maybe it has something to do with the acting." Matthew Schneeberger- "I found it impossible to feel emotionally invested with the main characters. All the way up to the final kiss, I truly did not care what happened to Jamal or to Latika. And I'm as sentimental and sappy as the next guy. It's just that this love story didn't work...Yes, despite what the most zealous of naysayers claim, India's problems are real and manifold: extreme poverty, communal violence, child beggary, painful vestiges of the caste system, to name a few. And all of these exist even in modern, urban India, the India of all those Western magazines profiles, the India of business process outsourcing and information technology....One of the first negative reviews of Slumdog I read was from the blog The Great Bong, who absolutely lacerated it. In it, the blogger wrote, "Well yes these things do happen in India. However the problem is when you show every hellish thing possible all happening to the same person. Then it stretches reason and believability and just looks like you are packing in every negative thing that Westerners perceive about India for the sake of crowd pleasing." He goes on to propose a film about an outlandish string of events happening to an African-American boy in the US, and says, "Even though each of these incidents have actually happened in the United States of America, I would be accused of spinning a fantastic yarn that has no grounding in reality, that has no connection to the 'American experience' and my motivations would be questioned, no matter how cinematically spectacular I made my movie. At the very least, I wouldn't be on 94 percent on Tomatometer and a strong Oscar favorite." He's right. Say an Indian director traveled to New Orleans for a few months to film a movie about Jamal Martin, an impoverished African American who lost his home in Hurricane Katrina, who once had a promising basketball career, but who -- following a drive-by shooting -- now walks with a permanent limp, whose father is in jail for selling drugs, whose mother is addicted to crack cocaine, whose younger sister was killed by gang-violence, whose brother was arrested by corrupt cops, whose first born child has sickle cell anemia, and so on. The movie would be widely panned and laughed out of theaters.That, to me, is Slumdog Millionaire: contrived, pretentious, absurd, hollow, inauthentic, a pseudo-statement about social justice. And yet today the film stands on the precipice of Hollywood's highest honor, the Academy Award for Best Picture.

I only voted this movie a 1 star just to try and offset all the 10-star fanboy votes.Here's the lowdown: This is a pretty good movie. It's a good story, and all the elements that make a good story are there. Unless you're some racist, mouth-breathing, tobacco-chewing hick from the hills of wherever, you should be able to sit down and watch this movie without feeling like 2 hours of your life was robbed. (These days, that alone is worth the price of a rental.) All in all, on an absolute scale of one to ten - with 10 being the greatest piece of cinematic art ever put to film in the history of all humankind, and a one being a piece of mindless garbage like Death Race or something similar - this movie probably rates a solid six.It's good, sure. But it's definitely not one of the greatest movies of all time.

This movie is an insult to the viewer's intelligence.I saw this before the Oscar hype and seriously I found it insulting in so many ways.The movie's name reeks of colonial overtures. Seriously is it so tough to find a name which isn't downright insulting? While I agree Hindu-Muslim riots are a reality in India what I found to be utterly derogating was a kid of 6-7 yrs portraying Ram with a bow and arrow with a menacing eyes ready to pounce upon younger version of Jamaal.Even more so as the movie portrays somewhat a contemporary (early 1990s) event which is quite well-documented.Slums are also a hard reality not just in Mumbai but throughout the whole of India. But even there people exist who help each other, share whatever meager things they have with others etc. even though here portrayed as some dystopia where all they do is blind the kids, run brothels etc.More than the socio-political portrayal this movie takes all the negative things that has ever happened to anyone in India and make it happen to one single person by which it takes poetic license a bit too far and also tests the very premise of probability theory.ARR has done far more ear-pleasing compositions than what he has done for this stupid movie.While I can write a research paper dissecting all the plot holes each one of them larger than the rings of Saturn I won't do it as it's already been done by so many people.And lo!! behold!! we have 8 Academy awards to show while The Dark Knight and The Wrestler doesn't even get a nomination in many of the relevant categories :(

Couple of things.This film perpetuates the western impression of India being a wasteland just filled with vice. Nobody cares that the nation has stepped up its game in so many ways.This movie was the white man's attempt to win an Oscar and that was it. It had no message. A movie like Boyz N The Hood did show a very gritty side of Los Angeles. However John Singleton, who is a native of South Central, wanted to show what he went through when he was a child. His message was clear. This movie is pure fiction. I strongly presume that the director did not grow up in Mumbai's shanty towns.Then comes the story. I heard that Salman Rushdie, a guy who is not welcome in India and who writes stories that make no sense at all, comment that SM's story did not make sense! The story was nothing spectacular, it's the same crap I watch in Hindi films.Overrated.Plus this has to be the most pretentious use of Dutch angles.

If you were expecting this reviewer to simply say this is a great Indian film, you have come to the wrong review.Whether acknowledged as such or not, one of the greatest films of all time: * perfect script. At the same time a drama, a coming of age story, a story of personal triumph, and oh-wow a love story for the ages * perfect casting and acting. Launched Patel (later seen on House, among others) * direction to die for. After you see it, the strong emotional scenes (the beggar king who removes eyeballs to increase profits) will haunt you. Not to mention the outhouse scene. And the cell phone scene at the end.* the lesser arcs fight for prominence. Even the whispered asides from the TV host have layers of meaning. The cop who goes from torture to philosophy and back again.* restraint beyond belief. (Saved the dance scene for the credits. Imagine how hard that was!) Have seen it several times. It is timeless. It is wonderful.

Bah Humbug. Oh wait. That's another Dickens story. This one just plagiarizes Oliver Twist with a villain who makes Bill Sykes seem almost benign. The rest is fake-realism (a child covered with excrement forces his way through a crowd that neither recoils nor shoves him away) with a jumble of quick back and forward story-telling so the viewer won't realize how thin the plot is. So it won a ton of Academy Awards - those self-serving hand-outs that were created as a Hollywood promotion. Which they still are, though now gilded with a faux patina of seriousness and importance. Just like this movie.

The whole idea of the movie is overblown to the point where you just can not believe the movie and the actors. Obviously the movie was made for western audience without any regard for the realism of the content. What we have at the end is quite fake portrait of Indian life. All that the makers of the movie had achieved is the overly emotional reaction from politcorrect and emotionally-needful western society. And I doubt that the emotion will be long lasting.Adding to that the movie is quite cynical in some parts. As In blind boy accepting 100 dollar bill or American tourists standing up for the boy.. etc. etc. This is just so fake and cynical.The only thing this move good for is making some clueless individual to sympathize with this "out of the world" Cindyrella story. What was the point of the movie? I did not get it. We already know that the life in India is hard.. what was the point of putting this "spoon of sugar" on the top of it. As if going through winning a million could make us see what hard life a person in Indea could go through.. And stockpiling full-house of stories definitely shows that this movie is more like 10 short tear-sapping stories.. cheap move from the director. Very fake. The Director work is doubtful at least.. the plot just does not connect in some parts.. -Why would a show host make police try this boy for truth??? Doesn't anybody know that these shows make money not from cheating their players out money but from placing advertisements of various commercial product..(obviously that was the move to overdramatise the plot) -Also if you going to rescue child prostitute from pedophile circle.. what are you gonna do about other poor girls? As if police in Indea are in it??? I doubt that. Well you get the idea of what kind of lies they are showing to us here.. complete fake.. "pulled out by the hair out of a swamp" sappy drama story.For me this movie was just a pile of cynical-selfmarketing-belowthebeltshot dung. Can not believe it got so many Oscars.. seriously do not understand for what.Taking tragedy-drama-story to the extremes doesn't always make a good point. But I guess thats what the western public in general is used to.Sorry 5/10 from me.

Jamir(Dev Patel,who should be bracing himself for plenty of work offers here in the states and shortly)has had anything but an easy young life. At eighteen,he's witnessed his mother get killed,his brothers get separated from him and lost contact with a girl who'd become the love of his life AT LEAST twice. He's been beaten,kidnapped,robbed and humiliated in various ways and has had to scrape and scratch for every rupee,pound and rupee as he's made his way to a safe,if perhaps lowly and disrespected ,job at a call center not far from his hometown province in Mumbai.So when he's able to somehow correctly "guess" his way through the Indian version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" on his way to a fortune(20 million rupees,which I'm guessing would equal about $5 Million American),there is more than a little suspicion and skepticism as to this "Slumdog"'s conquest of the show.Firstly,I have to say I'm probably far more aligned with those who've reviewed this that were NOT in love with this film,and I'll dispense with my reasons first and thusly: this film's central struggle--the boy Jamir's calm,almost mystic and improbably march toward the grad prize on the game show--taxes my own personal suspension of disbelief to the point of snapping. EVERY single one of the questions has a cosmic "connection" to his life to that point,and his completely uncanny ability to divine the answers through that,while it may make for an interesting,compelling and,yes,romantic story,it leaves a less stock-committed viewer(such as myself)gawed in disbelief through much of it. Also,the pacing of this movie moves in such herky-jerky,stop-and-start patterns that unless a viewer is fully invested in it(which I gather many people have been),then one is either going to be agitated,distracted or even drowsy(as I was,I must confess,at one point)trying to keep up with the weaved or blended story lines.It's most principally in those reasons(plus the decidedly cultural disconnect of the sort of larger-then-life Bollywood style film-making,particularly toward the end,which may be more of a problem of my just not being greatly familiar with rather than any real quality inferiority of the show)that I cannot give better than a decent rating of this film.NOw,that having been said,why I cannot give this movie terrible reviews lie mostly in the fact(hinted in the summary line)that the movie,for all its quirks,inconsistencies and challenges to one's suspension of disbelief,STILL manages to possess human stories and conflicts that really are interesting and compelling. I credit the actors,most notably PAtel,Freida Pinto(as the girl of his dreams,a one-time friend),Saurabh Shukla(As the highly skeptical police Sargent,charged with trying to shake down Jamir when the show gets suspicious and calls the authorities in the middle of taping),Ayush Mohammed Ismail(As young Salim,JAmal's friend),Ayush Mahesh Khedekar(As young Jamir),Rubiana Ali(As a younger LAtika)and Anil Kapoor(as the host of the "Millionaire"show,a both charismatic and yet potentially shady character)as being the ones who give this show the kind of sympathetic qualities that both salvage it for me and has made it such an emotional fan favorite elsewhere.Director DAnny Boyle,one NOT shy about incorporating dense,jarring,gross and all-around-disturbing images to his movies,does the same here,but is able to temper it with more tender,intimate and humane moments to give it the kind of fanciful,romantic spirit that it so desperately needs to make this film have any chance of walking and talking. While I cannot claim to be a fan of this show,I can appreciate the qualities that it brings. I just cannot say this is the best movie of 2008. Worth a look,however,absolutely.

I think this movies is doing well just because of the shock value; the revelation of violence/poverty in India to the western world. Now, i would have overlooked this fact(in fact i did, for movies such as city of joy) if the plot of the movie hadn't been so unrealistic and bland.Seeing this movie reminded me of another movie The Color Purple. There is lot of talk in the forum about the movie portraying all African American men as sexists, abusive and mean(not surprisingly most of it comes form African Americans). SM portrays a similar picture of India only way worse. Now, I like hardcore realism as much as anyone and an not denying these things happening in India.The plot of the movie is universal and could have worked in any country or culture. Imagine this movie is directed by a french or Canadian guy and is set in America and the protagonist is an African American woman. Her parents get killed in a race riot in Alabama. She hitches a ride and ends up in the streets of new york where she works as a hooker being beat up by pimps and cops( And all this has to be shown repeatedly in the most gory fashion) She then goes on to the TV show to find her long lost boyfriend. This may very well have worked but It wont be as exotic or have won as many Oscar nominations as seeing it happen to an Indian, Chineese or Thai.Like i said earlier i would have overlooked the Gross "exploitation of poverty" if it scored well on other aspect. Now, the plot is very interesting and i was really looking forward to seeing it. But the scenes and the stories behind each of the answers(which should have been the charm of the movie) are exceedingly unrealistic. I cant suspend disbelief and imagine that a blind beggar child in Bombay would know Benjamin Franklin is on a $100 bill, or Salim would know that he was holding a colt revolver, or Jamal would be able to pick up good enough English to pass as a tour guide.Overall i found this movie to be a disappointment except for the music.

As an Indian this movie is completely insulting. No one in Mumbai is referred to as a 'slumdog'. The movie is wildly inaccurate. From the weak Quiz show questions, to the child who doesn't vomit when drenched in feces, to the depiction of gang life in India. This movie isn't just fiction, it's absurd fantasy. The love story is about as believable as a Saturday morning cartoon. That anyone should walk away from this film believing it's decent film is itself a tragedy. This film is a reflection of Hollwood's white liberal guilt. If you want a better film, check out the Apu trilogy by Satyajit Ray.

First of all the story wasn't great and frankly just stupid. I saw in the cinema only because it got good reviews but i was let down so much. Danny Boyle is a great director and i respect him but he should not have made this useless movie. First somehow Jamal k. Malik wins the "who wants to a millionaire" game show based on past experiences that don't make any sense (if he grew up in the slums how could he be so smart no education). Then after he celebrates by singing and dancing in such a fake accent it is not even funny. Then just randomly run in the streets how weren't they killed there would be cars.Then gets arrested (which would not happen in real life)for cheating and gets interrogated. I think the Oscars are rigged because it was not Oscar worthy in my opinion, because the Oscars it got was only really dumb things like music and cinematography. Hear my words don't bother with this movie you'll waste your money.

This is probably the most embarrassing, simplistic and plain stupid film I have ever seen. The acting is poor, the plot and script seem like they were written by a teenage girl, and the interesting filming and good soundtrack are unable to salvage anything from this insult to intelligence. Quite unbelievable that this was nominated for anything, let alone receiving the crazy amount of Oscars it received. Some hands must have been greased. The story itself is ludicrous, the message overly simplistic, not to mention patronizing. An English director presenting such a film about India is simply moralizing at other's expense (some outdated sense of the British empire?). But even without this, it is a sort of simplistic moralization (chidren-are-so-good-but-all-adults-are-horific) that makes the film, scene by scene, one of the most boring and repulsive works to have ever been screened.

This film left me with one thought, "So what?"This is a movie without any act of heroism, and simply another movie aimed at trashing the concept of living a purposeful life with goals. It expresses the modern day philosophy that says if you are born in poverty you cannot help yourself other than through luck (winning a game show). Why not tell an inspiring story of a "slumdog" becoming a successful businessman, overcoming various obstacles that inevitably come life's way, and developing a parallel story showing how and why he falls in love with the girl of his dreams?The theme of the movie has been misleadingly portrayed as a moral comment on today's global recession and in particular we are shown a character who cares more about the concept of love than money. This is demonstrated in the less than dramatic and completely contrived climax when the lead character attempts the final question knowing he does not know the answer and simply makes a guess.We are being asked to accept that a poor kid in love would willingly give up the winnings he has accrued to date because the woman he loved answered the mobile phone when he decided to use a lifeline and "phone a friend" in attempting to find the answer to this last question. Of course, he did not know she would answer it, but it seemed he had already made some inexplicable decision to gamble his accrued winnings.In this situation, any reasoned person would accept his winnings to date, collect the cheque, and put the money towards investing in a career through which he could support his (supposed) future wife - and use the money to invest in her career as well.But no, he gambles all that potential life enhancing value because of love. The ending and the last 30 minutes were nothing more than contrived nonsense.In fact the love story itself was limp - there was no rhyme nor reason as to why the lead character was in love with his girl; there was such limited dialogue and interaction between the two of them that they may as well been passing strangers.The idea of portraying scenarios explaining why the lead character knew the answers was interesting - to a point - and did explain his upbringing, though as many have noted, quite how he progressed to well-spoken English is left unexplained.The vignettes themselves were uninspiring as stories in themselves - quite what is so funny about a boy covered in faeces I am not so sure; lame humour at a kid's expense. This was followed by episodes of child torture and criminality - malevolent stuff indeed.

This movie is extremely shoddy..i have seen better movies with the same slum backdrop which are much more realistic and this one. The sole purpose of this movie was to create a negative image of India and there was nothing else. The story was not believable. It seemed as if the only purpose was to show dirt, grime and human waste and the story was just thrown in. There are many bollywood movie flicks which have the same elements as this movie had, only they are directed much better, with tighter scripting, editing and cinematography. Its a surprise that this movie was even nominated let alone get awards. Incredible. Just wondering if world tastes are coming down or it is something else.

Many people are being subconsciously bullied by the media hype to actually like the film, fuelled further by the silly Oscar orgy of ten nominations. Why don't we - Indians- have the guts to speak out about what we actually think or feel about the film, now that the disappointment over the film is growing? It is an absolutely average film. Apart from being obviously shallow, there is nothing of much worth in the film. It needs an idiot to believe that a slum child in Bombay talks with the British body language of Dev Patel. All the actors are so mediocre, I don't even understand what the hype is about the 'great acting'. This must be one of A. R. Rehman's most unimpressive musical scores and it is a sad irony of fate that he would be nominated for the Oscar for this one! By now he should have received 20 of them if this is the benchmark for Oscars! The screenplay is so full of loopholes and the dance at the end of the film is so badly choreographed that it would have been lambasted if it was made by an Indian director. Actually the dance at the end sticks out of the film like a sore thumb. It does not ever grow out of any context. If western audiences can appreciate and actually patronise something so illogical and outrageous, their general contempt for 'Bollywood' cinema now seems a case of moral hypocrisy because the film is made totally in the Bollywood style with every possible form of illogical excess. There is not a second in the film that touches me emotionally or can even be considered as quality cinema. It is indeed a heady mix of the worst variety of third world poverty, an internationally successful TV show, a rags-to-riches story and vintage Indian exotica. Even the geography is all wrong! It is interesting that when the kid falls off the train and the dust settles around him, he finds that he has landed right in front of the Taj Mahal. Any one who has been to the Taj would know that there is no railway line in its vicinity to give that cinematic view of India's most well-know icon seen through a sea of trash. I am not even talking about the display of poverty in the film which is a bit more complicated issue. We know that contention - we must not wash our dirty linen in public - has come from the most conservative quarters in the entire history of cinema, whether it was Italian neorealism or Bunuel's 'Los Olvidados', Ray's 'Pather Panchali' or even the more recent 'Salaam Bombay' and 'City of God'. A filmmaker has every right to explore whatever he wants. The real contentious and political issue is the reception to image-making of realities that are not lived through personal experience. Amitabh Bachchan's response can be perfectly understood in the light of the fact that he has been particularly made into the villain of the film, which was unnecessary in any case. (There is absolutely no ambiguity in the film whether Anil Kapur is playing AB.) So his reactions and critique may have grown out of a personal sense of hurt but then we need to ask ourselves, why do we like 'City of God' so much? Are we getting some perverse joy out of consuming the poverty of the Brazilian favelas or are we just captivated by its palpable characters and plot situations? It needs a depraved mind to even believe that anyone would spend their money to enjoy seeing poverty. So, ultimately the question is whether 'Slumdog Millionaire' qualifies as a film of high quality. I seriously doubt that. At best, it is a well-made Hindi film. What needs to be understood is the myth around it and the mind-boggling hype about hype itself. How did that happen? That would be more revealing about the world around us than the film's laughable claim to authenticity, that too legitimised by gullible Indians themselves.

I watched the film and the theater was packed with mostly Caucasians. I loved the little children and the music is superb. AR Rahman did a very good job in creating music that just jump starts the movie with "O Saya" and the children running down the alleys of the slums. But, the major problem in the movie is the list of negative events happening to the main characters. Their is NOTHING positive that comes across these children and no helping hand witch I feel shows Indian people to be non-charitable and not helping. I feel that yes it shows the dark sides of India but what about the positive things in India. The movie is very cliché and you know what is going to happen next. The grown actors don't have much dialogue compared to the children. Freida had barely 10 minutes in the film and her character was not well developed. I just feel that it did not show the helping side or heart of India.

First of all, I'm an Indian. So I want to clarify this movie didn't offend me in any kind of way. It was nice to see all the world laughing and making jokes on Indians all across the globe, and they deserve it. Bollywood the so called Biggest Film industry in the world has copied almost 96% of Hollywood, Germany,Korean movies and music.Guy Meets Girl and they fall in love and they fight the whole world for the survival of their love. That is a typical story of a Bollywood Movie, almost 99% movies are made in India are based on this subject. Danny Boyle did nothing but take that Level of stupidity to another Level. I hate this Movie for every reason. I don't know why this movie won Oscar, the story of the movie is completely fictional, the characters are speaking English. The main Lead Actor did nothing but kept fighting for his dream girl for his entire life.Ugly Looking Actors, Poor Story, Poor Film, Poor Country. I want IMDb supervisor to remove this movie from Top 250.

While "Slumdog Millionaire" features amiable characters - one really cares about the three little kids - its story is not very original. There are no real surprises in this movie, which is - for me - Danny Boyles weakest outing. "Shallow Grave", "Trainspotting", "The Island", "28 Days Later" and "Sunshine" were much stronger movies - visually richer, better paced and more entertaining - in every aspect. Wanna see a real good movie about slums? Watch "City of God"! The main problem of "Slumdog Millionaire" is its weak script, which doesn't offer a single scene one hasn't seen in other variations before. Killing off the interesting villain ("Maman") in the first hour of the movie, only to replace him with a totally cliché gangster boss in the second hour, was also not a very sound decision.

As per usual, the Academy got it wrong once again. Let's face it, 9 out 10 times they usually do! Let's face it, awards are for the living and not for the dearly departed, and neither are they for the ones left behind. Don't think Heath really cares much anyway. Slumdog Millionaire, so much hype, so hype, so much regret that I even bothered, when it should really have gone straight to DVD, never mind TV. After all it's just the normal rags to riches story, this time plastered across an Indian background. Been there, seen that......big YAWN! While it was a good watch, the acting was static, and the question master extremely irritating! I was hoping the goons would get him eventually..... An amazing performance by the likes of Philip Seymore Hoffman and Meryl Streep go just about unnoticed. Has the Academy gone completely mad?? Well, here's to a lot more madness from Hollywood this year. Watch it and weep!

Starting with the eager to please fast cutting, Slumdog glosses over anything unpleasant and gives the overall feeling of a music video. This makes poverty feel like a fun time to the middle class westerner. Wesley Morris of the Boston Globe aptly put it "I feel like I'm escaping into something that many people can't escape out of." The most telling scene of the movie in which Jamal cons a tourist reinforces British Danny Boyle's sense of superiority to American tourists and Indian slum dwellers. "This is (the real India)" Jamal says to them. "Here's a bit of the real America" the tourists say as they give Jamal a 100 dollar bill. Millionaire may be aiming for Dickensian social drama, but unlike Bleak House or Oliver Twist, it rings utterly false. Part of the problem is that Boyle knew very little about India until recently and decided he maybe wanted to educate himself. Or perhaps it's just his effort to recolonize India for the Brits.

I thought the best part of this movie was the photography. Check this film out on Blu-Ray, if you have the opportunity: it's magnificent-looking. They even make slums look beautiful! I'm glad it won the Oscar for cinematography. Scene after scene is gorgeous.Story-wise, it's okay; good, but nothing super. For the first half of the film, it reminded me of "City Of God," about the homeless kids in Brazil, but that film had far more violent kids. This one mainly had kids as pranksters and then victims of some sicko adult who wants to use them to make money.The story will be fun for those who used to be hooked on the "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" quiz show, but the host here in this Indian version is no lovable Regis Philbin. You won't like him.Almost all of the story is told in flashback, so be prepared for that. It's one of those stories where all the little pieces fit together in the end to explain why things happened in the start of the film.I wouldn't have voted for this as the Best Picture Of The Year but it is entertaining and a feast for the eyes.

Brainwashing on "get lots of money and you will get all the rest: love, happiness, etc."... I think this brainwashing was made specially for India's people. A nation with more the a billion people, known for their religious mindset. If we make them capitalists, man, we get a big consumers pool! There are so many movies that stimulate the "rat race" and I am not a fan of this genre. Also there are explicit violent scenes that I think were dispensable. Worth watching only to understand our times and the mind setting we are exposed to. India producers lots of movies and this one certainly does not represent their share to world's best pieces of art.

I initially hated the idea of Slumdog millionaire, nut after reading positive reviews, and reading the book which had been on the shelf for ages, I changed my mind and decided to go see it.After seeing the film i didn't know what to think. It had too many moments were it didn't know what genre it was. It wasn't a clever blend, it was just a mishmash of genres which felt like someone put together a puzzle with a sledgehammer with the intention of it being a perfect picture, but there was too much attempt of putting power into the intricacy of the film and it was smashed leaving only a few pieces actually looking good.Saying that, the film did have it's memorable moments. Anil Kapoor was very memorable as the Indian Chris Tarrant, and A.R Rahman gave the film a successful score. Danny Boyle's direction was unmemorable, which was disappointing considering his previous repertoire of films.Overall the film was annoying and a massive let down, with memorable moments, but not enough of them to get past the fact that the screenplay was written so Simon Beaufoy could cram every possible style of film into one collage of a script

I don't understand why people like this movie so much. It's a s*it of a movie; nothing in this movie is worth watching. I have not read the book but movie; it's just a waste of celluloid. This movie is a serious let down from Danny Boyle, the man directed awesome movie like Trainspotting and here he is with this cr*p. Pi$s poor acting, weird accents, unnatural scenes make the whole movie experience bumpy and somewhat like a torture. The movie looks as if it was created by some hormone flushed teenager with his pals in summer vacation. I get the attraction in the story; a bottom-feeder gets his chance to set the record straight, change to win a million, but there is no way in hell this could happen in real life. This kind of utterly impossible story pooled together with Indian background and Indian actors makes the movie pure torture. In a very cliché way, the only thing I liked was the end and even the end was not that good, they stood in rows, sang and danced in a typical Bollywood style. City of God and this movie? Seriously? There is no comparison! City of God triumphs this one on everything, City of God is down to earth, serious and gives more realistic feeling. It's original too; Slumdog however is exaggerated, it's out there, up in the air. City of God is a like a symphony, it's in perfect, in sync, real, organic; Slumdog – cacophony, out of sync, plastic, unreal. Finally words, the movie does not deserve all the fame and Oscar it got.

I was looking forward to watching this movie for quite a while, hearing how great it is, and all the buzz its got from all over the place. So was quite excited when got it on DVD, as I missed the movie premiere.Was it bad? No it wasn't. But it definitely wasn't good either. I mean maybe if I haven't heard all that has been said before about this film, I would have been impressed more, but with all the comments like: AMAZING, GREAT, MASTERPIECE... it was none of that. It didn't raise ANY emotions, by the end of the movie I didn't feel for any of the main characters, it had cliché ending.... ughhhh I was SO disappointed, you don't understand!! I don't know why would this movie get so much attention, apart from the fact that its about poverty in India or any other 3rd world country, which may be considered a good subject for the movie. And it might have been, only if it was executed nicely.

I've watched the movie a few times and loved every bit of it. Unadulterated India, which Indian directors are scared to showcase. Bollywood only likes to show glamorous India, because the other side of India is what 95% of us lives in, and hence would not like to see a movie with the same backdrop. Whats different about this is that it starts of grabbing you in the Gut with almost nauseating imagery and gradually turns it into a ravishing delicacy and leaves you mouth watering for more. A true masterpiece captured with stunning visuals and exhilarating music to match. Definitely one of the 100 films you must see before you die.

An opposite perspective. The graphic scenes of torture and beating' of young people are exploitation and should not fuel a story which receives acclaim. Repeated and repeated and repeated scenes of India's widespread and grinding poverty may be appropriate for a documentary of social ills and class warfare but not for entertainment.It is dishonest story telling to use torture, child abuse and the innocent despair of young children as the basis for an ending that exploits "Western Liberal Guilt" and is lauded in the process. If scenes of torture and child abuse are not your fare then beware of this movie.The direction and editing were first-rate: crisp, dynamic and emotional.

When suddenly there came a phenomenon which proclaimed India's arrival at the world cinema stage , the cynic in me rubbished the whole thing as a gimmick. The credibility of the academy awards has taken a severe beating due to constant and regular stoop downs over the years.Take for example Rocky (1976-77) or Training day .Please forgive me but i seriously have my doubts over the claim of Gandhi as an Oscar winner. A Beautiful Mind, American Beauty ....you name the movie and all that is there for us to see is mediocrity. mediocrity in direction,in screenplay writing and most importantly in characterisation and acting. Just like the mannerisms of Kingsley in Gandhi were hardly Indian Slumdog is hardly in touch with the reality which it wants to realistically potray. Firstly, Indians do not speak or talk or laugh or react the way they do in this movie. All their sensibilities, dialouges emotions and reactions are completely western. The movie is melodramatic to the point of being called bollywood jargon. I can bet my life on this that there have been brilliant Hindi movies with brilliant Hindi actors which should have won Oscars but didn't merely because the content they supplied was intrinsically Indian.I would like to compare Slumdog with Khosla ka Khosla . KKG is a new generation mainstream Hindi movie which quite realistically depicts the life of a middle class Indian and his family. their manner of speaking, laughing, their emotions are so honestly depicted that one cannot think otherwise.Slumdog to be honest is a farce . Not only does it lack honesty but also credibility. It is a typical feel god movie with ordinary performances by most of the cast. Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto are not impressive at all. The success of Slumdog thus once again proves that the Americans cannot treat foreign cinema like it deserves to be. Unless a movie has been made in line with American sensibilities it won't succeed at their award ceremonies.

It is quite difficult to see this movie through the eyes of those who credited Slumdog Millionaire with full marks. It pertained some very nice aspects, including some pretty cinematography, and excitingly talented young actors. However, those pieces still left gaping holes in the film, with many different features that made it worth seeing, but not worth watching.It seems as though the film picked and marketed itself with pinpoint accuracy to the naïve of America's middle-to-upper class. It gave the audience a view of the derelict of India without actually experiencing it. It let people feel like they were watching an exciting and spicy foreign film without having to deal with subtitles or anything but cookie-cutter story lines, themes and issues. All together, the filmmakers did an excellent job of taking absolutely no risks whatsoever, while creating for the entire world a genuine piece of hackneyed, crowd-pleasing refuse.It took all the will power I could not to give this movie lower ratings, and I summoned it because it did have bits of pleasure mixed in with the story line comparable to the cultural and artistic merit of Lady Gaga. Slumdog Millionaire was inescapably a dramatic let down considering its seemingly boundless hype.If you would like to retain any of your faith in American taste, please, skip this movie... at all costs.

I'm usually pretty good at coming up with witty, poignant titles for my reviews, but this movie doesn't even deserve that.Every few years someone from a rich Western culture makes a film about a poor Eastern culture which makes rich Western audiences feel better about themselves because now they somehow connect with poor Easterners. Slumdog Millionaire is one such film.It's horribly contrived, like an ABC afterschool special. Themes which could otherwise be handled with interesting complexity are bashed over your head with all the subtlety of the Bhopal disaster. The good guy is lily-white good, and the bad guys are evil satans. Even when the good guy must do something unpleasant (such as fighting to protect a loved one), he cowers and lets his evil friend do the dirtywork. This film is nothing but a polarization of good vs. evil which reduces it (and Indian culture) to a silly comic book. But they cloak it in lots of tear-jerking footage of poverty, beggars and injustice so it makes you feel like you're watching something of social significance.I lived in India for several years. I've seen the slums, the poverty, the despair & the hope of the people. It's much more complicated than what this silly travel brochure offers. I keep hoping one day someone will get it right, but alas, not this time. I'm sure someone will try again in 5 years or so.

This is a ridiculous farce and western celebration of a mediocre film. It's novelty (being of 'Indian' (Bollywood) origin) is the real source of the hype. If you have seen the greats (eg Pakeezah), Slum is an insult. This movie is not 'Indian' or 'Asian'. It is ABOUT Indian people, designed for mass (unthinking) consumption. And it hit the jackpot, proving timing is everything.The West (especially America) is frantic and hungry to embrace other cultures it never cared much for before. Ironically, as new Super Powers (India included) are emerging economic forces to reckon with, their cultures (whoever/whatever may 'represent' them) are frantically grabbed as they pass by, and hailed as "awesome", "wonderful", "great".Puhlease...Though she is not in it, think of one movie Ashwarya Rai (the biggest Bollywood transport) has been in that was above mediocre. Don't think too hard -- there is none. Yet she is applauded/worshipped every corner she goes. She cannot act, she can look into the camera and...nothing. It's like Angelina Jolie without any acting skills.One can't help but feel some embarrassment for the 'crew' of 'The Slums' as there is no doubt they are shocked by the response. They must be. Sure they must be proud too. But I see it in their faces when interviewed. They must know the movie was simply not that great. Whatever positive response/recognition was given, it was not because of the quality of the movie.With no capacity for 'staying power' or lasting impression, a 3/10 is being very generous for this slummer. The colours were pretty.For anyone who loves this movie (and I know there are many)...the challenge is to remove the exotic 'brown people' and leave the story as is... Is this still a great movie? Worthy of even a mention at the Oscars?? Puhlease.

A young call center worker from Mumbai with a rough-and-tumble past named Jamal (a likable Dev Patel) becomes a contestant on the Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" in the hopes that his true love (the beautiful Freida Pinto) will see him on TV and come back to him for good. Much of "Slumdog Millionaire" is done in flashbacks as the audience learns the personal story behind each of the questions. For some strange reason the filmmakers want us to think a person like Jamal wouldn't normally know the answers to these random trivia questions, but he does because of his unique life story, see? Well, it's a mildly interesting central conceit that quickly falls apart. At one point, a policeman questioning Jamal remarks that his story is "bizarrely plausible." I wish I could say I felt the same.It seems to be a trend this year for movies to contain wildly shifting tones. This is the type of film that thinks it's endearing and cute when a little Indian boy is given no choice but to dive into a pit of raw sewage to get a chance to meet a movie star, and then tries to be gritty and deadly serious when a man takes out an orphan's eyes with a spoon so the kid will make more money on the street as a blind urchin. Combining elements of "Oliver Twist", "Romeo and Juliet" and "City of God", Danny Boyle and his co-director Loveleen Tandan create a flimsy mosaic of convention and post-modern pastiche. With its sometimes fascinating look at Mumbai and its strange juxtaposition of modernity and immense wealth run amok with the biggest slums on earth, "Slumdog Millionaire" is not without some intense and keenly interesting vignettes. However, the paper-thin script full of lazy characterizations and arbitrary moments leads to a painfully predictable denouement with a silly message about Destiny.Boyle is a director whose style has run out of steam. All of his trademarks are here: the shoddy editing; the shaky, grainy digital photography; the hyper-bright lighting that washes out most colors and makes whites and yellows blinding. Why is it I always feel like I'm getting an eye exam when I sit through his films? It left me with a headache that wasn't helped by the loud soundtrack. Any compelling moment, like the train ride that ends at the Taj Mahal or the early chase scene through the slums of Mumbai, I credit to Boyle's co-director Tandan."Slumdog Millionaire" is an energetic film I desperately wanted to like. Had it a sharper focus and harder edge that more thoroughly explored just one of the millions of enthralling stories that exist in cities like Mumbai, it could've been a rousing success. Instead, with its slapdash enthusiasm that feebly tries to thread some meaning into the barely plausible tale, I'm left thinking that Mumbai deserves a far better film.

This movie has a fairly interesting premise. A young uneducated man becomes a millionaire on a gameshow after getting every single question right. Not because he's a trivia buff, but because each answer is extracted from previous events in his life. The movie primarily deals with flashbacks illustrating these events. They show that the young man has led a hard, impoverished and dangerous life at the bottom of Indian society.This kind of tragic realism is interesting in the beginning, but as the boy reaches adolescence, the flashbacks begins to bore you. The movie tries to compensate for this through a love triangle, but it comes across pretty cliché and unbelievable. Because of this, the main thing pushing the suspense level is the increasing winnings on the gameshow and that's not enough to keep the movie going.If you like scenic landscapes and enjoy watching impoverished children struggling in a cruel world, this is a movie for you. If you are looking for interesting characters and an integrated plot that keeps you watching, you might be in for a disappointment.

As art, it's reasonable. Although I'm a fan of Boyle's work since Shallow Grave – and I consider Trainspotting one of the best movies of the 90's – Slumdog Millionaire disappointed me. It's the classical Hollywood self-overcoming cliché with the "I love you" conclusion. The old argument: if you are a good boy, God will help you in the end, no matter what are the obstacles you must face. As a social reflection, the movie is revolting. The moral of the story clearly is: only poor people are truly happy. So, if rich countries keep India, Africa or Brazil in poverty, they are doing us a favor, since they are helping us either being happy or going to heaven. And I could not avoid saying Boyle's movie sounded to me like a bad taste fairy tale version of Fernando Meirelles' masterpiece Cidade de Deus (City of God). 3/10

Is there anyone else that this self-serving schlock missed so badly with? It seems obvious to me that Mr. Boyle, having missed every time with western audiences thought that he could cash in with the Bollywood crowd and score himself some Rupees for his overdue retirement party. To make such an unrealistic, manipulative film and simply label it a "fairy tale" is an insult to every well-written fairy tale ever penned and to use (and I emphasize the word "use") the residents of these slums in such a manner that undermines their abject poverty is boo worthy. Danny Boyle should be booed for having tried to manipulate so many people's emotions with such flaccid trash. Stop bandwagoning this miserable piece of sub-art, Slumdog apologists and cultivate yourself an objective opinion. The emperor is wearing no clothes, ladies and gentlemen and his name is Danny Boyle.

This left me dumbfounded. I cant believe this film has garnered so much attention, let alone adoration. This got some the Oscars? I just realized this from reading glancing over the board, i though it was The Curious Case Of Benjamin Buttom that won best picture. Oh well.I don't know what to say. Its directed with great style and i love that it takes place in Inda.But its a little hard to care for such a flat character as the protagonist. But off-course you root for the underdog right? Oh, i definitely did initially, but as the film progressed and the love-story kicked in, i started to care less. Take the scene where the brothers rescues the girl. First, would she really still have been a virgin? A man that burns children eyeballs probably would have sold her to someone already. Does this matter?Yes because the film shouldn't soft panders us like that.And would she really have been wanted to escape with them?Run away with two street-thugs? No. People are not just trapped physically you know, people are trapped by their social situation. A girl in her situation probably would have chosen to stay as a dancer where she at least could earn some kind of living and had a sense of security.But does this really matter? Its a "fairytale" right? Sure, but the film calls this kind of thinking and critics to itself by describing the ugliness of poor in almost gruesome details. It wants to have it both way. Its a dishonest and shallow picture in so many ways.The love-story is underdeveloped. There is little chemistry between the two brothers. And its main-character is, as i already stated, very flat.There are some great scenes. Jamal falling down in crap-house and then getting his autograph was funny and disgusting. But i found the film decreasing in quality as it went along. The scenes in the actually Millionary show was also quite good with the host turning in a good performance, being that kind of character that is written for the audience to dislike and loath.

This movie is not THAT good. In the end it just turns out to be as meaningful as a movie like "The Notebook". It tries to reach deep but then retreats to make sure audiences leave with a fuzzy feeling.Why do I choose "The Notebook" as a comparison? It is because "Slumdog" is simplistic. It doesn't take long to figure out the characters. It makes complicated emotions and lives too simplistic.When I left the movie theater I didn't think "Man, life is hard for some people in India." I left thinking, "OMG! I am so super excited that love conquered" Well, I guess I didn't think exactly that, but to me this movie did not reach its potential.

SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE is a movie that's a victim of its marketing . The screenplay is adapted by Simon Beaufoy from a novel by Indian writer Vikas Swarup . These two things should be remembered before watching the film . Beaufoy was the writer of THE FULL MONTY a film that was marketed as a comedy of sorts when in fact it was a rather downbeat gloomy narrative saved only by the upbeat ending . SLUMDOG is the same type of movie except it's even more gloomy , not to mention violent at some points . " The feel good movie of the year " ? yes but you'll have to wade through a lot of misery to get there The entire subtext revolves around the Hindu philosophy of Karma ie things happen for a reason , even the worst things happen for a reason and it's important to remember this . This is the only thing you should think of before watching the movie . The plot turns are not coincidences because Karma has chosen Jamal Malik for great things but first he must undergo heart breaking soul destroying things that he can never forget . In short this film is easier to respect than to enjoy or even like but the fundamental core of the story is food for the soul . You suffer heart breaking divorce ? Take comfort that in a future part of your life that you're free to live your life the way you want . You have no life , no friends , no future and every day is composed of watching dire movies ? Slag off the films on a website and someone will you give you Roger Ebert's job . Make a film set in Indian slums with subtitles and expect it to go straight to DVD because there's no way no one will watch it or nominate it for awards. Or will they ?Anything is possible screams SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE and anything is . It's not a film that's likable and while Danny Boyle is an exceptional film maker I doubt if this is his masterwork , certainly 28 DAYS LATER and TRAINSPOTTING were better films . But as far as SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE goes it's a reminder that the future is unwritten and perhaps maybe destiny has great plans for all of us

What can I say? This film is basically a remake of "Aladdin" with realistic touches. There is a poor guy. He is beaten and tricked a lot by erroneous relatives. He meets a smiley magic man with a beard. He comes close to good fortune. Good fortune is taken away from him. He gets back his good fortune. He gets his princess. He leaves happily ever after.There is not a single God or Hero of Indian myth - whether Hindu, Buddhist or Sikh - who relies on 'destiny' to help them. This film is a twisted attempt at shielding third-world tragedy with Western consumerist dogma. Guess what? You are not able to eat three fat-laden meals, daily, and watch crappy movies and f*ck about with valuable time and money on the internet because 'It Is Written'. You are able to do these things because you live in a corrupt society fuelled by wealth amassed from enslaving innocent people and despoiling other civilisations because - guess what, again? - some b*st*rd with a book with a cross on it said that 'It Is Written' that these things must happen. This film won an Oscar for the same reason as Titanic, Benjamin Button, and dozens more - because it depicted a tragic situation, but made sure the audience didn't get to feel guilty about preventing it from happening because it was fictional.F*ck Danny Boyle, F*ck the Academy, and F*ck anyone who thinks this Capitalist pat-on-the-back belongs anywhere but the fire.

This was the worst movie I've seen in 15 years I have been on this planet, and I've seen some terrible movies in my time; such as, The man who fell to earth starring David Bowie, and Junior, a terrible 'comedy' starring the worst duo in the history of film making (Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito). I recommend to anyone who is considering watching a drama based romantic movie; watch Titanic or the Notebook, both of which are reputably good movies which are not remotely over-rated. So if you are just walking by the video store and see this movie, KEEP WALKING! Unless of course you want to endure the pain of watching the worst Danny Boyle film you will ever see. This film, in my opinion, may be the end of Mr Boyle's career.

I was afraid of that. Coming to watch an hyped film is always a worry, but never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined the level of disappointment this movie brought on me.I find it hard to explain where this movie fails because it does it spectacularly on many levels.Storyline. You have seen it all before. Honestly, you did. If you read Charles Dickens as a child (Oliver Twist, Nicholas Nickleby) then you have read the script for this movie. And you probably saw it in the movies too, only this time you have also seen it on the small screen at home, if you ever watched "Who wants to be a millionaire". It's plain, it's boring, and it's been done before.Acting. B-grade says it all. Honestly, all Dev Patel had to do was act dumb, and he excelled at that. Then of course, there were the kids, but with kids you either get it wrong or right, there is no midway, and this time thankfully Boyle got it right.Score. I couldn't feel that it contributed to anything. Not a fan of Indian music, but I wouldn't care of the music's origins if it did anything to enhance the experience of watching the movie, and the truth is - it didn't. In fact, if I could turn the music off, I don't believe it would have made any difference at all.Camera work. OK, this is somewhat the saving grace, although in a visually rich environment of India it is very hard to mess up camera work, which means that the expectations are very high. And yet again, it is plain, unimaginative, and very very "play it safe".Bottom line. The Oscars it received enshrine the mediocrity through revolting political correctness. What a shame. It's boring. It's unimaginative. If you ever read classical novels, you'd have read it all before. And besides the Indian setting, there is absolutely nothing that makes this movie stand out from thousands more like it, including Hallmark low-budget adaptations. Avoid, if you can get over the hype. Or go see it, just to be able to reply "Yes, I did see it, can we talk about something else now?" to an excited colleague at work.

Other than the two little ones who play Jamaal and Salim at their infancy, everything else in this movie is so fake!! Everybody speaks English!! American tourists who just had their merc stripped off give out another 100 bucks(are they stupid?)!! On one hand the movie is set in the dirtiest and most vicious of places in mumbai, on the other hand it has the noblest of all concepts, the Hollywood version of romance!! Other than the two toddlers, the rest of the actors playing the two brothers at different stages in their lives have "Non Resident Indian" stamped over their faces!! Young wannabe criminals don't look like Salim does, neither do they carry colts?!! In beggar camp Latika, while crushing red chillies, wears rubber gloves?!? Well she wasn't exactly doin the dishes in her kitchen was she??The movie says that the makers took the worst of India in one hand and Hollywood in another and decided to bridge the gap!! But the gap is just too big for one person or a whole generation of people to bridge!! I did like the youngest of the actors though, the movie remained palatable till they were around!!I also hope this movie does something to draw the attention of the world to how people in some parts of the world live in abject poverty, don't know what, if at all anything, that will result in though.

Basically, Slumdog Millionaire is the transposition of clichéd American cinema into the den of Bollywood. All of the layers and sub-layers are so repeated and overly done that it causes no effect on the viewer. It's the same applied to third world countries, it's a simple deceptive notion.The love story, with the man running desperately to defend his loved one, with his impositions, maybe a criminal undercurrent with already seen and done mafia innuendos, classical tension moments in which time plays a cruel role already examined. Even the moments that seem to "bring glow" from the cramped, poor slums just seem overly edited and manipulative. In story terms, nothing is actually new in the movie. Thus, nothing is truly exciting, except for those who are relatively new to Hollywood, who are tricked into believing that "glamour" was actually strained from the sets and that India (or at least Indian cinema) is close to whatever Boyle tried to create.You've seen this thousand times, just in other countries and other cultures. Cool trick, uh?

On reflection I thought the film was exploitative and manipulative. What is its message? That TV game shows can save even the poorest of the poor? And what of the choice of actors? While the film contained harrowing scenes of a poor dark child being blinded, the make-up men clearly shirked from portraying the leading actress with credible scars at the end of the film. As the film progresses the two leading characters get progressively paler until they become 'almost' white and hence - I imagine in the view of the director - more palatable to audiences. Which half of the film are we supposed to believe in: the dire life of the slum dwellers or the cosmetic H/Bollywood romantic ending? I think it uses the former to legitimize the latter: it exploits the real Mumbai protagonists of the film by involving them at first only to drop them out of the picture to make way for its 'attractive' Europeanized leading stars. Likewise it manipulates Western audiences into thinking that India's social problems are not so bad because in the end true love (and true money) can triumph thanks to a TV game show. Or is the film just an elaborate plug for the show itself? The film was clearly tailored for affluent Western or Westernised audiences. I believe its 'social' denunciations are simply a device to fool viewers into thinking that the film is worthwhile so that it can get its real message across: celebrity TV, money, some measure of astuteness and good Western looks are going to save the world (as well as guarantee box office profits).

This is a genial, very well made movie with lots of charm and vitality..but very little in the way of genuine depth or substance.Despite the overpraised "Local Color" (The unfairly underrated "Darjeeling Limited" captures the heat, atmosphere, beauty, and savagery of India much, much better) this has a rather musty air narratively speaking...perhaps because the plot is actually a rather palid melding of several Victorian era plots that weren't entirely fresh when Dickens used them..If you have seen any version of "Oliver Twist", "David Copperfield", or even more obviously "Great Expectations"...you have seen this plot...and no amount of narrative non linear construction is going to disguise that fact...(and no amount of game show flash can make it look any more "Modern")...The early scenes involving non-professional child actors have some genuine grit and life to them...The actors who take over the characters as young adults have a much more difficult time registering with the same conviction...(despite their undeniable good looks and charm)...mainly because the "win the money...find the girl" plot drifts so dangerously close to cheap, shrill soap opera...Anyway..."The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button" has more imagination and magic in any one of it's wondrous scenes than this movie has in it;'s entire two hours.

Bless us all, Danny Boyle is in his prime. His "Sunshine" was lifeatleringly effective for me. He does things with a camera that are new, effective. He does better than others in providing a story foundation that fits the cinematic effects. He's visually clever. Its all more than enough for me.Here, he appeases audiences too much for my taste in building a happy ending that has you walking out actually believing that you have seen a happy romance, worthy of Bollywood dance fantasy. This, I suppose is his answer to those who were confused by "Sunshine"s failure to support a common genre. Alas, a shame.But the cinematic bits are more than enough. Quite apart from the romance, what we have here is a (unique I think) synthesis of the film (here a TeeVee show) within that affects the film without plus a similar device of memory within. Here it is both a recall and a storytelling. The earlier in life we go, the more hectic and jagged the visions. It starts with one of the three "City of God" types of choppy editing and slowly bleeds into a normally paced picture. But that "City of God" stuff was mostly just in camera motion, and intended to contrast with the other two "personalities."Here it is in the camera, in the movement of the actors and deeply in the editing. Its integrated and cinematic. Its brilliant. I think that is because of the way Boyle has digested the results of Dogma 95. There was a lot of pretentious stuff in that manifesto, but its core and ultimately its effect has been the opposite of the intended. The capture of the natural to be true has to involve intrusive craft, not lack of craft. Boyle, without notice has picked up Dogma graduates for his crew, more this time than usual.The beginning of this film is true, powerful, full of life, energy. It is real. As it progresses and our hero enters and is accepted into TeeVee land it becomes more romantic and unreal, more like a Bollywood romance. It is more powerful than any from Bollywood because we assume it to be real from the beginning. Clever.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.

Words cannot describe the beauty of this movie. It starts with a curse and ends with a dance/song. The journey that a boy makes from being a Slumdog to a millionaire is the plot as the title suggests. But it is not only that. It shows the conditions of the slums in Bombay, what children have to suffer being a part of that and how they are exploited by people. There are moments in the movie which just stick in your mind. Like the scene when young Jamal falls into a pit full of poop and arises to see Amitabh Bachan. The scene when a young boy is made to learn and sing 'Oh Lord Ghanashyama' written by the famous poet Surdas and then getting his eyes amputated was one of the most gripping scenes of the movie. Salim pulling a revolver to kill a mob king was another excellent scene.Several factors of the Mumbai slums, like the Hindu- Muslim riots, child labor and prostitution were shown in the movie with great art. I also thought that Anil Kapoor and Irrfan Khan did great justice to the roles given to them. The ending was some what that of a typical Indian movie. A R Rehman was at his best with the background scores and he clearly deserves an Oscar.A movie I feel has to show exactness and must be entertaining when showing it. It must have a moral/study and must teach the audience a thing or two. This movie has it. It shows that destiny is something that is made by an individual and not the society that he lives in. His fate is chosen by him, by the way he chooses to live his life. This movie is a must see.

The most over-rated film in the history of cinema.A hideously contrived, illogical, unrealistic portrayal of a nation and peoples whose lives are steeped in poverty, made for the consumption and entertainment of the gluttonous morbidity upon which Westernised base morals gorge their stupified mindsets.The first hour is engaging, fast paced and brilliantly acted by the children, Unfortunately it is done in the manner of a Hollywood action movie, leaving the unpleasant after taste, to those with any sense of discernment, that subsistence and poverty are somehow fun and exciting. However, the emotional bonds between the characters are well defined and at times moving. As they grow up, these bonds remain and the older brother acts as a father figure to his brother and the girl.It is at this point the plot falls apart as he gets involved in murder, mayhem and the sexual abuse and enslavery of the girl for whom he has spent most of his life protecting beyond his own. He turns against his brother and reinvents himself on the back of an absurd plot line involving a thuggish yet moronic Mafiosa gang.The unlikely love story then evolves through numerous plot holes regarding the format of the gameshow, the illogical rationale of the host trying to sabotage the 'slumdog' in his quest for the top prize, the impossible logistics of the 'phone a friend' scenario, all culminating in a nauseous 'happy ending' in which we are supposed to feel SO happy for the lucky couple and view the death of the older brother as some kind of twisted victory for good over evil, or love over money.And yet this film is all about money, consumption and the excess of success. To me the only 'feel good' ending would be for him to have lost the money but got the girl, but for the greed obsessed cinema goer, this wouldn't be enough. He had to have it all, even if by luck, not judgement.As for the ridiculous dance scene at the end, it was a crass, embarrassing and shameful exploitation of Indian culture dressed up in Hollywodd schmaltz. I came out feeling irritable, annoyed, despising everything about this travesty and the overwhelming human response which somehow is enthused and excited rather than intellectually and morally insulted by this obnoxious filth.

During the whole movie, I was already very annoyed at seeing how what is the actual everyday struggle of hundreds of children in India, was treated as a mere video-clip devoid of all genuine emotional involvement, as a colorful and Hollywood-esquire fantasy for rich and fat westerners who see India as a huge larger-than-life zoo.At the end of the movie, when the old "love conquers all" tired cliché oh-so-nicely closes this mushy and soulless frantic mess, the annoyance turned into nausea. People really still buy this crap? Well, I don't.The children are presented as mere pets. What the movie makers do with this movie, is exactly what the thugs do with the children in the movie: exploiting their cuteness with a such a cynicism that it ends up in pure irresponsible cruelty. Anything for the money. All ethics out.This is morally revolting.Danny Boyle once again celebrates (frantic, flashy, noisy, trendy, soulless) style over substance, at the expense of his soul: exploiting human misery as a mere prop, a tool to cash on moviegoers. With high praise at that. What sad, sad times we are living in.

Okay, I just went to see Slumdog, and I had no expectations whatsoever. I went into it with a completely open mind- I had no idea what it was about except that it incorporated Who Wants to be a Millionaire into it. Although I thought the concept was interesting, the way it was executed made the film unenjoyable to watch. It has some scenes that literally made me cringe, and never let up. It goes through every tortuous memory that Jamal had in his childhood. There were no light moments. It was all painful and tortuous memories. And even though the 2 characters fall in love at the end, I didn't find it uplifting at all. Just didn't live up to the hype for me.

I don't say that this is a bad movie.. it's a good movie, but just that.. just a good movie, so I agree with the bad comments, it's overrated.City of God is one of the best movies I ever saw, and this movie resembles to it, but that doesn't mean it's a good thing. I don't know, but seeing this movie just got me the feeling I was watching a soap-opera...and come on.. the questions/answers to the show were coming in the exact chronologically way that happened in Jamal's life - I hated this thing.It's a good movie for this year, but definitely not a great movie. It needs a lower rating!

Slumdog Millionaire is a remarkable film for a number of reasons. Not only is it simply sublime overall (which I will get into later) but it overcomes so many hurdles with such grace and ease, it is worthy of even more admiration. Mirroring director Danny Boyle's genre hopping career is Slumdog's story which seamlessly blends romance, comedy, drama, elements of mystery, action and a devastating portrait of the Mumbai slums. Along with this achievement, it is simultaneously rousing and uplifting, while being intimate and true starring unknown actors, yet has achieved mainstream success in spite of itself. And where so many films this year have failed, the ending, Slumdog only becomes more rewarding. Movies like this come along only once in a blue moon, and are something to be cherished, shared and loved.Following his successful excursion into Sci-Fi with Sunshine, Danny Boyle has teamed up with Bollywood director Loveleen Tandan and the duo have crafted a film that echoes Boyle's character intimacy and artistic style while being richly textured with Tandan's complex love and acceptance of her homeland's tragic dogmata. Framing the narrative is some of the best camera work and art direction of the year, impeccably placed original music and a buoyant score. Taking full advantage of their collective skill, the director's have used hand-held cameras to impeccable results, boasting kinetic energy along with a polish and steadiness that only masters could pull off. From this, the shots open up into breathtaking panoramas of the slums; rich, gritty and beautiful but never in a condescending or exploitative way. Who wants to be a millionaire? Want to or not, Jamal Malik (Dev Patel) is one question away from winning ten million rupees on the Indian version of the widely popular American gameshow. In between episodes, Jamal is whisked away into a police van and interrogated on a suspicion that he is cheating. For how could an uneducated 'slumdog' brought up from poverty make it so far? In custody, Jamal tells the story of how his life's journey along with his brother Salim (Madhur Mittal) and friend and secret love Latika (The stunning Freida Pinto) through tragedy, betrayal and danger had led him to know the answers and how, and truth behind why, he is on the show.The performances of all those involved are nothing short of flawless. From the child stars playing the three leads, to the matured versions, Patel, Mittal and Pinto all should have glowing careers ahead. If this film had a failing, it is that it had to end. For Slumdog Millionaire is such a roar and vibrant celebration of the true nature of the human spirit, and the true cost and meaning of love, it is a film that is both alright to, and effortless to love. Read all my reviews at: http://www.simonsaysmovies.blogspot.com

So did the movie live up to all the Oscar buzz going around? well, in part yes.I gotta say thoroughly enjoyed the first half of the film. It was wonderfully shot; I loved the sequence where the slum boys were being chased with A.R. Rehman's fantastic score in the background. Moreover, the acting of the youngest versions of Salim and Jamal were fantastic.However, the second half kinda let me down a bit. I was not impressed with the older versions of the the lead actors, especially Saleem. He was such a good character at the start but his older version was a poor actor and it just turned into a weak role. Also, the ending could've been better thought out I felt. It was too predictable for me.Overall, this still is a really solid movie, and is definitely one of the year's good ones.

I saw this movie yesterday at MIAAC film festival in New York. I had heard great reviews of this film and was really looking forward to watching this film. the first 10 minutes were fantastic! It won't be an exaggeration if I say that it was work of a genius. I told myself that this is going to be a great, Salaam Bombay type of, film. The filmmaker seemed to completely understand the spirit of Mumbai and Mumbaites.But the next hour and twenty minutes of the film were a disaster. Every clichéd and stereotype imaginable about India, Indian class struggle, Indian religious struggle was reinforced in the film in an even more exaggerated form. Every character in the film was either good or evil, black or white. Every system was either fair or unfair. There was no room for nuances and subtleties. The story telling was too much on the surface. For e.g. a scene from '92 riots, where a bunch of Hindu fanatics were attacking Muslims in their slums. That scene was a biggest turn off for me. I was in fact offended by the insensitivity and insensibility of the filmmaker who presented such a big historical tragedy in simplistic and stereotypical way. I have lived through those riots and I know exactly how it feels. It for sure wasn't as simplistic. And the scene where the two brothers were pushed out of the train because they were stealing bread. Common! Give me a break! I have never seen such things happen in India in my entire lifetime. And I've lived in India for most of my life.Also the kind Caucasian couple who graciously gives $100 to Jamal. I've never seen such kind tourists in India ever. I've seen Western tourists sometimes haggle for 10 cents. Forget India I've never seen such a gracious Caucasian exhibiting such kindness even in New York City.And besides that Caucasian couple nobody from the higher economic strata of the society was kind and generous. Everyone was brutal, cruel, conniving...as if there were only two types of people in Mumbai.This was yet another stereotypical Western view of a "third world country" gone wrong. I think this film is made purely for the Western audience, so that they feel good about themselves. The film does nothing else but reinforces the stereotypes. And after looking at all these favorable reviews I feel that there is a great divide between the way the West sees the world (or wants to see the world) and the way the world really is. One of the roles of media, in my opinion, is to challenge these stereotypes, whereas this film, to become popular, simply reinforces them. The film in my opinion is shallow, lame and absolutely insensible.I gave it a generous four stars because I loved the cinematography and the performances. But I wish I could give negative points for storytelling.

Yet another example of hype obscuring reality. Why, why is this movie acclaimed so? It's dishonest, it's disgusting, it's not believable, and it panders to the needs of a western audience. They see what they want to see and believe.And there are so many people celebrating, and in India? An Indian/Indian origin cast, staff, viewers in India, Indian show hosts, news anchors .... do they know what just happened? A horrible stereotype was reinforced - again. That with a shoddy story, and nonsensical situations - many of which have been mentioned by other viewers.Dump this by the other piece of garbage by Danny Boyle - 'Trainspotting'.

Let's get this straight. I am not here to write an article demeaning the credits of Indian film composer A.R.Rahman and artistic colleagues Resul Pookutty and Gulzar Sahab for winning so many Oscars; lyricist Gulzar being my favourite among them. I simply want to raise a few questions which came to mind during all the hype about much raved about movie Slumdog Millionaire.The hype to me seems rooted in an age old colonial legacy returning, this time in the form of a film.I am not seeking cheap publicity by just being different and running against the tide. And as for the matter of stirring up controversies, though that is a part of my job as a reporter in a democracy, I am ready to face the brickbats.First of all let's get to the point of the identity of the movie. Slumdog is essentially being promoted as a victory for Indian cinema. Get your trousers unfolded folks...it is NOT Indian cinema. The film is a jointly-produced British-American film. Danny Boyle, the director of the movie, said in an interview on Oscar night, that while he is enjoying the the popularity in India, in reality, Slumdog is a completely British film, with all the basic crewmen, concept and funding being British.Hell, right...but probably he also forgot another important thing...Dev Patel, the lead actor and hero of the movie, is a British-born Indian citizen of Britain and in all practical purposes cannot speak his mother tongue properly, let alone Hindi. Gordon Brown, the British prime minister, applauded the movie and its subsequent clean sweep at the prestigious red carpet awards, along with Kate Winslet winning the best actress, as a tremendous victory for the British film industry.Wasn't it expected? Attempts on my part to say anything against Slumdog might be dubbed "unpatriotic". But frankly, I don't see any glory and patriotism in celebrating a film, the name of which itself seems derogatory to me and which is almost entirely crewed by foreigners. (No justification for Resul Pookutty for invoking the "my country, my civilisation" in his Oscar acceptance speech). Is it a poverty-porn movie? Well maybe not to that extent but, make no mistake, developing world poverty is definitely a sellable commodity on the trendy cultural Western scene.Would the film have been equally popular had it been based on a white slum dweller of Europe or Australia, or a trailer park inhabitant of America? The answer is NO...hard but true. This is no rags to riches story folks, wake up...it only sold because it is based on the Mumbai slums of third world India, the ultimate subject to cash in on. And now we come to the storyline, my favourite part to dissect. A lot of genuine good stories are ignored (comparison of Slumdog with the films Milk, Benjamin Button and The Reader is like comparing a James Hadley Chase book with one by Charles Dickens. To define it in cinematic terminology, Slumdog is an old fashioned, highly clichÃ©d, "boy meets girl, boy loses girl, and boy gets girl back" story.What is so great about it then? I am not sure. The acting is amateurish, Frieda Pinto the love interest in the movie is a diva, who acts as a femme fatale in real life too by dumping her long term boyfriend for glamour, post the Slumdog success (but then that is her personal life). Dev Patel is kiddish and Irfan Khan, the only good genuine actor of the lot, is wasted. And yeah, Anil Kapoor who starred in Slumdog, wouldn't have been given a chance had Danny Boyle been an Indian director.I mean please, first Shilpa Shetty and now Anil Kapoor, don't we have any worthy and notable acting talents in India? To me the only stars in the film were the two little kids from Dharavi, who were probably seeing a movie camera for the first time and came through the experience better than the grown ups.The recipe for success, of selling this kind of a fairy tale underdog story, is time tested. I give more credit to the film Elizabeth by Shekhar Kapoor which was shot in England, made its way to the Oscars and was censored in India, with no hype regarding that whatsoever. How ironic it is that similar films are made by Indian film makers, but don't get the needed success at the box office, yet an improbable far- fetched creation from a British brain is acclaimed and worshipped.

Slumdog Millionaire is visually dazzling in spite of showing some of the filthiest possible locales. The soundtrack by A. R. Rahman, though nothing special to Indian audiences, is vastly different from the typical Hollywood fare. The story of two brothers, growing up under similar circumstances but making very different choices and ending up at very different places, is interesting. If you haven't seen it, go see it. The rest of the review contains what might be considered spoilers.In the opening scene of the movie, we find a young man of limited education, Jamal Malik, being tortured by cops in their attempt to squeeze a confession out of him. His crime? - he is one step away from winning the maximum prize money in the popular television quiz show Kaun Banega Crorepati (or Who Wants to be a Millionaire), a feat that the police is convinced he could not have accomplished without cheating. Jamal doesn't confess. Instead he takes us through a whirlwind tour of his life, each episode explaining how he knew the answer to each of the questions he was asked in the show.Or that's what the film-makers would have us believe. How having heard a friend sing a certain song could enable someone to also figure out who wrote that song (the "correct" answer to which is incidentally incorrect) or how the knowledge that a certain kind of revolver has "Colt" as part of its name could enable him to figure out that a Mr.Colt and not a Mr.Revolver invented the revolver are things that neither the cop nor the viewer is allowed to ask. Perhaps the viewer is also not allowed to ask how some slum-children could trespass into airport runways to play cricket (no security? no walls and barb-wired fences? why would they want to do that anyway? was there no other place to play?), or why a cop would chase these little trouble-makers not only out of the airport but all the way to their homes, or whether anyone would ever jump into a pile of you-know-what, or why hardened criminals would depend on beggars for their source of income instead of the usual murder, extortion, drugs, prostitution, illegal arms and smuggling, or why a prostitute would resent living comfortably as a rich gangster's girlfriend, or why no one panics or shouts or calls the police or even notices when several gangsters chase a woman through a busy railway station in broad daylight openly flaunting their guns and knives until they finally drag her into a car and drive away. There's a scene where a rope is tied to a boy's ankle and another boy holds the other end of the rope while standing on the roof of a moving train and lowers the first boy upside-down so he can steal food from the window. Now, why would anyone attempt this Mission Impossible inspired stunt when they can simply walk past the window when the train is stopping at a station and achieve the same result?The less I say about the difficulty of the questions asked the better. Living in India and not knowing who Amitabh Bachchan is, is like living in America and not knowing who Michael Jackson is. Asking an Indian what the Hindu God Ram has in His hand is like asking an American how Jesus died. Never mind the fact that if he didn't know how Ram looked, he couldn't have figured out he was looking at Ram when he saw a boy painted blue. And the final question? Oh, please! Any 8-year-old would know the answer to that one! And why was the show telecast live again? Every time someone won the maximum amount in the real Kaun Banega Crorepati in India, it was in the news and the promos days before the show was telecast. So it's common knowledge that these shows are not shown live. The real host of KBC, Mr.Amitabh Bachchan also never makes fun of the contestants and goes out of the way to make them feel comfortable.Nevertheless, I can understand why the movie was so popular. At a time when financial markets were crashing and people were losing their jobs, Slumdog gave people hope. It told them to stop thinking with their heads and believe in their hearts that by some miraculous turn of events, everything will be alright.

Has anyone noticed that the heads are cut off the children in almost every scene? what does that say about the care that went into this movie when even low budget movies can manage to put in some quality control? The story is full of plot holes which show poor workmanship for a film rated best picture. For instance, why is the final question so easy on the game show which is about a children story that is clearly taught to people of Mumbai and should not be a hard fact at all for these people? that does not make any sense. also another lame attempt at writing is "Javed" finding out "Latika" escaped when he hears it on TV in his own house when he is the crime boss that demanded not to watch that show?

I’ve never read the book on which this is based but my main reaction to the film was that it would have been vastly improved by removing all the sections based around Millionaire and just telling the story straight. Oh, that and all the main characters should have died in a hail of bullets in the final scene. It just doesn’t work as a film in any coherent way. I imagine the meeting where the film is first pitched – “It’s about the poverty of Indian children who live in the slums and how they have miserable and exploited lives – no wait, the high concept is that we can make it a feelgood movie with a happy ending and some Bollywood music and dance.” In the end we have film in which the poverty and misery is made to look chic by the way it’s shot and musically scored underpinned by all the usual Hollywood clichés. The result is something that people who really don’t care about movies can think is arty and of course it’s perfect Oscar fodder. It’s exotic, it’s abroad, it’s a bit harrowing but not too much, it has a happy ending. (Goodness knows what kind of sheltered lives some of the critics on IMDb have led if they think the violence and poverty shown here is too horrific for their weak constitutions. The problem is that it’s not real enough). I like fantasy. I like realism. On the whole I don’t think they mix well. (Pan’s Labyrinth being another example where the mixture really doesn’t work.) Danny Boyle has tried to have his cake and eat it too. It obviously worked at the box office but it didn’t work for me.

The hype. So often Hollywood picks a slum film and just blows it up. I think it is the Tarzan white director thing again. Just like if Clint Eastwood did a Chinese film you know it would get an Oscar. human beings are pack hunters and they follow the pack. Compared to anything you can see in a film festival what exactly is so special about this film. Its not Forest Gump which moves and takes you places. The funny thing is the film is moving but going no where. I made no investment in the characters, I didn't care about him. He was not real, his acting definitely want very good either. So character development isn't there. The story is stupid to be blunt. The concept is narrow and just not that interesting. If a script is written from a concept, it is very different from if it is written from a story of human beings on a journey. A collection of unrealistic superhuman independent sketches put together in a cutting room and some of those sketches don't even add anything to the story. Now someone over sold this film and I went out an bought the DVD at the New release rate. Biggest waste of money. I could have got 3 DVDs for the price of this one, I had Valkyre in one hand and I cant believe I put that down for this cotton candy junk. The inter splicing is so over used you would think the director would be able to use it to effect. However it more kills the timing than adds any value. The film takes from cinema and gives absolutely nothing back. There is nothing in this film that you could show to a film student and say here is a good example of Casting is horrid, continuity in terms of the stories intention is amateur. The music is disconnected from the visuals, loud and mood killing save 1 or 2 love themes. It does boast good editing, or good anything. Searching hard I found the 5.1 mix to be well done and that it is itooh the DVD box cover was really funky. That is how stupid this film is.

I sincerely do hope that my comment gets published because I really want it to!. Firstly, I am an Indian, lived in India for 22 years before moving to US. Moreover, I am a proud Hindu if that makes any difference. And Yes, I am a proud worshiper of Shri Ram. Anyone who has a minute understanding of Hinduism will testify what was shown about him in the movie was incorrect. Anyway, in my entire life I have never gone chasing around "Innocent" Muslims. We will come to that later. I am not surprised that this particular movie won these many Oscars and that the movie was made when the government in India is a pseudo-secular supporting party. No wonder the victim was shown to be a Muslim, the Muslim Music Director and Composer who had a field day abusing the image of India won Laurels and Oscars Abroad!.Secondly, the issue about Poverty. Yes, limbs are cut off people to make them beg in India. Yes, there is poverty present. But I have a simple question to ask?. Isn't there poverty abroad in US or UK?. Please don't tell me otherwise as I have been to Detroit, Michigan and South Chicago. For a while I was also at Downtown Los Angeles. At least a poor in India can walk safely in the night but I am not sure it would be that safe from the Homeless in Detroit, Chicago, LA or Downtown New york. My message is this,Get over it West!. 10% of US population is homeless. If call centers and software weren't outsourced to "Third World" countries like India where the currency is artificially manipulated to be undervalued to help the almighty Dollar (Wasn't a 100 dollar bill shown in the movie?), much of the west would have already been on the streets by now. And yes, looking at the current Recession that would be inevitable it seems. Entire world knows how rich the west is when most of the Banks in US are bankrupt. Let me not go into our former "Colonial power" UK where I have heard that the situation is even worse.Let me tell you one fact to the West whether you believe me or not. The Liberal Left Political party in India, The Congress party has ruled India for 90% of the time. They have encouraged(in fact promoted by all efforts) unimaginable poverty, slums, Muslim ghettoization because every 5 years during election time they ask them for their votes promising the gullible Indian population that this time they will improve their pathetic poverty but they do not. And now they have the audacity to promote this movie and attack the Hindu population who are largely tolerant and hard working but follow the disgusting caste system. (But believe me Caste System is NOT responsible for today's India). It is not a MATTER of pride for us that India is poor. Everyday we cry wishing that someday we can eliminate the poverty in India vis a vis China. But this movie sadly promotes the agenda of the liberal left in India to continue to rule and to make sure that India remains poor.

There have been many overrated movies in recent years (The Queen, Little Miss Sunshine, Babel, Atonement, Juno, etc.), but Slumdog Millionaire has the distinction of being the worst. This so-called film is implausible to the extreme, has virtually no character development, and contradicts its own rags-to-riches message. Danny Boyle tries to hide these flaws with flashy camera-work and editing. But viewers who think when they watch movies will see right through these devices. That says something about the members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, who singled Slumdog Millionaire out as an outstanding achievement in writing and direction, and even named it the best film of the year. This isn't merely absurd, it's a travesty.

What's all the excitement generated by this 2008 film? In the old days of the 1950s, this picture would be nothing more than a grade B film and everyone knows that.Will this film join AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS, AN American IN Paris and UNFORGIVEN as well as Shakespeare IN LOVE and go on to win a much undeserved best picture Oscar? If academy voters voted such stinkers as the above films in, SLUMDOG will probably follow as a winner.The first 20 minutes of the film was absolutely disgusting and nauseating to watch. We know that we're not dealing with Park Avenue, New York City here but the scenes were a little too much to take.We do have somewhat of a good plot here- how a young man relates the questions asked of him to his earlier brutal life.We've also seen films how 2 brothers with a miserable background can go either way in life. We're also reminded of the corruption facing the quiz shows of the 1950s.

Young Jamal (Dev Patel) is a contestant on the verge of winning 20 million rupees on the Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" How it is it possible that orphaned "slumdog" Jamal can answer all the questions so far, when so many others have failed? Sergeant Srinivas (stalwart Saurabh Shukla) would also like to know, in his interrogation of suspected cheat Jamal. I had heard about much of the storyline of Director Danny Boyle's "Slumdog Millionaire" prior to finally seeing it. The "Millionaire" game show plot device initially on the surface seems contrived, as a way for Writer Simon Beaufoy to explore the story of Jamal through a series of riveting and captivating flashbacks.However, about half an hour through the movie I got it: "It's about the girl." Perhaps, midway through, there is a scene of movie magic where direction, story, and performance culminate together. Jamal waits for the love of his life Latika (stunningly beautiful Freida Pinto) at the train station. Jamal is distraught thinking Latika has dismissed him. Suddenly, she arrives. She looks up and sees Jamal, and lets out a smile. Not a word is spoken. It's about the girl."Slumdog Millionaire" is a timeless love story, and the best movie of the year. "Slumdog Millionaire" follows the story of Jamal, Latika, and Jamal's older brother Salim (Madhur Mittal) from the time they were orphaned children to now. Theirs is a story of tragedy, innocence lost, courage, and love. Danny Boyle is the mesmerizing and poignant storyteller. Simon Beaufoy's screenplay based on the novel "Q & A" by Vikas Swarup is beautiful and touching. All the actors, who play the lead characters at various stages of their lives, are amazing and authentic. Boyle generates the enrolling spirit throughout "Slumdog Millionaire"-- the story he tells is passionate and inspiring.Jamal and Salim become orphans as children following a Muslim massacre. They befriend orphaned Latika. Latika is destined to become the love of Jamal's life. They are all taken in by a ruthless group that enslaves children as beggars. Jamal and Salim manage to escape, but lose Latika. Years later Jamal and Salim rescue Latika, but at the cost of Salim's very soul. Salim chooses the dark path, one from which he can not return. Jamal is really now alone. His redemption may lie in "Millionaire", but not for the obvious reasons. His is for love and for Latika.Eventually, Jamal reunites with Salim and grown up Latika. Life has not turned out as all had envisioned. At the story arc Jamal confesses to Latika, "I love you." She replies, "It's too late." She implores Jamal, "Forget me." Dev Patel and Freida Pinto are amazing, and the heart and soul of "Slumdog Millionaire". Yes, it's about the girl. More to the point: it's about the power of the human spirit, and love. There is tremendous pain and suffering, and at the same time deep compassion, selfless sacrifice, and redemption. "Slumdog Millionaire" is a very special movie.

While this film tries to make a point about the effects of slum dwelling and the criminality of slum-dog life for orphans, the stitching of the theme into the "Who wants to be a millionaire" background breaks sense of credibility. There seems so much stereotyping of the Indian culture for a western audience that it makes one wonder how credible much of the scenes are. To me it was a disappointing film as one could predict the final outcome well in advance. I was left wondering if the film was intended as a comical satire or as a dramatic portrayal of an orphaned survival in the slums of Mumbai. Too many of the characters played roles that were too unrealistic to make a meaningful sense of drama stick.

The language in which the characters speak is the soul of a movie. Cidade de Deus, Shichinin no samurai, Ladri di biciclette were made in native language and so the originality of the movie was intact even though I watched those movies with English subtitles. Slumdog millionaire is totally lacking on this aspect and it is definitely not a film to be rated in the top 250.I understand that the movie is made for western audience. But, It would have been better if the movie was made in Hindi and was released with subtitles to the western audience (similar to Lagaan).I prefer watching movies in native language with subtitles than watching a dubbed movie. So, it was hard for me to digest the characters communicating in English instead of in Hindi. This is definitely a major flaw and so the movie falls flat on its face.It is not surprising to look at rave comments from western audience, but this movie is not for me and also for those if at all there is anyone who feels that language is the soul of a movie.

The riveting start, the charming middle and the fairytale ending really does the trick. You will feel really good leaving the cinema hall.There are not many flaws in this movie. The only major flaw would be character development and the emotional factor in the love scenes. Other than that, nothing. Really, nothing !People are saying that this film shows a very negative side of India. But I say that about 28% of India live in this way and we just ignore it. Only the middle class and the ultra rich enjoy India's development fruits and I think the film shows a few hints of it here and there.The plot is not the usual rags to riches story, but if you are an Indian, you would think I have seen many films like this...but this is not one of "those" many films. This a fairy tale movie with a realistic touch to it. This is a film you should not miss. Danny Boyle has succeeded in making a very good movie.

I really enjoyed Slumdog Millionaire. There is absolutely nothing wrong with an occasional feel good, happy ending to a movie, especially a movie which is fairly well written n has a good story. Slumdog Millionaire is one of those rare films that comes along every once in a while that is simply breathtaking. At times it is hard to watch the violence towards the children in this film. But a true feel good in the end. Ultimately, the victory that counts is off-screen: it's the artistic triumph of one man, who delivered the feel-good movie of the decade. Best direction by Danny Boyle. Slumdog Millionaire is much better than City of God. The message of grit and hope the movie carries has resonated with the people world over. It gives them the hope that not all is lost, things will become OK if you hang in there. Luck would favor you if you tread the straight path with perseverance. "Jamal, son is it you? You have my blessings, go win it all". That poor lady's wishes n prayers really came true.Professional actors always look like they are acting - its just that we get used to it. The people in this film for the most part are not professional actors, especially the kids, but they acted very well. Truly this film is the "world's first globalised masterpiece". One of the reasons why this is a feel-good film for me because one cannot help but along the way, rooting for Jamal to succeed. From every point of view, acting, direction, cinematography, music to any little detail of the film you name it, has been worked on almost to perfection, to create refreshing tale of love, betrayal, crime and Destiny. Screenplay by Simon Beaufoy was excellent. Music by A. R. Rahman was excellent. Cinematography by Anthony Dod Mantle was excellent. Editing by Chris Dickens was excellent. Sound Mixing by Resul Pookutty, Richard Pryke, and Ian Tapp was excellent.

Jamal Malik has made it onto the Indian version of Who Wants to Be A Millionaire and he has to recount his very strange and tragic life to explain how he knows so many of the answers.The structure of Slumdog Millionaire, not the plot itself, is about the only thing I can truly commend this movie for. The way it unfolds with Jamal giving us bits and pieces of his life as he makes his way through the questions on a game show is an extremely clever and original way to have a story play out. This is where my admiration for Slumdog ends.The acting isn't bad, but it isn't great either. Danny Boyle used actual Mumbai slum children for the roles so I can give the acting a pass. What I can't give a pass to is the obvious attempt to manipulate the audience using sympathy inducing tragedies.I'm not saying that children in Mumbai slums don't have it bad, I'm sure they do. What I'm saying is that watching a character bumble through tragedy after tragedy just so we will feel sorry for them is neither entertainment nor film. This is an obvious attempt to play on the audience's emotions. You put a poor slum kid through the ringer and then give him a million dollars and the girl of his dreams at the end of the movie and everyone in the theater is supposed to think: "thank god he finally got some happiness." Not Me.First of all, if the girl meant so much to him he shouldn't have got the million because that is a much more meaningful message: You don't need money if you have love.Second of all, after enough tragedy happens to one character it becomes meaningless and unrealistic. Every single bad thing in the world is not going to happen to one person, sorry it just doesn't make sense. For true drama to work it has to be at least somewhat rooted in reality, this isn't. They had every tragedy they could think of happen to Jamal just so the audience would feel sorry for him.That is what truly annoys me about Slumdog; the fact that because of this strategy it has received such critical acclaim and won the best picture Oscar. No one wants to criticize a movie like this or they will feel like they are being cruel to all the poor slum children in the world. It's very frustrating.

This was a very well thought out movie which deserved to win the Academy Award for best picture in '2008. Based on an impoverished citizen from India who went on to be a contestant on "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire", the whole plot manufactures a very ironic correlation. It appeared as though any question that the "slumdog" was compelled to answer on this show, ultimately became a supercilious reflection of some kind of experience in his precarious life. As the plot thickened, so did the depiction relating to the intensity of oppression and emotional disarray that besieged the "slumdog" with regards to his whole dubious environment.This American film, which had a lot of Indian actors and actresses, as well as many Indian producers, wound up being one of the best American films ever made in recent history. The cinematography was sensational, the acting was thoroughly believable, and the directing was emphatically first rate! Any film which wins the Academy Award for best picture in the year it is made, will often times make a concerted effort to purport a unique ideological perspective to the movie audience. I thought "Slumdog Millionaire" was the well deserved recipient of the Academy Award for best film in '2008! I firmly believe this to be true mostly on account of the fact that "Slumdog Millionaire" cleverly articulated a pejorative authenticity with it's set of prevailing circumstances!! Anyone who is interested in seeing one of the best films in American history, they should view "Slumdog Millionaire" See this movie!! Five stars!! Definitely!!

This movie was all right, it wasn't bad but it also wasn't spectacular. I really think that the movie industry needed that one special film to push for awards season and Slumdog was a safe bet. The film wasn't nearly as gritty and dramatic as City of God (and I was told that it would be) and all in all, I expected a little bit more out of Danny Boyle (Trainspotting, 28 Days Later, Shallow Grave). There were more than a few plot holes that I guess every movie critic that saw the film decided to ignore (like how the heck does he actually get onto the show?). Also, Sri Lankan rapper M.I.A.'s music is terrible for the film and sounds kind of corny when played in context with some of the scenes. I mean, let's face it: "Paper Planes" was old the minute the first screening of the Pineapple Express trailer was finished; and Slumdog Millionaire plays this particular song like three different times in the film. Also, the dance sequence at the end of the film is just plain dumb (I'm guessing its paying tribute to Bollywood films or something); it really takes away from the dramatic punch and tone that the film had been trying to establish.

This site is not doing well. I consider this film, slow, tedious and very stereotyped. Even the love shown by Jamal to the girl I've seen too predictable. The first 15 minutes are OK then it becomes boring. You gave a 8.6 to a kind of filth and 8.2 in sin city while Spelberg, Lucas, Hanks, Kubrick since 6000 should have to vote. It 'a shame. The films for intellectuals are very fashionable and spectacular films now have no more success. this film deserves 4 nominations OSCE are exaggerated, in this excellent film site had scarcely sufficiency or seven while this filth stole a 8.6 at this site to view the meters are unpacking. Shame.

In obedience to some feeling - a subjective one - I want to embrace Danny Boyle's "Slumdog Millionaire" because in a medium of much darkness, here is film that sparkles like a halo in the night sky, with images so visible, and so visibly distinct, they replay in your mind long after the screening. Within a few days of seeing most movies I forget most of the individual shots in predilection of the most fruitful, whatever they should be in regards to visuals or sound properties. I saw this movie a week ago, and can recall virtually every scene, but deeper than that, the number of moments within a scene are unforgettable. Yes, if you are familiar with Boyle's filmography you will not think this notion even mildly curious. He is a very good filmmaker, and a show-off. Could he make a straight-in-front-of-you drama like "The Godfather" if he was asked? Could he let the actors pull more of the dramatic crux from their talent? If "Slumdog Millionaire" were a novel I would describe it as an aureate piece of fiction. The movie, by chance, was actually based on a book and, sinceI have read the work, I am pre-empting myself by saying it does not fall into the same category of this movie. Q and A, by novelist Vikas Swarup, is a great read, and if you love the movie I suggest you take the time to investigate the source material. Unlike the book, which relied heavily on the main character's sorrow at being refused his deserved winnings, "Slumdog Millionaire" rallies to a higher level of narrative complexity, aiming most prominently for a tagged-on love interest. Romance in a fairytale is fair game, but not so much when the actual actors are sidelined by the filmmaker. There are hundreds of brilliant shots throughout, more than most cinematic experts will have experienced all year. The harsh reality is that the style weighs outthe substance, especially if you are an Aristotelian disciple. The screenplay exhibits a discomposure that leaves an inertia on the experience, however magical it may have appeared.The best way to understand a person is to tell stories about them. The best way to tell stories is to jump from one tale to another with no method to the process. In "Slumdog Millionaire," the stories we learn about the young man at the heart of the picture, Jemal (Dave Patel), are told in the actual sequence of order he lived through them. Every scene of his past is grooved into specific episodes that are related to the series of questions he is asked on the Indian version of a popular television quiz show. The movie ponders Jemal's status as a contestant; a successful contestant no less. Time and time again Jemal comes up the correct answer. How is he doing it all - even when he admits to not knowing an answer for sure, his instinct comes up trumps? Lady-luck is on his side if we accept his word as honesty personified. Maybe he is regurgitating information linked to him through some intricately sophisticated crowd partnership? Is he simply fortunate, or a genius posing as a slumdog? Not every man can be great, but greatness in men can appear from anywhere, including the poverty-stricken slums of Mumbai.Read the full review at my personal website: --http://www.sightforallseasons.co.nr

HOW THE HELL DID THIS WIN ANYTHING OVER BENJAMIN BUTTON????????????????? This was a terrible movie!!! A kid playing Jeopardy??? I can watch Jeopardy for free on TV. This movie was so stupid, and whats with the damned subtitles flying all over the screen? Thats not creative, its retarded. And so is the story. This is not an intellectual movie, this is a movie for idiots. 1 out of 10.Horrible movie. Horrible Cast. Horrible Story. Totally unOscar worthy. WHY Oscar JUDGES??? WHY??? Are you guys all THAT stupid?? Stop picking these horrible independent movies and pick the movies that are actually GOOD!

Finally I saw 'Slumdog Millionaire', And to say I was disappointed, would be an understatement. Separately, each element of the film, seems to be a great, at least a good film in the making. But put together, it doesn't add up to anything more than an average film. As a whole, I am not left with a great cinematic experience at the end of the film.And my criticism is not about the usual objections brought up. I have no issues with the depiction of poverty in the movie. In fact contrary to the brouhaha, I hardly found any intense depiction of poverty. Yes, there is a gut-wrenching scene of a boy's eyes being gorged out. But its more about evil element the boys confront and overcome, which doesn't make the whole movie about stark poverty, like good old Mrinal Sen movies. Bollywood films have shown much more of these horrifying scenes, and we have seen them without batting an eyelid. So its not fair to point fingers at Mr Danny Boyle for this. If Indian films can show our poverty in its most crass state, why cant Mr Boyle ? My criticism is purely about the technicalities of film making. Now that will immediately make you sit up and sarcastically question me, if I am an authority on it myself. Well, I am not. But I am a viewer and movies are for the masses just not for a selected few "knowledgable" persons. And as a viewer, I am left emotionless at the end of the film. Neither did it make me cry, nor did it make me laugh. Neither did I shed a single tear drop in the entire film, nor did it bring out a chuckle. Neither did it make me introspect or philosophize nor was it informative and accurate. And most importantly there is not a single moment in the movie to be taken away and remembered, like there are so many in Munnabhai MBBS , Rang De Basanti or Life is Beautiful. Not to mention our evergreen classic Sholay, which has so many great moments sprinkled all across the film - any filmmaker would be proud to have even one of those scenes in his or her film. Unfortunately 'Slumdog Millionaire' has none.Despite trying to infuse complexity and different layers in the story telling, 'Slumdog Millionaire' remains a simple linear form of story telling. It races through the narrative, without slowing down or harping on any moment. Its trying to shock us, but I am rather surprised at its complete lack of emotional connect, more due to the way the movie speeds through from one scene to the other.But I am not surprised the western critics and reviewers fell for this movie. There are so many stereotypes that the west just loves. But the master stroke in Mr Boyle's strategy was to use real slum boys for the film. This is impossible for the west to ignore , and lo behold the movie gets ten Oscar nominations.I am a firm believer of "willing suspension of disbelief" when it comes to viewing films, but Slumdog Millionaire's' unique selling preposition lies in its realism. And keeping that in mind I find it absolutely unbelievable that a boy who has become a national star on the sets of "Who wants to become a millionaire" could be tortured by cops. Can you believe what would happen to the cops and to the show organizers, when the news reaches the media ? I know this movie is difficult to criticize. The subject is such  children, that too poor children battling the odds in their lives. Our mind cant be so politically incorrect as not to like it. And especially now, when the whole world is appreciating it. I feel like the child in the tale of the 'King's New Clothes'. Neither am I a filmmaker nor an expert critic, but I am surprised that no one had the courage or the honesty to criticize the film for its real merit or the lack of it. The only criticism the movie has received has been on trivial and irrelevant issues, outside the meaningful discussion of film-making.The subject of the film is interesting and the screenplay Mr Boyle got to work with, must have been any director's delight  a definite recipe for success. But the end product in form of 'Slumdog Millionaire' is mundane and ordinary. Mr Boyle is unable to portray the complexity of the characters and situations and the narration is too fast and flat without exploring the minds of the protagonists. 'Slumdog Millionaire' is visually interesting, but not stimulating to the mind at all. The film moves from one scene to the other at a rapid pace without trying to emotionally connect the characters to the audience. Mr Boyle as a filmmaker is definitely not in the league of Robert Benigni or Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra. And not even of the débutant director Florian Henckel Von Donnersmarck, who made the brilliant 'Lives of Others', which left me speechless.Despite having a winner of a theme on hand, Mr Boyle fails in pure film-making terms. Luckily for Mr Boyle, the juries world over have stuck to political correctness and have not been able to discard such a socially sensitive and a cinematically attractive issue.And while the music and songs of the film are good and would have been commendable coming from any other composer, its definitely not among Reham's best. In fact it doesn't even remotely match up to his masterpieces from 'Rang De Basanti, Swades or the upcoming 'Delhi 6'.Without viewing 'Slumdog Millionaire' through the spectrum of awards and only on the basis of pure objectivity and cinematic yardsticks, the movie fails miserably. And Mr Boyle falls short as a filmmaker. This is definitely one of the most overrated film of this millennium.

Slumdog Millionaire is one of the most difficult Academy pictures of the year to sit through. What must they have been thinking to have nominated this movie in the first place? It is not outstandingly acted, has a thin and disconnected plot, and doesn't even tell a good story. Any movie that relies on subtitles (or in this case, "sidetitles") is difficult at best and Slumdog is no exception. To the actor's credit, one can almost figure out what is go happening even though the "sidetitles" are missed. On the big screen, cannot enjoy the movie and finish reading the "sidetitles" before they disappear. On the little screen (and that includes 50 inch HD), the "sidetitles" are impossible. One finds themselves watching for where they are going to pop up next and then tries with frustration to read them before the next one pops up on the other side of the screen. This is one to forget and it is a shame that it is even placed on a par with such as Gone with the Wind

The first 45 minutes of the film turned out to be actually very very good - in the waters of City of God. However, later on in the film, sunk in the the cheesiness, pretentiousness and the banal ending which killed the whole thing.I understand this is a realistic take on a intrinsically cheesy way of storytelling, but nevertheless I felt it should have been a less phony outcome.The film itself stands as a praise for a state of mind which strands millions of miserable souls to those miserable slums...Hence the mega-idiotic and ultimately shallow poster.

I don't know why the Indian Government didn't take any action for spoiling the name of India.THIS MOVIE WILL DEFINITELY GET A TRASH Oscar AWARD BUT NOT THE REAL Oscar AWARD.If this film gets a Oscar award then i guess the Oscar people are the dumbest people ever. THIS MOVIE SHOULD BE BANNEDWORST MOVIE EVER BEFORE WATCHING THIS MOVIE TURN OFF YOUR BRAIN AND WATCH IT BECAUSE THEIR IS NO SENSE IN THE MOVIE TO USE YOUR BRAIN.This has also created a negative image in the western world about IndiaKeywords: worst, fake, Brainless Director

This must be the most overrated film of the 21st century. I don't know why it's held in such high regard by critics - or why it was very successful. It should have won Razzies. If I could give it no stars, I would. This film haphazardly cuts back and forth in time so you don't know where you are chronologically. It's not credible that a TV channel would torture a winner of its show. They love it when someone wins the jackpot, because it provides them with a great deal of good publicity.The romance between the protagonist and Frieda Pinto's character is preposterous and isn't adequately explained. Poor, skinny, geeky, teenage boys don't get to have sex with hot girls.This is promoted as a feel-good film, which is a huge lie. It's very much a feel-bad film. It includes severe poverty, false imprisonment, torture and a child being submerged in human excrement.

How can this film be described? A number of things pop up quickly such as Inaccurate and Exaggerated. The plot just like the portrayal of India is completely unrealistic While film has the ability to be imaginative and creative it should never cross the line where it insults the viewers intelligence. And boy does it insinuate a lot. We have to believe that some person from a poor background has a memory that just so happens to answer every question in Millionaire. First the movie puts down a great country and people who do not have very good lives and then it is plausible for this person to know all the answers because he has 'experienced' life. Unless he is similar to Michael Ross from Suits and has a photographic memory this is ludicrous.This movie portrays a flawed but beautiful country in a very poor and negative light. It focuses on the negative aspects of India such as its poverty and sadly that is all we see. However in reality Mumbai has a number of beautiful parts and in certain areas it is quite heavenly. A number of key settings and themes is completely exaggerated. Bribery does exist in government but this is mostly at an administrative level, where a 'gift' can expedite something. Slums are a problem and exist on the outskirts of the city - very important to note. Over time they developed as a result of people with no education, prospects or savings who started living on the outer side of the big city because they found it hard to earn a living. Sadly India does not have welfare or assistance in the commercial and capitalist capital of the country. They lived illegally and still do on city grounds and rake in income by an means possible, sadly this involves having many children to beg for money. As you can imagine this behavior has compounded and out of control but - not a central part of the city. Slums and slum live is not Mumbai or India and is a lie in film to show a country exists in this state. What is disheartening is Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto and the Indian production staff who exploited their own country and they know is a lot better for some Hollywood stardom. When you have cowardice and people with no backbone within the country what do you expect? They were too happy to serve India's head on a platter to a Western audience that is constantly happy to see poverty and sadness in other countries to feel better about themselves. An audience that would like to see differences of a third world so they can ignore the shortcomings in their own backyard which is why this film was well received, lets not deny it.This movie showed waste in India but the real waste is the film itself. It is a disgrace to a great nation, a lie broadcast to Hollywood and an over exaggerated movie. I think I can pin point when the Academy awards lost its credibility.

I saw this film sometime back and yes, I was listening to the much hyped "Jai Ho" on radio the other day when I decided to share my views on this film (sorry, piece of junk) with the world.This is JUNK. No two ways about it. Right from the opening shot to the closing credits, everything smacks of garbage here. Is this a movie? Does it even qualify as one? If this is the script of a multi-Oscar winning movie, then there is no credibility of awards anymore. Imagine yourself being beaten black and blue by the cops and administered with 3rd degree torture. Can you go and sit for a reality quiz show immediately after that? Hail Mr. Boyle, even Dabangg is better than this.It is such monstrous absurdity that makes this crap, which reminds me that the protagonist is also shown to fall into a pool of feces at one point and come out of it too. Clearly, vomit-inducing. I can't believe that civilized Westerners actually like such stuff, such unrealistic images of squalor and poverty. If they really do, this is truly a classic! Yes, bring on the Oscars! This is a classic! You know what I mean. No stars from me. Thank you. Enough said.

I wonder where are the days of Hollywood has gone...We have seen the movies like 'On The Waterfront','A Streetcar Named Desire', 'Raging Bull', 'The Godfather','Scent Of A Woman'.....The standard has definitely deteriorated since then...The Academy Award jury were intrigued by the alien concept of the making of Hindi cinema... the films comes nothing close to reality or inspiring...it received Academy Award which does not make any sense to me....it is worthless to comment on acting....i wonder which school in the slums of Mumbai teach 'The Three Musketeers' written by Alexander Dumas???? Mr. Boyle seemed to be lost somewhere in love story of Jamal & Latika, the Mumbai gangster life and the TV show....in long term it will seem to be a mistake by the Academy Award jury..

I put Slumdog into the DVD player and I was psyched! Everyone was raving about how great it was and I just couldn't wait. As I watched it I was looking for the good aspects of the film, that great aspect that made it as great as it was supposed to be. Was it there? If it was I didn't find it. I found predictable, average, and no redeeming qualities.The plot. Okay, I get it, it sucks to live in the slums. Can we skip that because I prefer not to spend hours looking at other's sucky lives. Was I supposed to be amazed they were kidnapped? Was I supposed to be shocked they spooned out their eyes so they'd make more money? I wasn't. I already knew all of that, and, quite honestly, they do that much younger and without all the voice training years. All that was was a plot stall to explain a few questions that no one would remember anyway.The acting. What's supposed to be hard to play there? These characters had so little depth to them that if you can show happiness and sadness and a blank face you get the part. They showed all three of those emotions really well, but...I thought there were more emotions than that.And then it was predictable. The couple ends up together. So wasn't expecting that. Despite the fact that they spent half their life not knowing each other in between childhood and ending up together they still love each other. How sweet.So why did this win the Oscars? Because it was 'Hindi.' It wasn't. White people made it to look like they're not racist. They're not and I don't think anyone thinks they are, so stop embarrassing yourselves.

I saw this movie with much anticipation because of the medias and all...but I disappointed when i saw, then I just wondered, how that movie won 8 Oscars including Best Picture... Nothing is special in that except typical Slum area, that also very simple in Indian movies, then in some situation the Background Music gives some energy, rather than nothing special I could find on that...... The director allowed too many chances for Coincidence....Starting from Coincidence and running through Coincidence and ending with Coincidence............ This is an example the Oscar group's judgment is sometimes really unpredictable.... And also this is not suitable for Master Piece or Best Movie Ever or something like High rated......

Please, please tell me why so many of you people love this piece of crap?! It will probably take my entire life to figure it out! I'm gonna tell you the reason why I still gave it a 4. It's the ambition, the ambition of Danny to make a different movie, which is obvious if only you see half of the movie. The difference lies in the storytelling. A boy reveals his life by explaining to the suspicious policemen why he, an uneducated slumdog boy, managed to win amazingly great money that no one ever did in the history of the program Who Wanna Be The Millionaire. Deservedly it is great storytelling. Yet a great storytelling alone is never enough to make a great movie.Remember the excitement we had after we saw Pulp Fiction? Was the excitement purely out of the outstanding storytelling? Certainly not, we love the storytelling because it is combined with shining acting, fascinating music, deep ideas, and solid ending. The storytelling is just a skeleton, and the other things make the flesh. How beautiful can a great skeleton be if there is little decent flesh on it? Pulp Fiction is strong both inside and outside, however, Slumdog Millionaire, just has a nice outside.Before I saw Slumdog Millionaire, many people told me it is the Indian version of City Of God, and I felt even more excited when I found its director is Danny. But after I saw it, I was completely disappointed. Because Danny did the stupid thing again! After his greatest movie Trainspotting, this guy seemed have turned to someone nobody can recognize. Look at 28 days later, it could have been a milestone if he had added a unique idea for it; The Beach, great acting and story, but the ending, so so disgustingly stupid... You will easily fall in love with these two movies if you see the first half only... Why Danny, why always lack a little bit to be great? Slumdog Millionaire has the same and new problems. The end is as meaningless as The Beach; the lack of ideas is inherited from 28 Days Later. And the new problems this time are terrible! The music is sick; the whole plot is very very far-fetched and unnatural: how did the two characters fall in love; this is a movie talking about things in India, and it is honorably compared with City Of God because they are both about the crime and violence in the worst places of the world(India and Brazil), however, if you wanna introduce something violent and horrifying, you should do it in a violent and horrifying way. So many people that like this movie say Slumdog Millionaire is the City Of God without blood. That just doesn't make any sense! If there is no blood, it's not India at all!!!I almost lost my faith in Oscar when I saw it gave so many nominations to Slumdog Millionaire but not The Dark Knight and The Wrestler... They are truly solid movies.

A film about a young boy in India who implausibly makes it all the way to the final round of India's version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". It's not that he is a genius, it just so happens that the 20 questions they ask him coincide with the 20 most important instances of his young life! The answers are so ingrained in him, that they are a part of his very being! From the religion that caused his mothers death to the song that almost made him blind, every question is a chance for us to revisit his life story and reveal the "heart wrenching" past that made this boy who he is. Oh, and did I mention that the questions also just happen to be in chronological order, so that we get his life story all neatly packed up in a coherent time line that builds to the end of the film? What genius writing this is...Don't ever see this movie, ever. Its not worth your time, not even for the ridiculously out of place dance sequence at the end of the film. The whole thing stinks of sub par writing and less than original film-making. The one semi-clever moment was the transition between young and older actors (which occurred when they fell off a train and were rolling in the dirt, with the camera rolling with them (Straight on close up, ala Requiem for a Dream (The bridge from summer to fall) or the old MTV show "Fear") they then emerge from the dust as their older selves. Clever. Sorta. At least I thought they handled it well. But the whole film is really a series of poorly connected events that are meant to give rise to this epic love story, which is highly implausible due to the fact that the boy and girl involved were around 7 years old when they first met, but I guess it could happen. Really though, and this maybe due to the venue that I saw the film in, and the fact that I've been reading the "Stuff White People Like" by the guy at "http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.com/" (good stuff), the whole film feels like a chance for American and White audiences to feel cultured and understanding of those living in developing countries. Just look at the mise-en-scène of this boys past, which is filled with so much filth, dirt, and debris (at one point he even jumps into a vat of human feces so he can get an autograph of his favorite actor), that one couldn't help but root for him to succeed and conquer his troubled past, get the money, get the girl, and dance at the train station. The film is filled with hip and edgy montages (including a sequence set to that damned MIA song, you know the one, with the sound effects and stuff) that somehow allow the protagonists to get by with their miserable settings. In fact, these sequences are so bouncy and happy that they almost manage to portray their settings in a positive light. I suppose that its good to look for the positive, but how about a bit of realism for a change, a bit of truth of the cinema that shows the good and the bad. Because no matter how cool the music makes it look, fighting everyday for food and having to steal, and fight, and kill for your meals is not an existence to be envied. Did I mention that each setting that they exist in has a convenient mob of kids that are willing to make friends and strike a living together? It's just as great as Peter Pan and the lost Boy's out there! Who wouldn't want to join in on the fun? The energy of the film is terribly unbalanced, and I wonder if the book that it is based on "Q&A" is so one-sided in portraying the hardships of these kids. The worst part, if there even is one moment that warrants being put on top, was the fact that the films final climactic tension, the last bit of drama before we are released to the happy ending, was nothing more than the same tension one finds on an episode of "Who Wants To Be a Millionaire": Will he answer the question correctly? DOES HE KNOW THE ANSWER? OH MY GOD! I had almost hoped that the film would redeem its self with some crazy twist that requires the audience to revisit every sequence in the film to look for the hidden truth (there were some interrogation scenes that strongly reminded me of those from the "The Usual Suspects"), but no. Instead, our final moments of the film are to be left up to the same devices as a TV game show. Pathetic. Just Pathetic. Top it off with one terribly, terribly, corny (and cliché) final scene where the protagonist and the girl are reunited (He says: "It was destiny" She says: "Kiss Me") and you have your self the stuff to make soccer moms and teenage girls swoon. And this is supposed to be independent cinema? Looks and smells like Hollywood to me... Bottom line: 2/10 Don't see it, don't rent it, don't even watch it on TV. Unless you liked Twilight, then maybe you might find this film enjoyable. Otherwise, beware.

Imagine a movie made in America, by an Indian, that only has gang violence, teenage pregnancies, rabid racism, gun toting semi literate youth from the ghettos, young girls in bikinis with multiple partners, fornicating all the time without protection. But, you would argue, America isn't just all about the above, there is so much more to America and Americans than that! Exactly! Welcome to "Slumdog millionaire" a movie that looks at everything that is worst about India, and nicely packages it for a gullible American audience.For every slum in India, there is also an educational institution that offers some of the best education in the world. For every slum lord that makes money off little children, there is also a sympathetic lower middle class housewife who despite her daily struggles, finds time to teach her maid 's son or daughter, some basics of education that the child may have a better life than the parents.That this movie, has been nominated for all those Oscars comes as no surprise to me. American society does not want to hear about how high educational standards are in India, the respect shown to elders, abstinence and moderation of the Indian middle class. Which is why movies like "Born into brothels" and "Slumdog millionaire", are the only ones that make it to mainstream American audience (Perhaps a secret gratification in seeing the misery of others, and feeling better about oneself?). You want to see some really good movies made for an Indian audience? Go watch "Jodha Akbar", or "Rang de basanti" or Water.The real irony is that Jamal Malik (Dev Patel), is a Hindu in real life, but is portrayed as a Muslim, tortured by a Hindu police inspector(Irfaan Khan) who is a Muslim in real life. Put that in your Hookah and smoke it!

I was ecstatic, elated, on cloud nine after coming out of the theater. What a Bollywood flick I just finished watching! But then I found myself in a confused state. Why revered film critics across the globe have showered so much accolades on this Bollywoodish make. I must be missing something. And I don't.The movie centers around tumultuous life of two boys, their journey from a Mumbai slum to two different worlds, dominated by corruption and adolescence like naiveté.The movie has all the elements of a Bollywood masala flick that is ridiculed by foreign and Indian media on a regular basis because of its filmsy, melodramatic, and often childish like treatment of any and every subject. THIS MOVIE IS NO EXCEPTION. Recall the following scenes from the movie:Two brothers, one treads the path of eternal honesty while the other ventures into the world of immorality. That reminds me of Deewaar (1975). I bet Mr. Danny Boyle must have taken few lessons of Bollywood movie-making from likes of Subhas Ghai, David Dhawan, Manmohan Desai etc. Come on Admit it.Then the love interest of the younger brother is found in Mumbai's red light areas? Reminds me of Sadak by Sanjay Dutta, among others. Damn it! It must be me. Danny simply imagined these stuff from his vast experience with Indian way of life and it has NOTHING to do with Bollywood masalas.Then recall the death scene of the older brother. That's a typical Indian death scene. The last scene where the male and female leads meet each other, are we watching a romantic Hindi flick?The script of the movie is filled with Mr. Boyle's faulty and nonsensical imaginations. Where the older kid gets the gun, suddenly? How these two most shabbily looking kids manage to check into an apparently five-star hotel? How come the older kid knows the address of the local mafia? There are many. What Mr. Boyle was thinking. Then there is efficient selling of world famous Indian poverty filled with filth and pain, and agony and all other stereotypical things that go well with Western view of any "third world countries". Ultimately Mr. Boyle dishes out a palatable Bollywood flick.If all these things were captured in celluloid by a NON-WHITE filmmaker, then western media would simply reject it straightaway. But this is not the case here. Its made by a WHITE filmmaker, for a WHITE audience who love those movies made on third world countries, which only reinforce their age-old ideas about India. I can bet that all the Bollywood directors are weeping in secret and thinking why can't I make such a terribly bad movie and garner all these international accolades. YOU CANT because you are not a white. As simple as that. So Mr Boyle thanks for selling India to the western world, making a cliché non-sense melodramatic movie and hiding behind neo-realism film-making shell and at the end of the day just pretend (when you will be receiving some filthy award) that you are such a genius. And for western film critics, you may have some knowledge of good films, but you are ultimately a White person, enjoying deep in heart the poverty of a developing world. What a nonsense.

First of all, my opinion when I heard about it wasn't very good. I thought it has a common story that appears in all movies. I was quite surprised when I found that the action is this complex. The acting was quite good despite I never heard of this actors. The 8 oscars won I didn't understood, I mean there were more better movies released in that year, but you can't argue with the critics.
Secondly, the first part of the movie I found quite boring, telling the life of . The second part was actually thrilling. The main character passed his test before the big event of his life, the gameshow. He responded correctly to all of the questions and won the big prize.
In conclusion I found the movie interesting and with some turn of events that quite shocked me.

In all the various international versions of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? a few things remain constant. One of those things is that the show is not broadcast live. Except in this movie. That's just the first of many contrivances you have to be willing to accept if you're going to watch Slumdog Millionaire. This movie asks you to believe so many unbelievable things. The fact that the game show upon which the whole plot is centered plays out in a way that is quite frankly impossible is a problem. The game show being broadcast live isn't the only issue. Other key moments of the game within the movie play out in a way which, back in the real world, simply could not and would not happen. So the very heart of the movie brings with it incredible flaws. Some may say let it go, it's just a movie, you're thinking too much. That would probably be easier if the setup of the game show itself was the only major contrivance. It's not. This movie piles contrivance upon contrivance to the point the whole thing strains credulity.The movie tells the story of Jamal Malik, a young man from the Mumbai slums who rather unbelievably is on the verge of winning Millionaire's grand prize. The show's host certainly doesn't believe it. He's convinced Jamal is cheating and hands him over to the police who are to beat the truth out of him. Doctors, lawyers, the best and brightest of India's society have gone on the show and been stumped. But Jamal, the simple slumdog, somehow has all the answers. And we, and his interrogators, are about to find out how exactly that came to be. We flashback to Jamal's childhood and then, as we watch him grow into a man, see the incidents in his life which enabled him to know the answers to every question he was asked. It's an interesting story to be sure but so contrived in so many ways. It's just too perfect that every question has a corresponding event in Jamal's life. And the fact that the key incidents in Jamal's life proceed chronologically in the same order in which the corresponding questions are asked on the show? Very convenient that. This whole movie has more than a hint of impossibility to it.So it's contrived but maybe that's OK because Slumdog Millionaire is, as the film's marketing breathlessly tells you, the feel-good film of the decade. Really? This is the most bleak, dire feel-good movie I've ever seen. Jamal has led a life filled with unimaginable hardship. Hardship which is portrayed in unsparing, brutal fashion. People love a rags-to-riches underdog story and that's what we have here. But if the film is destined to be ultimately inspiring, and that's clearly what the filmmakers are going for, it sure is rather depressing along the way. Depressing and all too often not particularly entertaining. The flashback structure comes off as somewhat gimmicky and robs the film of much of its momentum. You're interested in Jamal's story but never completely captivated. There's not enough energy in the movie for it to really grab you. The key romantic storyline falls a little flat as the girl over whom Jamal obsesses is someone who in actuality he hardly knows at all. For most of his life he has had no relationship whatsoever with this girl. That makes it hard to sell this as some kind of great romance. Eventually the flashbacks catch up to Jamal's present-day life which sets up the big conclusion. But by that point the movie has kind of fizzled out. It's already been robbed of any joy that it might have had. Honestly the only time this movie enjoys itself at all is during the closing credits. And by then it's much too late. It's not as much of a feel-good movie as it's purported to be. It's certainly not as entertaining or enjoyable as it could have been. And the story is so contrived. Honestly if you think about it the whole thing doesn't make much sense at all. Somehow despite all of that the movie doesn't fail completely. There's enough good stuff here to make the movie passable but that's about it.

MUMBAI, India — The nine-year-old girl who starred in Slumdog Millionaire dodged pieces of falling debris Wednesday as she tried to salvage twisted metal and splintered wood — all that remained of her bubble-gum pink home after authorities demolished part of a city slum where she lived.Months after their movie swept the Oscars, Rubina Ali and Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail, 10, are both sleeping on hard dirt, wondering when they too might go from slumdog to millionaire. Azharuddin's home was demolished last week."I'm feeling bad," Rubina told The Associated Press. "I'm thinking about where to sleep."

Just because part of this movie is un-realistic does not mean that the entire movie needs to be realistic. This movie was absolutely fantastic, spellbinding and I loved it from start to finish. A perfect combination of fiction and non-fiction, that's how I saw it. It wasn't depressingly realistic or completely phony, in my humble opinion it had the perfect balance. It was a 'fairy tale' as many have said with some very grisly realities injected into the 'childhood' portion of the movie. This movie does not claim to be a 'true story' and deliver bogus depictions of factual events, so get over it. This movie was made for the joy of viewers world-wide and I believe that it has accomplished that goal.. A perfect fusion of bolly-Hollywood which should win the Oscar for best movie this year, I feel that aside from Hollywood politics and politically correct biopics made by actors for a sure-fire shot at an Oscar (Milk) that this was the most enjoyable movie of 2008.

I'm born and brought up in Bombay, and when I first heard about this movie I was skeptical. I've seen plenty of the local Hindi movies depicting the city in all kinds of ways, be it good or bad. But this is the first film I've seen on my hometown that has really blown me away. As a fairly well off Mumbaikar, I've never really known how life is in the poorer parts of the city, and just how hard it can be. This movie showed me things I never knew about my own home. Anil Kapoor has never been an actor I'm particularly excited about, and I generally avoid his Hindi films. But he played the part of the game show host brilliantly, and I can now say I have respect for him. Another absolutely brilliant performance was from the slum kids playing the roles of young Jamal and young Salim. With an award winning story and script, this movie is easily the best and most moving film I've seen this year. Two thumbs up to a fantastic film that everyone the world over will love for its entertainment and emotional value, and it'll even tell you a thing or two about a mesmerizing city that no homegrown local would know...

This is a movie that makes Americans feel like all people of other cultures really want to be is "surprise," just like Americans! A silly and unbelievable plot, 30 quick shots per minute, LOUD music, and waaay to much Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. Hey, I stopped caring about this movie in much the same way as I stopped caring about seeing people vie with Regis to become rich. It's boring! If you can't think of anything more that you want in a film than, Guy loses girl, guy makes a lot of money and gets girl back, you'll love this one. Other than some wonderful performances by tiny little kids in the first half hour, this film is the CRASH of 2008. Something that makes shallow viewers feel like art house afficinados.

I usually like Danny Boyle films for content, subtext, and technical style, but I can't remember the last time that a supposedly "serious" movie relied on so many contrived plot coincidences to build and resolve suspense. This movie was exotic and pretty but unbelievable, empty and asinine.Please don't take seriously its depiction of beautiful, exotic 3rd world poverty. Instead this is a genre mash-up of the good brother/bad brother gangster movie with the Dickensian orphan rags-to-riches story. It does pretty well on those modest terms, but it's a colorful, violent fantasy, not a serious expose or a National Geographic documentary.The use of police torture to build suspense in the first act (not a spoiler - these are the opening sequences of the film); stylized violence against children; reliance on prettified poverty and the exotic "other"; the gratuitous resolution of the "bad" brother's story arc: you know what? If this movie had been made in the 70s it would have been set in Harlem and today we'd call it "blaxploitation." This movie is about on the level with "Shaft" and "Superfly." There's just something about setting it in India that has blinded certain white audiences to the fact that this is a pretty stupid movie.That said, Freida Pinto - and much of the movie - is stunningly beautiful to look at.

this is not a 'feel good' movie. or it shouldn't be. Boyle showed us the anti-American dream. The idea that you should accept your cruel destiny without questioning and that a lower caste person could not possibly become successful, and I'm not talking only about the protagonist, but about all the people in the slums and the others surrounding them. How could it be that they simply don't conceive the possibility that a low caste guy could become successful. he has to be prevented of doing so, and punished.Instead of exploring this sad and terrible aspect of Indian culture, and produce a deeper reflection about it, Boyle turned the movie into a cliché love history. what a waste.

I really don't understand why this film is so appreciated, OK it has a very strong love message and its beginning is very good but it decreases its quality each time the plot advances until the end. I think this film deserves 6.5 stars, but I give it 1 because it shouldn't be at the 250 top IMDb.The movie is divided in 3 parts: 1)when the leading characters are little children, 2) when they are young teenagers and 3) when they are old teenagers. The first part is great, the second part is entertaining but a little silly, and the third part looks like a bad movie, except by the last kissing scene which is very good and touching. If I had to rate the 3 parts it would be like this: part 1: 8 stars; part 2: 6 stars; part 3: 4.5 stars. Ah by the way I liked the final dance at the end.I didn't buy the circumstances under which the leading is questioned by the police by the suspicion he had cheated in the contest. I bought the parts where he knew the contest's answers (I liked the way they made it how he knew the answers) because we have always watched on the news about very rare good things that happen to people. As I said before the third part is very bad developed specially the scenes involving the under world of the Salim character.Jamal is a contestant of a TV program who is being questioning by the police by the suspicion he has been cheating. Jamal tells the police how the contest's answers are related with some facts of his life since he was a poor kid, and that he only wants to recover the love of his life by being part of this TV contest............I recommend watching this movie with your family especially because the children actors are very good.

When film can uplift someone emotionally by having two characters who should be together, (mostly) want to be together, and who are as the cliché goes "made" for each other, and it's done without false sentimentality (different from sentiment, which Slumdog has in spades), it can be one of the best things in movies. Danny Boyle's film is one of those and, like another masterful take on romance from this year (WALL-E), it utilizes cinematic style, urgent and sometimes feverish and joyfully passionate turns with the camera and editing, to take us to incredible heights.In fact, this is very much a Capra-esqe picture, but in a manner that doesn't insult today's intelligence or betray any of the characters' genuine emotional components. Boyle plunges us into the story of Jamal (Dev Patel, as older Jamal, in an outstanding breakthrough performance), who lives a young life in the slums of Mumbai and Bombay and other places, with only his older, mischievous brother Salim, and a girl named Latika. They're the "Three Musketeers" of the story, but they go through a series of circumstances and events that pulls them apart, brings them together, and tears them away once more via gangster connections with Salim and Latika's basic imprisonment under the mob or whoever's control.Like in any strong love story, we got to have someone to root for, and Jamal is one that makes us root for him so much along the way (not least of which when he is in the midst of his nail-biter of a shot on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire") because he is a good person, a genuine one, so much so there may be one or two scenes we might wonder if Latika is "good enough" for Jamal's overwhelming desire to be with her, to take her away from all the terrible elements of slum life. But ultimately, they're a as pure souls as are, in their own rotten way, the criminals, and even the (eventually) conflicted brother Salim.A lot happens that I could go on more about in Slumdog Millionaire, but it's moot to try and go into the big plot points or even some of the surprising twists. This is just absolute, crystal-clear terrific storytelling by a director who trusts his actors to find the ripe nuggets of truth with the characters- what makes them basic and honest or dishonest- when faced with the various clichés or conventions or a story like this. And on top of having a great cast, and having such a wonderful and varied taste in music (some Indian, some not), and of a deft attention to the plot as it skips from back and forth from the interrogation of Jamal to childhood and back in little flashes, it's also as dazzlingly filmed and executed via cinematography as anything from Boyle's cannon.He's never one to lack appropriate style or to push the envelope just a little further to make his stories so absorbing (Trainspotting and 28 Days Later come to mind as prime examples), but rarely has one seen so much attention to the raw power of the characters and the actors as in here. Even with Millions, also dealing with mostly child actors, Slumdog Millionaire gives Boyle a showcase for his talents as a provocateur with the camera, as a constant experimenter, while making sure we don't lose sight of those he's got in his sights. It's more than just appropriate to use such force as a filmmaker for such a tender and tragic/hopeful story, it's almost required. Boyle reaches up to that and then some: some of the shots in this movie are hard to lose out of your mind (that sudden vision of the blue Hindu child during the massacre is one, but there are countless others), and I for one can't wait to revisit them again. A+

Today is the biggest day in Jamal Malik's life.A penniless, eighteen year-old orphan from the slums of Mumbai, he's one question away from winning a staggering 20 million rupees on India's "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" But when the show breaks for the night, suddenly, he is arrested on suspicion of cheating. After all, how could an uneducated street kid possibly know so much? Determined to get to the bottom of Jamal's story, the jaded Police Inspector spends the night probing Jamal's incredible past, from his riveting tales of the slums where he and his brother Salim survived by their wits to his hair-raising encounters with local gangs to his heartbreak over Latika, the unforgettable girl he loved and lost.Each chapter of Jamal's increasingly layered story reveals where he learned the answers to the show's seemingly impossible quizzes. But one question remains a mystery: what is this young man with no apparent desire for riches really doing on the game show? When the new day dawns and Jamal returns to answer the final question, the Inspector and sixty million viewers are about to find out Freida Pinto Reappears. Slumdog Millionaire 8/10

I'm not going to talk about the originality of a gritty subject matter, or a love story, or a coming of age story. The late, great Joseph Campbell once said that we have only a finite pool of human stories to tell, and we continue to retell them throughout the ages. What makes a story truly unique is its telling through the eyes and experiences of particular generations. What I am going to talk about is this particular version of a love story, a slum story, a coming of age story, a story of fate, and a story of perseverance.Jamal Malik: the films hero, is the Indian Oliver Twist: A boy from such tragic and unfortunate circumstances, and yet at the same time so persevering, so pure of heart, you can't help but root for him. His love for an idealized fallen woman, is so chivalrously unwavering, that you cannot help but be overcome with such intense longing for its bittersweet culmination. The characters are so well developed, that the strong performances seem like hooks that immerse the audience deeper into the multi-sensory experience of this film.The genius of this film however, is in the method of its telling. It is an old story retold through the eyes of Jamal Malik and his experiences. The film's most creative points are in its narrative: its use of flashbacks, its editing, the seamless use of montage to mark the passage of time, its use of color and sound, and its ability to use all of these elements to create a dynamic film experience.I will also tell you precisely why this film will go down in history as one of the best ever made. It is an emotionally arresting modern fairy tale, that will obliterate every cynical cell in your body. (believe me I have MORE than my fair share of cynicism.) I find that this film takes you on a journey through tragedy and depravity, and shows you the only solution to enduring the barren landscape of this world. And that solution is through believing firmly in the human connections we make with one another. That despite the tragedies we endure, if we believe in love and those we love whole-heartedly, we can overcome anything. This is a film that shines a light on the parts of our soul that are called upon in hard times; a unifying factor that pervades us all. And THAT my friends, is what makes a GREAT film.Forget film to be what it often is: a tool to convey reality, to convince you of a story's believability. Instead remember that film is merely a medium through which truly beautiful art can be created. "Slumdog Millionaire" made a hopeless romantic out of me, and anyone who sees this film will not be able to help themselves but follow suit with me, and the throngs of fans who flock to see this film over and over again.

I am as yet to write a film review for this site, but this film has compelled me to do so. In one word, this is brilliant. From the very believable performances by a well-balanced cast to the amazing direction and cinematography, I was absolutely captivated by this film from start to finish.This film masterfully tells a story using flashbacks so perfectly put together that one is never lost or confused as to what is going on. The scenery is magnificent and at some points it seems as though you can see colours so rich you never thought possible.This is the best film I have seen for years and I urge anyone reading this to go and see it if they haven't already. If this is your only chance to see it on the big screen, you would be a fool to pass it up.

Walking out of this movie will be the worst part of the experience because you won't want to leave the amazing world of Slumdog Millionaire. Danny Boyle has created a portrait of humanity not seen in a long time. This epic rags to riches story is a testament to the power of love and the truth. With breathtaking cinematography, stupendous acting, and an amazing screenplay from Simon Beaufoy, we are dropped into the mind of Jamal Malik, a young man from Mumbai. Through his eyes we see the pain of poor orphans, tricks played on various tourists, and the how organized crime has evolved in India's maturing society. Not to mention that Boyle and Beaufoy have given us a love story unparalleled. Despite much of the movie being in a foreign language, Slumdog Millionaire's story can be understood and appreciated by all, it is the first true global masterpiece.

first i must admit, i'm huge fan of Danny's real work, not this one, which can be qualified to the Hollywood crap-swamp.very disappointed in "i believe i can fly" spirit of this so called movie. so if you're Santa believer and admirer - this is just for you. but if you walk the life with respect and honor, your intelligence will be offended and against all the people who find this movie "attractive".if we remove all the bells and whistles out of it, there's really nothing left in your mind after. we cannot talk about acting, music, art because there was simply nothing of them. maybe just the editor's work was good, but just maybe.i really can forgive Danny this debility. and if he read this i want to say to him: "Danny, we love you, we know your work, we expect of you so much, so bring back your real art to us!"

I'm truly bewildered by the lavish praise that this movie is attracting. I just thought it corny and mildly irritating.My first problem was the half-movie/half-TV show format. A question is asked on the TV show. Cue flashback to the slums that shows how the lead character knows the answer. Each flashback involves frenetic running through narrow alleyways pursued by various evildoers. Back to the TV show. Another question followed by another flashback involving more running through the slums. By the 16,000 rupee question this was already wearing thin on me.I also didn't like the gross overuse of jerky slow motion and tilted camera angles. It just added to the repetitiveness of the question--->run through the slums---->question---- >run through the slums narrative. I'm baffled that so may critics have praised the movie because of its depiction of reality. In what universe do two brothers witness the murder of their mother at the hand of religious bigots, yet still grow up seemingly unaffected to become a couple of happy-go-lucky scamps in search of adventure? How real is the depiction of Lakita who gets sent to a brothel but the audience are assured that she was never violated and is rescued as a virgin? How many child prostitutes do you think there are in the slums of Mumbai and how many of those do you reckon are virgins? Please ponder that for a moment.This is pure Disneyfication of poverty - a world filled with mischievous and lovable little rascals who live on garbage dumps, where the baddies always get their comeuppance, where the good guys always win and where the child prostitutes are always virgins who will ultimately be whisked away by newly minted millionaires. The story is a pure fantasy, like Lady and the Tramp. A cheesy love story and a piece of cinematic bubble gum. Take it at face value and you might find the fast pace entertaining enough to pass a few hours. This is not a movie to learn about India or to gain any great insight about what life is like in the slums. It is far too lightweight for that.

If you liked Slumdog Millionaire, give a try to the original story Q&A by Vikas Swarup.There is even a BBC audio drama of the original story, which is what I listened to. You know what? I thought the audio drama was ten times better than the movie. You find that hard to believe? Give it a try! (Don't condemn without giving it a fair hearing. Note that, from Wikipedia: "The radio dramatisation by Ayeesha Menon, directed and produced by John Dryden on BBC Radio 4, won the Sony Radio Award for Drama 2008 and the IVCA Clarion Award 2008.") The story, as in the BBC audio drama, is quite different from the movie. The movie is only very loosely based on the original story. The original story AVOIDS THE LEFT-WING Clichés of the movie. Starting at the very beginning, for example, the main character's name is Ram Mohammed Thomas and while very young he is raised by a kind Christian priest (not in the slums). The left-wing cliché avoided here is that he is oppressed by society/the establishment from birth, growing up in slums with his mother killed in a massacre of a religious minority by the religious majority. And the comparison goes on and on like this, if you compare the original story to the movie version.You say that I must be a fool because the movie screenplay won an Academy Award? That's one view. My own view is that the Academy Award was political and I've lost respect for the Academy.Again, before sounding off that anyone who believes the original story is vastly superior to the movie script must be a fool, please read the original story or listen to the BBC version.

This story is certainly nothing new and exciting. By using the game show, we were being told an East Indian boy life story. The tragic experience he had is quite familiar. If you don't, you just have no idea what had happened and is still happening in China and India. Perhaps the materials are so familiar to me that I don't find the movie surprising or consider it the best. No doubt, it is a good movie that you should not miss. The director keep the movie in good pace. I did not find it boring, even though the story is similar to some Chinese TV series with a shorten version. I also consider some scene is too disturbing for young audience. Watch it without your kids.

There are movies and there are movies. Some entertain while some are cinematically brilliant but lack mass appeal. And then there are some like 'Slumdog Millionaire' that transcend all barriers and manage to do both.At its very core 'Slumdog Millionaire' is a magnificent love story, which seems like a fairytale, yet it is so damn realistic and believable. We have all dreamt of the perfect romance, the kind which blossoms and gets better over time like wine. Slumdog Millionaire is living that dream on celluloid for two hours. It's about the perseverance of the protagonist, a Mumbai slum kid named Jamal portrayed brilliantly by the two child actors and Dev Patel, to unite with the love of his life  Latika, whom he met, fell in love and was separated from in the direst of circumstances.Filmed entirely in India, it captures the life, the spirit, the greatness and the follies of the nation and its people in a way, which perhaps no other foreign film has been able to. In fact the excellent production values achieved by this US-UK and Indian joint venture is something that will put many popular Indian film-makers to shame. Of course, it goes without saying that this venture would not shine without the A Grade effort of the Indian crew right from the assistant director to the lower level technicians. The soundtrack composed by A.R. Rehman is a major highlight of the movie. His brilliance in this foreign venture stands out proving that Indian artists can match the best of the best in the business. Each of Rahman's composition has the effect of cocaine injected into your blood stream.The British director, Danny Boyle is clearly the captain of the ship. Slumdog has some clear and refined shades of his other highly acclaimed movie  Trainspotting. But here Boyle outdoes that effort by perfectly understanding the essence of this Indian story, bringing out its soul, thereby brilliantly executing it. In fact, Indian film maker Madhur Bhandarkar would do well to learn a lesson or two on how not to stereo-type and play the same record again and again.Coming back to the film, the game show, 'Who Wants To Be a Millionaire' hosted by Anil Kapoor is the pivot around which the story revolves. Jamal, a chaiwala in a call center is on the verge of winning the grand prize in this popular show. But how could a chaiwala, a slum boy possibly do that? His euphoria is short lived as he is arrested on suspicion of cheating and interrogated by the police inspector played by Irrfan Khan. The story goes back and forth, with Jamaal revealing his adventurous journey with his elder brother Salim and Latika, the love of his life. The riveting tale starts from the slums of Mumbai. With a glib charm it gives us an engrossing depiction of their turbulent lives which take unanticipated turns time and again. It is commendable how brilliantly plots like the massacre of Muslims and the organized child- begging business are woven into the story. As is often the case to gain audience's sympathy for the characters, the film-makers do not resort to any emotional manipulation even in the most intense scenes. Instead, they establish a strong and resilient central character of Jamal backed up by equally powerful characters of Salim and Latika. Whenever they are in a spot of bother the viewer is rooting for them with all his heart just like in a football match when one supports a minnow against the league champion.Slumdog millionaire will uplift you to a feel good pedestal where you are less cynical and in a more positive life state. That there is a thing called DESTINY will force even the cynic to think about once he watches this. Of course, destiny always doesn't have to be as over the top as shown in Slumdog but it does exist in everybody's life and that the elements of the universe conspire for you to achieve your's.Maybe in that envelope for the 2009 Oscars there is a card where it is written : BEST MOTION PICTURE  Slumdog Millionaire.

"Kitsch (English pronunciation: /ˈkɪtʃ/, as in German) is a German word denoting art that is considered an inferior, tasteless copy of an extant style of art or a worthless imitation of art of recognized value. The concept is associated with the deliberate use of elements that may be thought of as cultural icons while making cheap mass-produced objects that are unoriginal. Kitsch also refers to the types of art that are aesthetically deficient (whether or not being sentimental, glamorous, theatrical, or creative) and that make creative gestures which merely imitate the superficial appearances of art through repeated conventions and formulae. Excessive sentimentality often is associated with the term. The term is considered derogatory, denoting works executed to pander to popular demand alone and purely for commercial purposes rather than works created as self-expression by an artist. The term is generally reserved for unsubstantial and gaudy works that are calculated to have popular appeal and are considered pretentious and shallow rather than genuine artistic efforts."

Although the movie has a good dynamic, and is entertaining, it's just another Hollywood story in a foreign country. 1- I think that USA people goes to the cinema and watches a movie in English, and doesn't care about it (even if the characters are from another countries), but we see at that and we know it's fake, we don't believe the story. And this issue has been repeated all along Hollywood movies. 2- In my country, the kids that grow in slums, don't know how to read, write or even think properly. It's a poverty fact. And in this movie it isn't even justified why Jamal can solve all the questions. They could have make the Jamal Character as a kid that loved to read or who was brighter than his mates... but none of this is done in the story. 3- The Taj Mahal scene, is pathetic. How is a kid supposed to lie on the story of the Taj Mahal and the USA tourist just don't get it? Again it's an underestimation to the intelligence of the spectator. And i don't mention that the kid spoke perfect English (another hole in the story... how he did learn English?) 4- I agree with the comments that say that the final 1/3 of the movie is the justification to a Hollywood end. And the final dance... oh, unnecessary. 5- The story don't have a purpose or a message. I know that a lot of movies don't have it, but if the marketing says that is a realistic movie that shows how the people lives in the slums of Bombai, i expect something else.So, sorry for my English. I was somehow anxious because of the critics that this movie had, and the winning Oscar, and i'm very disappointed now. I think City of God is a real realistic movie.

with all the hype surrounding this movie,i thought it would be better than it was.i was expecting a masterpiece,and for me,this movie fell short.sure,it's a decent movie,with a sympathetic character to root for and the acting is certainly good.but the story never really involved me.for whatever reason.i didn' feel inspired or uplifted at all.when the movie ended,it didn't really stick with me in any way,and i didn't find anything profound about it.by the way,it's not based on a true story.for some reason,thought it was.but in the extras,it's revealed to be made up.anyway.clearly i'm in the minority here.don't get me wrong though,i didn't hate the movie.in fact i enjoyed it mildly.when all is said and done,Slumdog Millionaire is a 6/10

Everyone has already commented (over and over) about how good the story is. How many awards it has won. So I will not enter that discussion other than to say it is a great story in my opinion.However, I found the cinematography to be extremely unpleasing, most especially since all of the hype surrounding this piece and more over an academy award in this category. The imagery that plays in most cases, comes across as a pseudo documentary style. I realize some of the locations may have been difficult to shoot in, but with the budget they had to work with one would expect better photography might be in order.Further, the hand held nature does so very little to help exemplify the visual story telling but rather detracts from it, creating an unpleasant distraction, taking the viewer away from the drama of the story. The framing and composition is below average most of the time, finding the talent on the opposite side of the leading frame in some cases. The hard light sources are nothing shy of irritating and even some what confusing to the story telling process. I'm sorry but I really don't see it. I have watched many docu-drama's that have been put together much better and have not received any notoriety, let alone to this degree. I suppose name and connections get you a great deal further ultimately.

Slumdog Millionaire is one of the most overrated movies I have ever seen. It proves to us once again, that almost any film that 'exposes' the bleakness of life in third world countries/countries of political instability, scores massively with the blissfully ignorant Western audiences. The first half of the film is pretty good, in all fairness. The child artists do a fantastic job, and there are ample bizarre and hilarious moments. However, the flaws are just too many to ignore, especially for a person who is well-acquainted with the situation in these places. The way the slum children speak English is just bizarre. They have had no decent education, yet they speak as freely as any kid coming from an affluent family, incorporating words like 'gonna', 'dude' and 'cool'.(Yet, they don't know what the Taj Mahal is, which every uneducated bloke in every little village knows about). They are supposed to be Muslim, yet their mom wears a sari. Just unnatural. The young Jamal meets a beggar in a subway, who recognizes him immediately, and knows who Benjamin Franklin is.As far as predictability and disjointedness, this film takes the cake, the baker, and the bakery. One moment he is running around near the Taj Mahal, another he is looking for his 'lost love'. They are reunited, and then separated again for no rhyme or reason. The grown-up Jamal, I'm sorry to say, doesn't do a convincing job at all. His British accent comes out in spurts, making the improbable sound impossible. And then you have the villains. Mamman, Latika's husband, the host of the show- are all the absolute-evil types. One would think someone gives them a cookie for every evil laugh and lecherous comment they pass. The gangster is a bad, bad man, so he has to hang out with call-girls ALL the bloody time. Lechery is the only common quality in evil people, didn't you know? Love story is clichéd as usual, and the drama resembles that of any B-grade Bollywood movie, I kid you not. His brother Salim, is another weird character. For some very strange reason, he fills a bathtub with money and lies down in it with a gun while he waits for his nemesis.And the icing on the cake- The song and dance sequence at the end. Why? Why? Why? No reason- just cheap entertainment, the type you see in EVERY Bollywood film. So finally, everything works out for our friend Jamal, with the whole nation behind him, and everybody's happy. Except the bad guys of course. All the bad guys lose. No it's not as bad as I make it sound. However, does it deserve Oscar nominations? Hell no. So many Bollywood films like this one are made every month. Is this one so special just because Danny Boyle is the director? Probably.

Slumdog Millionaire's premise is so cliché that I cannot believe the hype; it's the story of a poor boy in love with a girl and some bad guys in between them. I don't know how many movies I have seen with this exact same premise. There must be literally thousands of Asian, Mid-Eastern movies with exact same story. Many people here complain about insult to India as a country. How about insult to all the other great movies that have not been recognized by the Academy? How about the great Afghan, Iranian movies that are actually much smarter and original than Slumdog Millionaire but somehow never get to be seen by the American Audience? What about the insult to them? Slumdog Millionaire's commercial success solely depends upon the producers, and nothing more (and maybe due to the fact that most Americans are not familiar with this kind of story or maybe hungry for unrealistic, almost fairy-tale like love story, innocence kept through hard-times). There is not one original idea in the entire movie. I easily predicted everything before it happened, including the ending. No surprises, no clever screenplay, no great acting.... I guess the only cinematic achievement in the movie was the excellent photography. The sceneries from India's ghettos were just amazing in the sense of photographic quality. Lastly, Academy should be ashamed of nominating this movie as the best picture not to mention in many other categories. The Kite Runner, a far superior picture didn't get single nomination. What an insult to the artists who worked in that movie.

This isn't a long film by modern standards but I spent the last quarter waiting for it to end. There are lots of good things in it - the images of Indian slums are dazzlingly put together and there is some nice humour in the face of adversity. Best of all is the music, which should definitely bag an Oscar. But there is a lot wrong with it. Here are my main niggles: 1. The device of linking Jamal's answers on "Millionaire" to stories of his past life works at first but rapidly gets repetitive. Here the film suffers from its relationship with the novel. This sort of device works better on the page than on film. 2. The central love story, which is imposed on the film in order to give it some narrative drive, doesn't really convince. Frankly when he kissed her at the end I didn't care one way or the other. It was impossible to care, because we had never been given enough insight into the characters' feelings for each other. 3. The author of the book is by his own admission is a highly privileged man who has never been to a slum. He is no nearer to the realities of Indian poverty than I am (in England). Many of the incidents are the sort of things which regularly crop up in outsiders' views of India. For instance, the mutilation of children to increase their income from begging has been described in the memoirs of dozens of English sahibs. I found many of the episodes stereotypical.Overall this is a good film and much better than the usual Hollywood nonsense, but it's too clunky and contrived to be classic as some have claimed.

First of all this movie is a bit overrated according to me.This type of content was already handled by many Indian directors but was not gained this much of a hype. I would say that in my view Salaam Bombay was a much better film because it had a poignancy in it and also the music was pleasing. Since i am from India i really didn't like the characters speaking in English especially the leads (slumdogs).Music,Cinematography and editing are the three things which can create the mood. Here all the above three are westernized.I don't want to go deep into this movie and criticize thoroughly rather i would like to say that this movie is a poor slick flick about the poor which lacks true Indian emotions and Indian feel of the movie.

I read the book first. And it was amazing. I couldn't put it down. One of the best books I have ever read.Then I tried to watch this movie. Highlighting the word "tried". The first 20 minutes or so, showed that the movie was nothing like the book, not even close. They shouldn't even share a name. There were so many things changed, that it made to movie too different from what the story was originally. Okay, the main idea is the same, but all the details and the parts that made the book spectacular, were removed/changed. I can't stop wondering, why this movie has had so many views and so many praises. Haven't people read the book? Or am I just demanding too much?I can't say much about the acting, because I couldn't continue to watch this. I rarely hate a movie as much as I hate this, but this didn't honor the book as it should've.This movie is one of the most overrated movies there is.

We weren't interested enough in the subject so didn't go to cinema to see this movie, but noticing it on the library shelf the other day, I decided to give it a go as surely with all the prizes etc it must be good.Well, no doubt it is good, but I was bored with it from the start in spite of the social issues etc. I stopped watching after about half an hour, I didn't even look at the extras, and back it went to the library. I'm sure it's well worth most people watching and the subject matter does sound poignant as well as powerful, so don't be put off by my comments.

(With redeeming qualities in cinematography, acting, music and sharp editing.) (And please spare me the hate mail.)10. 20,000,000 rupees is "only" about $411,000. 9. No toilet paper in the outhouses. 8. All the kids are healthy looking with nice teeth. 7. Latika experiences no sexual abuse! 6. No (gaunt) slum dogs are seen.5. "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" is not a live show in India. 4. After step five the contestant does not lose "everything" with a wrong answer. 3. The questions were in chronological order of his life!2. Police in India TORTURE people if they think they're cheating TV shows? 1. Giving a $100 bill to Arvind would be giving it to the hated men who blinded him.Additionally I wonder: Did the copyright owners of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" okay this? I mean, would Regis Philbin or Meredith Vieira try to cheat a contestant? Would the producers want a ratings sensation to lose?Is it okay to celebrate a movie that entertains the privileged with a rose-colored view of poverty and overpopulation?Good, however, is a City of God/Bollywood/fairytale film made for the poor of India. Only problem is this film just exploits them by water coloring over the squalor of their wretched lives. And, incidentally, by the way things are going, there is an enormous mountain of poverty to come worldwide, degrading much of humanity.(But, hey, I just got the DVD to be entertained. I don't need to hear about the troubles of the world.)(Note: Over 500 of my movie reviews are now available in my book "Cut to the Chaise Lounge or I Can't Believe I Swallowed the Remote!" Get it at Amazon!)

I decided to write the review after I read some really contradictory reviews of the film. I found that most of the foreigners were giving the film more than just great ratings and some Indians were giving some really bad rating for the film claiming that it as an obscure depiction of India and what the western people loved and expected to see about India. But what i can say is that what has been picturised in the movie is like 30 to 40 % India, but its not everything India is about and may be the scenario would have been something as shown like ten to fifteen years ago .I t does not show the present changing situation that is happening here. I am not claiming that there aren't any slums or brutal child labour here any more but i tend to say that the director has just shown only wrong or the bad aspects of our society. The instance where the quiz master tries to cheat Jamal and gets him arrested by the police might have happened somewhere in the west but not in India. There has been better Indian films depicting the real India and whole lot of that, but might have gone unnoticed just because they lacked global stage and global audience to rate the movies. About the music of the film, for those who have not yet heard any of AR rahman's timeless classics might have found them highly inspirational and engaging. But for many of the Indians here it's just another rahman track .So for people wondering why the movie got really bad reviews from some, these might be the reasons. For me the movie is more of an English man's view of how India still is after they left us(but i go with him as far as the slums, red streets and the child labour part is concerned).Watch the movie for the love, direction and the plot which bollywood might not have accepted for they might have thought it to be less lucrative. I give a 7/10 for Boyle's courage and for the cast of the movie.

Much has been made of the rather lukewarm reception here in India to Slumdog Millionaire, America's most favorite tale of hope (after Obama) currently. A large section of the West seems to think that this might be the result of a relatively more upbeat Indian population (given the current financial scenario, upbeat can only be a relative term) that does not want to acknowledge the harsh truths behind its own success story. While this may be true for a section of the Indian Diaspora well and truly disconnected with the reality of life down here, it is certainly very far away from the reason why most Indians (and Mumbaikars in particular) can't seem to understand what the fuss is all about.Well, there's nothing to it really. Very simply, it hasn't touched Indian audiences to that degree because we're quite accustomed to watching 'uplifting' and inarguably illogical tales (a slumboy from Mumbai who speaks in chaste English with a Brit accent?) that Bollywood keeps churning out as it endeavors towards its mindless target of producing 200-300 mindless movies every year. While Slumdog may have enough in it to instill 'hope' in Americans, for a people that has to tackle corruption, abysmal governance, politics of hatred, and unbridled competition with a billion of its own kind on a daily basis - not to mention a terrorist attack thrown into this cesspool every month or so - Slumdog can't make the grade for 'uplifting' entertainment.The West often accuses Indians of ignoring or brushing under the carpet the sordid stories of every large and overstuffed metropolitan city in India, with Mumbai being their favorite bashing ground. Well, they're right  we do ignore, because we don't have the luxury to be tourists in our own country, and earning one's daily bread and butter in such a fiercely competitive arena makes us oblivious to any other living thing that walks the earth, except for our near and dear ones. And can you blame us? Does Joshua Bell performing in a Washington subway ring a bell? It's not so different here, just magnified ten times over One interesting point to note is that while Slumdog Millionaire has been nominated for as many as 10 Oscars, Taare Zameen Par, a sensitive 'Bollywood' film dealing with a middle-class, dyslexic child's struggle to cope with this competition, and widely toasted as the best mainstream offering from the Hindi film Industry in a long while, didn't even receive a nomination in the Best Foreign Language Film Category at the Academy Awards this year. Is it just me here, or is there a certain prejudice towards only one particular 'reality' of India, and ignorance towards other equally harsh realities, simply because the protagonists in them have a brick and mortar house to live in, instead of a shack? Let me clarify here that while it may seem so, I've nothing against the film  I found it to be entertaining and quite worth the watch. Neither do I have anything against the subject or the depiction of life in Mumbai  in fact, I would have found it more memorable had it given some more screen time to the dark undercurrents of the Mumbai underbelly, which were easily the most believable and fascinating parts of the film, greatly assisted by a rousing score from A. R. Rehman. My only grouse is with the perception that the Indians have some kind of a sinister agenda to not allow this film to succeed, because we don't  as the film highlights rather well at the end of the day, it's just a way of life out here, so why the hype?

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? was a show that took the US and Canada by storm in 2002. It was sensational, suspenseful, dramatic, immense (a million dollars!) and made for one heck of an event. But as Regis Philbin admitted, the network needed to make it a regular show rather than a rare event. The novelty wore off.A few years later, here's a film, Best Picture-winner at that, trying to recreate that feeling. Jamal is a character on the Indian version of the show. But when the question is posed at the beginning- how is Jamal winning so much money- my sentiment was still, "Who cares?" As the film then goes through Jamal's life story and how it provides him with the information that comes in handy in the game show, I still never built an attachment to his story. There is a story here, not necessarily a bad one, but who is our hero? A rather flat character to whom things happen- he doesn't come across as much of a person, a send-in for ourselves. The same can be said of his love interest, Latika. Even as a story about poverty in a foreign culture and the descent into criminal life, there's not much here than can hold a candle to, say, City of God (2002). How Slumdog Millionaire wraps it up- destiny in finding a lost love, destiny in picking a random answer and getting it right- appears to have inspired much of its audience, but I didn't find it believable and was unmoved.

Don't waste your time on this movie.This is an old, recycled storyline; a poor copy of a much better movie - Salam Bombay (1988) - the real deal which had real street kids as actors. This movie has gratuitous gross scenes and the plot with the lottery was some desperate fairy tale attempt to appeal to the masses which worked, since it got such great reviews.A lot of people refer to this as a feel good movie but I refer to it as a poor copy.It's sad that people have to see a movie like this to feel better about their own country leaving them thinking things are so bad 'over there' when worse human rights abuses happen right here in North America.

Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad film, but it just seemed to unrealistic for me to get over. It's got a lot going for it: great acting, a pretty interesting story, great direction, cool editing (video and sound), great cinematography, etc. It's an academy pleaser, but it's a shame they failed to notice the glaring unrealism in the premise.I'll keep this short, given that everything aside from this point in the movie was very good. I can't help but notice how coincidental the questions were in the show, and that they just so seemingly coincided with memories he remembers. Some of the things he remembers I can understand, like the God Rama, or whatever it was, question, given that it was the day when his mother died. But does he really remember so far back as to giving a poor kid a 100 dollar bill and then the kid tells him that Ben Franklin is on the bill? I don't know about him, but I probably wouldn't remember something as simple as that. Also, the question about who created the revolver still puzzles me. Just because a Colt .45 is named after Samuel Colt does that really mean that he created the revolver? I mean one of the choices names was ....something...... Revolver. I mean that's not a common last name, but if I were to create something, I'd name it after myself, not out of greed, but just so people can know subconsciously that someone with my name created it. Maybe I would just want to be nice to people on game shows, I don't know. Another main one though is how the final question of the show just so happened to be the question he was asking when he was a young kid, and he never learned the answer to, and how the movie simply avoids telling us the answer to this question. Then when Jamal is on the phone with Latika, he seems so sure that she knows the answer. Why? She never gave any reason to imply that. But then she says, "I don't know, I've never known the answer." Jamal was the one who asked it a couple times at the beginning of the movie. But the way she forms her words implies that WE were suppose to believe earlier on that she knew who it was but never said. Are you confused? Yeah me too. This is all nitpicking, but that's what I do best in a movie, and when seemingly impossible odds are met and surpassed in a film, it sets me off. The movie's excuse would probably be something like, "It is written," but that's just an excuse for contradicting writing. Anyway, the last thing that I didn't get was why Salim put all his money in the tub, then proceeded to get in the tub of money to die. What this suppose to symbolize something that I missed. If you know the answer, then good for you, but it never made sense to me.Once again, it's not a bad movie, but I will say it is very overrated and did NOT deserve to win Best Picture or some other of the Oscars it won. Worth one watch. If you're big on movie romances, then maybe a couple watches. This movie is no means a masterpiece though, check out 127 Hours; it's by Danny Boyle as well and is far superior in my opinion.

'Slumdog Millionaire' was, without a doubt, the most critically acclaimed movie of 2008. Danny Boyle's picture simply won eight Oscars (including for Best Picture, Director and Adapted Screenplay) and nominated to two others. It also won seven BAFTAs (also, including Best Picture, Director, and Adapted Screenplay) and four Golden Globes, along with tons of other awards, becoming the first movie since Steven Spielberg's 1993 'Schindler's List' to win Best Picture at the Oscars, the BAFTAs and the Golden Globes. The problem is - I'm still trying to figure it out what did all those critics and the audience saw on this movie?'Slumdog Millionaire' tells the story of Jamal Mailk (Dev Patel), a Mumbai teen who grew up in the slums and is participating on a TV program called "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?". In the break of the program, he is accused and arrested of cheating. While he is being interrogated, events from his life are shown, explaining why he knows the answers to all the questions of the program. The Oscar-winning Screenplay is loosely based on a novel by Vikas Swarup and adapted for the big screen by Simon Beaufoy. Through Jamal's story, the movie denounces the hard life in India's slums, showing all the dangers of that little kids suffer when they're alone. But the movie only shows a poor and filthy India, that's why many people are gonna have wrong ideas about the country because of this movie. Even though the story gives the possibility to show a nice adventure, with Jamal, his brother Salim (Madhur Mittal) and a girl named Latika (Freida Pinto) trying to survive in the slums, it is hardly believable. It's impressing how everything in Jamal's life sort of conspires for him to know the answers, how he remembers his childhood in so many details and how the questions are all related to his life. This bugged me throughout the whole movie, but the final question was the most forced one. I'm not going to spoil it here, but you'll see how nonsense it is. I know the basic plot of the movie is how a kid from the slums can win a TV game-show, but that's where I have the problem with.The acting here is a little under average. All the supporting cast does an average job, with the exception of Anil Kapoor, that was very nice as the game-show host. The three main characters are portrayed at three different ages here. Surprisingly, the best members of the cast were the little kids. Even though most of the cast are newcomers, the kids steal all your attention here. All three of them, portraying Jamal, Salim and Latika, are great, and give strong performances. The not-so-little kids that portrayed the three of them in an early-teen age were fine also. The ones that had more recognition were, of course, the actors portraying them in the late-teen age. They were the ones with more screen-time, but not of them were really good. Madhur Mittal was kinda bad as older Salim, so was Freida Pinto as older Latika. And even the most acclaimed one, Dev Patel, wasn't really good. Even though he got a few nominations for his role in this movie, his performance could've better.Undoubtedly (or at least in my opinion) the strongest point of 'Slumdog Millionaire was the directing. Danny Boyle does an excellent job directing this picture. If it's not his best work thus far, since he was also excellent in both 'Trainspotting' and '28 Days Later...', it's certainly one of the best. The camera work he uses in the movie is incredible, getting some unbelievable shots. His job in the transition of each scene is also remarkable. Another good thing that I enjoyed on Mr. Boyle's job were the montages, that served to make the movie much less boring. The only thing that I didn't like on his work was the end credits. After all the events depicted in the movie, every actor started dancing on a train station to the sound of A.R. Rahman's original Oscar-winning song 'Jai Ho'. I know it was meant to be a tribute to the Bollywood pictures, but in my opinion it ruined the movie completely. Your good and old black end credits were just fine, thanks.Chris Dickens was another one that really deserved the Oscar award he got. His editing work is as remarkable as Danny Boyle's directing one. If it wasn't for him, the montages and the shot transitions weren't gonna be as good as they are. Anthony Mantle's Oscar-winning job on the cinematography was excellent. The yellow tones in every scene really set the mood for what's to come, and make the movie feels like India. You get some beautiful shots of India's famous locations and landscapes, like the internationally famous Taj Mahal (of course they had to show it). One quite important thing on 'Slumdog Millionaire' is the Soundtrack. A.R. Rahman composed several songs for this movie, and they are all quite good. Aside from the montages, the movie also utilizes those songs in a very, almost surgically put way. The only time that the music didn't serve well was in the end credits.Overral, 'Slumdog Millionaire' is not a bad movie. Is not a bad movie at all. Danny Boyle's directing work was of the his best so far, the editing is great, so is the cinematography and the Soundtrack. But the naive writing, the hardly-believable storyline and the poor acting keeps this movie alway from being a masterpiece. And the dancing at the end credits served to make the movie worse than it is, ruining the movie's mood completely. So, with all this, I'm still trying to understand: What did everyone saw on this? Even though 2008 wasn't exactly the best year for movie-making, with the writer's strike and all, there certainly were better choices for the Oscars, the BAFTAs, or whatever awards you mention, than this picture.6/10

When a film hinges on some improbable coincidence in order to push the story forward, it is generally considered bad or lazy writing... so I can't help but wonder why this film, in which the crux of the story is a gigantic, ludicrous combination of very improbable coincidences, is being regarded as a masterpiece. I suppose it still works as something of a modern fairytale, like Pretty Woman, and it definitely does have a couple of very good moments, but ultimately it was just impossible for me to take seriously such an exaggeratedly contrived story.After it ended, my fiancée said that she was half-expecting it to end with a Usual Suspects scene, in which the whole thing would be revealed to be an elaborate tale invented for a policeman's ears by a street-hardened conman; I would have found it to be a much better film if it had been that way, actually!

Anyone that can make a movie warrants a pat on the back. Anyone that makes a movie that people want to see deserves great kudos. Once this is done. of course, everyone has a say on the pros and cons, whys and wherefores. Make you wonder why they bother.I've seen a few of Danny Boyle's movies: Shallow Grave, Millions, my favourite Trainspotting and now Slumbog Millionaire. The latter with all it's praise and little gold statuettes is not a vast success. Not for me anywhere. It's a curious hydrid of Trainspotting and A Life Less Ordinary. It has a mix of edgy realism and romantic fantasy and suffers because of it.Perhaps it's me, seeing Danny Boyle's name above the title and creating unreasonable expectations. Boyle is able to make whatever film he likes, and I don't think he'll be fretting over the critical of commercial reaction thus far.Slumbog works best in the first half hour. It's an intriguing story and kicked off with a bang. Children living, playing, stealing and surviving in the slums of Mumbai. For many of us, I'm sure this is quite an eye-opener. All those people! The child actors, who apparently are amateurs are wonderful. There's something about the emotion in a child's eyes that an adult actor spoilt by complication can't manage.

This is the most overrated film of the decade! Worse than that all the Oscars it won, the only one I can understand was best original song. I like Danny Boyle & am sure he has a great career ahead of him. He's already done some really enjoyable films including "Millions" which is twice as good as this. I don't know how this won so many awards or what film they saw because this can't be it. It's full of clichés, the story is completely transparent with absolutely no surprises, & the script is middle of the road...at best! It will also help that you really like the show "Who wants to be a Millionaire" because it's a large part of the story. If you don't like I don't, well it's even harder to get in on the story. On a plus note the acting was good especially the male lead Dev Patel & both of the little boys playing the young versions of Salim & Jamal are great. I can't figure out why this is any better than the other films nominated for Oscars, but this did not deserve Best Picture at all. I'm betting in 5-10 years this will be one of those films that people will wonder how this won all these awards. I'll wait for you all to catch up, but in all honesty stop doing/rating what everybody else is doing because it's the "IN THING" & ignore the fact it won all the awards it won & rate the film on it's own. No bias no awards just how the film rates as it's own separate entity. It really is mediocre, not bad, but it's not good either but it definitely is not worthy of #42 of all time as it is ranked right now on IMDb. That puts it above "Chinatown, The Departed & Forrest Gump?" (Just to name a few) What planet are you all from? I can understand "Chinatown" because it's not for casual viewers, but above "Forrest Gump?" There is absolutely no way & I would hope that people realize that they're giving this a higher rating than the much better "Gump."

I think this movie has been overrated. Maybe it is appealing to the Western audience but for someone who is used to seeing the grandiosity of Indian movies, it is not clear why the movie has got such rave reviews.A.R. Rahman's soundtrack is good, though not clearly his best. I think the lyricist could have done better though (Personally, I think "Jai Ho" did not fit well with the song's tune, which I thought was pretty good overall).Anil Kapoor overacts his way to glory, and the movie could have done without him. Amitabh might have been better suited to the role - he was the original KBC host, after all.Having said that, the movie is watchable. But Oscar worthy? Well, I leave that for the committee to decide.

I am a 22yr male who takes pride in his machismo, but I when I saw such an amazing story, I didn't even try to hold back the tears. I am a college student who reads voraciously and enjoys reading mainly because of the meticulous character development that movies never attain to, or even aspire to for that matter.... but this one did. It is such a beautiful story with universal themes. The score of the movie is beautifully constructed with songs that truly fit the scenes. It is a movie that is set in the slums of India; but the film is far from Bollywood, gritty, dangerous, and exciting. Although not particularly Bollywood, the movie takes from it the vivid colors and one well choreographed dance during the credits, as if to show pride in Indian movie-making history. This movie is already one of my favorites.

I attended the San Francisco screening on Danny Boyle's b-day, where he participated in a follow-on Q&A. My impression of Boyle is that he is genuinely down-to-earth, culturally sensitive/astute and an exceedingly humble person. It is equally apparent, from everything we see in this film and come to feel, that Boyle possesses a seething passion about film making and a genius for story telling. These all infuse every frame of this film. The film is powerful and moving, with seamless performances by all three sets of actors portraying the three lead characters. There's also a who's who of Bollywood heavy weights in pitch perfect supporting roles. Two of the three youngest players were cast straight out of the Bombay/Mumbai slums. This casting choice then necessitated that all of the scenes involving the first trio of Jamal, Salim and Latika would have to be entirely in Hindi. Fearless as ever, non-Hindi speaking Boyle turned to his India casting agent, Loveleen Tandan, to direct the Hindi-only speaking actors. Boyle directly credits Tandan for the verisimilitude of the children's' performances and he gladly elevated her to the title of co-director, in recognition of Tandan's and the children's numerous original contributions. I love what was done with the subtitles, too. (The bone crushing poverty and pervasive corruption that exists in Bombay/Mumbai is a harsh reality. It is something that Boyle says has to be accepted for what it is, with compassion, but also without pity. At the end of one shooting day, one of the principal child actors went home, only to discover that the government had dissolved that particular ghetto that same day. Production staff then had to search high and low, across Bombay/Mumbai, to locate the family and reunite them. Then the next day dawned. There are many more stories about these real life children, too.) I never read Vikas Swarup's Q and A; but I take Boyle's word that the book, as written, would be impossible to film. Tremendous credit has to be given to Simon Beaufoy's brilliantly loose screenplay adaptation. It is a feat that withstands direct comparisons with The English Patient and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, for grasping the essence of an original and then lovingly taking it into the stratosphere. Boyle has a deep cultural and artistic appreciation for Bombay/Mumbai and Bollywood's traditions, yet he lensed the story with a respectful Western eye. Suketu Mehta's book Maximum City - Bombay Lost and Found, served as a production bible, and was referred to just as much as the script. (One can only hope that if Mehta finally ever options his book for film that Boyle will get a real crack at making it.) Where ever there were scenes in Beaufoy's script that could be taken as being sacrilegious, creative adjustments were made. One specific example given was the appearance of Rama, which was supposed to have been represented on a t-shirt, but was, instead, turned into a quasi-magical-realism vision/appearance during the Muslim-Hindu riot scene. Not only was this change culturally sensitive, it was vastly more striking. The love story, between Jamal and Latika, is one of Beaufoy's story inventions. Given three sets of actors portraying Jamal and Latika, there is so much that could go wrong with this central and interrupted thread of the story. The seed of love first has to become apparent, then its shoots must bud and become Jamal's quest. No part of this can be sappy, if this is to hold together. Before I saw SM, I had no idea how much of a romantic Boyle is and, at the same time, he is also one who does not wear his heart on his sleeve. You just have to see the film to know what I mean by that. I don't care what any of Dev Patel's detractors have to say about any of his work prior to SM. All I know is what I saw in SM where Patel's Jamal went toe-to-toe and scene-for-scene with Bollywood Royalty, and he acquitted himself decorously as leading man. Boyle also resorted to some special technical innovations. The spectacular scenes running through the Bombay ghettos were captured using a pole mounted camera/lens, tethered to a MacBook (in a backpack) serving as DVR. In addition, the MacBook had to be cooled using slabs of dry ice. This allowed the camera operator to "roll" in the midst of all the action. Dry ice had to be cached along the way, in so many locations, that there were surreal swirling clouds of CO2 "smoke" seeping from the various hiding places. Boyle's crew also lost access to the Taj Mahal before all of the shots were completed. In a brilliant move, the DP armed an alternate camera crew with a Canon EoS camera and used it, in rapid frame mode, to pick up all of the remaining Taj Mahal shots. If no one had told me, I would not have known the difference. And neither, apparently, did Taj Mahal security. I've seen this film three times already and cannot wait for the DVD to come out. If it's handled correctly, there will be hours of bonus features. One the one hand, there is so much to enjoy, in terms of pure entertainment. On the other hand, there are so many engaging stories about the making of this masterpiece. Finally, I am deeply torn, this year, because I love both SM and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and they are both squarely in the category of adapted screenplay. I love SM for its dense compactness and I love tCCoBB for its sprawling expansiveness. Might it be possible for tie votes to win, in more than one category? The magical realism of the two gives me reason to hope.

OK. This is certainly a colossal waste of my time but I need my voice heard...but before that..Is there provision for me to get a refund?What a Long, Boring and Silly Bollywood Flick. Before I start, here are a few recommendations...1. Salaam Bombay (Go watch it!) 2. City of God (As pointed out by many here) 3. Kite RunnerSo there are parts of the movie that can be credited to the director esp. for getting great work out of the slum dwelling kids. The Music director (fyi: Bombay Dreams) is certainly well known in those parts of the world and being familiar with his work, the music was certainly not his best till date.-The director seems to want to showcase the flora and fauna of India and in a matter of minutes, there are camera shots of the hill stations in southern India to the desert in the western part - all on the same train?-The protagonist in the film, seems to have captured the attention of millions of people, yet after he has successful won the show, manages to sit at a train station - completely unnoticed?? Really? -The policeman sits in his vehicle, as someone stands in front burning? Huh - Am I to assume the impression is that somehow the law enforcement is to be played out as a joke?I am at a lack of words to express how silly this movie is! Go watch it if you still want to kill your brain cells. I am guilty of it.

I am surprised by the popularity of this movie.Anyone who has ever watched Indian Movies would know that 99% of them have same exact plot, and same exact twists and turns and they are all love stories with someone getting in between the guy and the girl.So when I watched this movie it felt like every other Indian movie I have ever watched. The difference being the characters all speaking in English.I found it annoying when the host of the 'Who wants to be a Millionaire', played by Anil Kapoor, kept saying after every answer, "Lock ki jiye computer ji", which means "Lock that answer Sir or Mr. Computer". Really? I haven't been to India in long time, but I find it odd to refer to a computer as 'Mr.' or 'Sir'.I also didn't like the ending where the hero doesn't know the answer to the question who the third musketeer was and he uses his 'life-line' to call the girl, and her answer is, "I don't know". So he guesses it and gets it right.What purpose did that serve? She was supposed to be the third musketeer with the hero and his brother when they were growing up. So they could have flashed back and shown another conversation that the three had as children where she remembers the name of third musketeer. That would have been more fun and exhilarating then pure guess.Finally, after his first night on the show when the hero is taken in custody by police and they torture him, even electrocute him, and then they simply return him to the show on next day.I don't know even in India such torture is that brazen. That part of the story didn't fit.In some ways that all fits together because that makes it TYPICAL Indian movie.If you have seen "Slumdog Millionaire", you have watched 99% of ALL Indian Movies.Congraturaltions ji.

Last things first - 10 Oscar nominations, 7 BAFTAs, 4 Golden globes and God knows how many more awards!!!! And all these awards are assumed to be prestigious, pity! By now, I assume everyone may be aware of the plot and the basic storyline of Slumdog Millionaire. The film scores high on the cinematography, screenplay, music and actually the rawness the film has... Some sequences here remain true to the actual condition. Like the backdrop of Mumbai and other places in Uttar Pradesh are beautifully depicted. The filthy slums and the untidy subways are natural. Director Danny Boyle uses many sequences to show cheating and inhumanness with many of pretty apparent from the face of it and some sidelined like the one where Salim prepares the mineral water bottle from the bottle picked from rags and the sobbing kids shown with the women when the brothers go to find cherry on the Pila street (which only a sensible director like Danny could do)Now a story beautiful like this but how badly sub plotted!! Extreme loopholes which cant be ignored in the name of cinematic liberty1) Where the hell do you find Mumbai slum kids in some 1-2 grade in a local government school reading 'The Three Musketeers'?? I myself haven't read it yet!! 2) The kids are waiting for their turn to sing as if some Indian Idol auditions are going on 3) A blind guy can recognize his early year friend (who were barely their together for some days) out of the trillion people in the world after 5-10 years of their separation merely by touching his face. This guy can also smell and tell which currency is this! As if this was not enough, he can also tell the name of the icon on the foreign bill, smiling with pride as if he was the governor who issued this bill!!!! Oh Miss Rowling - we have found a better wizard than HaRRY PottER, here in India..!! 4) Oh!! The international tourists can't make a difference between the guides and cheats. Over the top they believe the fake story by these cheats about an International Monument overriding what is written in the guidebook issued by the tourism department. 5) The tourists are so innocent to even handover a $100 bill to the person who robbed them miserably... 6) Jamal knows who invented a gun. Why? His brother had once got it from somewhere and threatened him muttering sounding something like colt... (Jamal - what do u eat for keeping your memory this good)... Boss - I myself have a refrigerator, cycle, table, chair...and I didn't knew I was supposed to know the names of their creators... 7) And then you have a game show host who is unnecessary teasing you in public (Was that necessary - Indian shows are not like this though...)... 8) D: Destiny.....Truly!! GOD had planned everything in Jamal's in a chronological order so that when he goes to the game show, he has no problems to remember the answers... 9) Don't you dare think slum people are illiterate or something - when they grow up, they automatically learn to speak in accented English better than many of the highly educated Doctors, engineers, police do....That's why the latters go only till 60000 but slum people go up to be a millionaire... (This was the secret answer to Irfan Khan's question in the beginning of the movie)OK....OK.....I have many more weak points in the movie but I think I should leave something for you toooo...... The movie is a good time pass if you say so......entertaining onewith some strong points that I said earlier Cinematography, Editing are topnotch... AR Rahman's music grows on you and is superb...but again the maestro has some better scores to his credit that this is pretty expected from him....He should have got all these awards a lot earlier..Acting by all the actors is fine but the pick of the lot are certainly the child actors... I never understood the media attention Frieda is getting!! Don't mind it but she had a some 5 minute role totally and that too to look up to Jamal on the foot over bridge with a backdrop of a local train...plus the number in the end credits (which I thought was perfectly blended with the end credits)Finally, it was a brave attempt - Things depicted in a good way but a more should have gone into research and writing.... Nevertheless India has a lot of positives that these small negatives don't stand.....JAI HO!!

It is really surprising for Slumdog Millionaire to be at #32 in the IMDb list. It is just one of ordinary movies which are churned out in dozens each year in India.I wonder what is the hype all about? Is it because the movie is directed by an American? The highlight of the movie is the way Slums of Mumbai are portrayed (which is great), But then whats wrong with movies like SATYA ...Aamir Khan's "Taare Zameen Par" did not find a place at the Oscars and Slumdog Millionaire is making waves .. Boy I am slightly confused.I have myself worked at different top notch Call Centres across India for 5 years, and trust me I have never come across a single Housekeeping boy (chaiwallah in the movie), who was so fluent in English. I was wondering why was he not taking calls and serving tea instead :D .... he would be earning at least 10 times a month.If we deep dive into the plot, a minimum of 25 defects can be pointed out any moment. The one mentioned above was just a single of the lot. And on "Well here is a little bit of the Real America Son" ... and that $10 Bill ... Its probably the most disgusting way to discriminate a Nation against another upfront. In the movie only parts of the car were removed, In the US the entire car could have vaporized. Mr, Danny Boyle there are infinite reasons for the plight of people in the SLUMS of India or the people in general ... But the above statement. What exactly did you wanna prove ??? Or was it to melt the hearts of the Oscar Jury members ;) ... Personally to me as and Indian it was sickening, honestly.******* Bottom line ... I am happy for A.R.Rahman for being honored for the music score (though this ones not his best), he is great and certainly deserve it ******** But the movie as a whole ... Oscars ........ I mean; I don't know *********

This movie had some promise but became boring. Contrived plot and all over the place. Absurd scenes. What police force tortures someone who wins a national game show. This movie could have been really good but the base premise held no water.If this is what has become the norm for academy awards then count me out.I am not so much against some of the ways of life in India as I do believe some of the horrors perpetrated on the children, in the movie, holds water.The game show premise was absurd and took away from what could have been a superb movie about children in the middle east.The scenery was spectacular with excellent visuals and great panoramic views of India.There was good chemistry among the children and some nice chicanery perpetrated.I heard the children stars of this movie were paid very poorly. Something amounting to 700.00 dollars. If this is the case, then what hypocrisy.

The film is a victim of all the hype attached to it. For whatever reason enough people saw something special in it and a ground swell of enthusiasm propelled this film into hysterical popularity. Unfortunately there isn't enough substance to warrant the praise.Gratuitous choppy editing, endless nausea-inducing skewed camera angles (the thing I hated most about the whole mess) and a rather too contrived plot are combined to produce only mildly entertaining results.The performances by the young actors were uniformly stellar and that is where the praise should be directed.Finally, where there's smoke - there's fire. For all Boyle's glib explanations of how well the kids were taken care of and how well paid they were the truth is they received far, far less than they should have based on their contribution. I'm surprised the movie-going public let the filmmakers get away with this.It's great that their education is supposedly assured but considering the extraordinary success of the film and the wealth generated for the fat-cats in Hollywood and London these kids' lives NOW could have and should have been transformed. How on earth could they have been allowed to return to the slums most of them came from? It's real a shame.Social issues aside, I was left unimpressed and numb at the end of the movie.

Some Indian people will do anything to earn American dollars.The situation in Indian cinema of the last 100 years is very confusing. No one likes art cinema (X Ray,Railway Bhatak,Pampalkrishna) where these intellectuals show poor people.In a film disco dancer mithun is showed as a poor hunter.X Ray has shown Gabbar Singh in a role of players of chess.Pampal has shown kerala super star Mum ooty.So rich people do not like art cinema as it shows only poor people.Sunil Dutt wife angry over X ray because in parliament x ray showing poor people. Indian intellectual class don't like Hindi films as 180 minutes full of songs,dance,comedy and action.It is like a spicy pizza full of different flavours.So Indian cinema is very confused state.Shyam Benegal making a silly film about village post man in Sajjanpur. Each time a non sense like this is made,it puts to shame all the good work which Indian software professionals are doing in India.Such a piece of an idiot's fantasy puts to shame all the Indian people who work for NASA in USA.This is because people will think that India is a poor country.No India is not a poor country but India is a golden sparrow.It is a pity that an Indian film "Stars on Ground" is not appreciated by west people.It is about mentally retarded children who are trained by a mentally retarded teacher.Many people write to Indian newspapers why Oscar is not giving a special prize to a gem of an Indian film "Stars on ground".A word about bad actors.The actor who played the role of police inspector cannot speak English at all.I happened to see him on TV and boy ! he was struggling to utter even some of the most basic sentences.I wonder he must have also been picked up from some Indian slum.Some of my friends told me that he has also acted in other English films.This makes me feel as if boorish guys can easily get roles in Hollywood.SM is sado masochistic film.The only person who has gained from this bad film is its casting director Loveleen Ton Ton.If she can earn lot and lots and pots and pots of money,there would be millions like her who have done mass communication who would do casting job of casting poor Indian children to earn shiny dollars making a mockery of India's progress.What a shame !

Times have changed, love stories are not what they used to be and princes are not either. Once upon a time we would talk about Men with money and a tender heart, nowadays in this globalist world money is more than ever out there (even in this time of crisis). So power and wealth stopped being a Noble feature.Intelligence was once considered the new Nobility, possessing knowledge was considered a virtue, knowledge which can be acquired by anyone at any time. Now things are different, values, pure heart, self respect are virtues that not everyone has access to, and Jamal the star of this tale has them. As Jamal said... it was written, things had to work out at the end, he deserved nothing less.This marvelous movie was made to touch your deepest emotions, to show us how love should be. Sit down and get ready to get schooled in life by a youngster. Lets just hope you paid attention.

This is far from a great film. Aside from being largely incoherent, it's just hard to fathom why this movie was made. It's more or less an Indian version of "Quiz Show" directed by an English guy. This strikes me as the kind of film that people who claim to be "worldly" will say is the "BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR OMG IT'S GREAT".I'm not against making modern fairy tales, but my major qualm with this film is setting a fairy tale against the backdrop of a capitalistic, Western game show, transplanted in India where they have their own rich culture that should be celebrated. This whole movie is centered around the idea that money is power, yet Boyle tries to disguise this with an over-the-top love story. It just reeks of bullsh*t.I'd rather watch a straight up Bollywood musical than this drivel. No thank you.

This is a good film...but not great.Many people find this film great,because 90% people are so emotional.The writing and editing is great along side it's unique idea.But I think if in the end Jamal lost every bit of money it will be a better finish and make this film a all time great.The things I dis-like most is ...1)After wining 2 million Jamal waited in the station but no one around him(no media..no journalist...no passenger).Previously(after winning 1 million) it shows he is so popular that every person in the road recognize him.2)After wining 1 million he is captured by the police because host of this show wants it.But after winning 2 million host don't call police.3)Actual cause of his(Jamal) coming to this show is he wants to be noticed by Latika.So, before the last question he succeed to his mission.So I think it will be more appropriate to show he win nothing(money)..but everything(meet Latika again) like a Millionaire.4)Most of all half of dialog of this film is in Hindi and other half in English...WHY?It should be completely Hindi or completely English.Last year's film "Môme, La" is completely in french and that makes it so good.5)Most of all if you think slightly you will realize that ...Jamal came from slum where nobody care about him and later part of his life same thing continue..suddenly because he win 1 million people cares about him...so if he lost money...then the station portion(sitting all alone and waiting for Latika) will be a master stroke.6)Jamal got entry in "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" from the call center.But it does not allow him to be in the hot seat.Because after somebody got the chance in phone he has to attend a question(which has all 4 write answer and you have to arrange it in Ascending Order and Descending Order)to be in the hot seat.But it should be shown in the film because about this the film is made.so it should be complete from beginning to end . 7)Most of all "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" never shown live..not in India and not in America too. My point is for only enjoyment it's a wonderful film..but it not gonna get Oscar.Because it has magic..but lack of logic.

The film captures the color and vibrancy of Mumbai, but the script is stupid, amateurish, contrived, melodramatic, and completely illogical. The preposterous notion that a game show contestant suspected of cheating would be tortured by the police is an insult to India. A competent director may have overcome the shortcomings of the script, but Boyle is obsessed with his distracting visual style (tilted camera, fast inter-cutting, excessive closeups) at the expense of story and character development and acting. His over-indulgent style is better suited to music videos. Also, as with his earlier "Trainspotting," this one features a revolting toilet scene. What's with that?

This was a terrible movie. I was really glad when the ending credits started to roll. I felt like I was dumped into India and forced to endure the misery of it. This movie was really disturbing to watch; never want to see children abused and watching their mother being killed. I do not care about any of the characters in this movie. Why was the main character in love with this girl? He fell in love with her when he was 10 and never stopped loving her? The love was so powerful that he was willing to risk his life to get her into his life....very unbelievable and strange. I was not moved in a positive way by this movie. This movie makes me not want to ever visit India, to never embrace its culture, to never want to have anything to do with it. The people of India should be angry about this movie. It paints a very negative image of the country and its people. The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts & Sciences really got it wrong with this one. Only the music was pleasant; certainly not worth eight Oscars including Best Picture. The dialog was very difficult to follow; yet, it won for Best Adapted Screenplay. This was a real disappointment.

I'll give you that the story is good as with the acting. The film's colors are probably one of the best I've seen, in an Indian dominated movie.However, have all the critics gone nuts? If you break it down, this is a very simple 2-3 tiered story involving a boy and his search for his love.The movie has put to frame some of the worst places and conditions on our planet and made it barely tolerable for the eyes to watch. The spoken language is English with very heavy Indian accents at times, but that is comprehensible. It is after all an Indian-centric cast and story.What I do find annoying, and not the fault of this movie, is the fact that everyone now tries so hard to make the Muslim's such victims. I mean we don't have to make them bad, but we certainly do not need to put them on the other end of the spectrum.A few odd-balls do not make the whole population bad or good.Growing up in a multicultural mix in Singapore, I've learn to appreciate each culture's good and quirks. I've also learn that the thing about Indian movies are the dances... it is what's unique about them. However, I don't really see a point for them in this day and age. That said, this movie have left only one dance sequence at the end and it is not obstructive. This is the point where people who cannot tolerate this sequence to leave the theatre. Nice touch for an optional dance.The actors are all pretty believable in their acting. Much to my surprise considering their ages. Seems Bollywood has come of age of late. Even the young ones are getting so good. Of course the veterans are important supporting casts, leading the young actors on the screen whenever they pop up. They are of course more natural at acting.I think this movie is worth the ticket you are paying to watch. However, I cannot understand the hype critics give it.

The film has been favourably received, gained Golden Globe and BAFTA awards and we are soon to have the Oscar verdict. However, this is a case of 'The Emperor's Clothes'.BACKGROUND Chris Tarrant's 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' is a popular programme: the host's manner is distinctive and impeccable and the contestants invariably interesting. I had misgivings about the Indian version being effective, as the programme requires a familiarity with the local culture. Similarly, I had difficulty with the Australian version when I was in Sydney.TV INFORMATION The author was interviewed on television and stated that the Major Ingram 'Millionaire' fraud had sparked the idea for his book. We were fed with glowing reports about the film and various clips on TV.DISCUSSION It is evident that the film is brilliantly photographed and technically assured, although some of the shots were pretentious and contrived.However, within a few opening scenes we see the hero is arrested on suspicion of cheating, is tortured and even given electric shocks in order to extract a confession. This is unacceptable and defies credibility as there was no evidence of cheating. Major Ingram and his wife were not manhandled in this manner. It showed the Indian police in a poor light and made for unpleasant viewing. I was surprised to meet a person (who liked the film) who said that the Indian police are like that! Hmm... The children from the slums uncharacteristically did not seem underfed, looked clean and healthy, had bags of energy and triumphed on various daring-do. Then there was the distasteful sequence of the child immersed in faeces and the unnecessary scene of the quiz host in a toilet with the hero. The quiz host was assured and obnoxious: he taunted the hero regarding his slum background and even did his best to direct him to the wrong answer to the penultimate question, thus violating the spirit of the Chris Tarrant show.There have been numerous intelligent films involving India: Bhowani Junction, Jewel in the Crown and A Passage to India to name a few. Slumdog Millionaire seems fatuous, distasteful and does not bear scrutiny: It gives a distorted image of Mumbai and its inhabitants. Are they all crooks and unscrupulous?It appears that many people succumb to a flavour of India, slum children and an obvious happy ending to the love story, irrespective of the detail.

I don't know what about this feel-good flick is so much better than a film like 'Bend it Like Beckham' or 'Along Came Polly'. This award-winning film from Danny Boyle is trash even down to the dance/musical number during closing credits so tacky i will never forget. Every individual adaptation of an idea in the novel that Danny Boyle attempts falls through his fingers with the same distracting tilt-angles that 'Doubt' was so heavily criticized for. Believe it or not, somebody thought it a good idea to cast one of the actors from 'Skins', the British, teenage soap opera that recently finished its second season as the lead actor. There are some cute performances from the kids who play the main actor as a child growing up, but not anything like the child-actor performances in 'Babel', a film which most certainly didn't win best picture at the Oscars. 'Slumdog Millionaire' is a British film which focuses not on empathy with another culture but on trying to make India seem 'ethnic' or 'different'. His unnecessary speed, disorientating shots, ridiculous filters and lenses and random subtitles and characters that weave in and out of languages make white people think they're tasteful. Woody Allen did the same think in 'Vicky Christina Barcelona' by simply turning everything yellow (or 'Spanish' in Sundance-Film-Festival-lovers' terms if you know what i mean). There are several plot-holes in this, the "40th best film in the World of all time", but that's understandable as it is with any Hollywood flick. Danny Boyle seems to love taking other people's ideas and turning their own art into his own money as well as claiming as many awards he can for his supposed 'creativity'. The fact that 'Slumdog Millionaire' was already a cheesy, emotional and trashy novel with a readable hook, (Jamal is an Indian thinking back on his experiences as a 'Slumdog' which mean he knows the answers to the questions for 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire, winning him 20,000,000 Rupees) only means that Danny Boyle's job as a director was easier, and trust me, he fails. Perhaps 'Slumdog Millionaire' could have been a TV series with an episode for each question, and this film's weak acting, outrageous end-kiss and blatant symbolism may have been more in place. Well, Dev Patel (Jamal Malik) would have been anyway. This is not THAT bad a film. People just need to look farer and widen their minds. five out of ten. enjoy.

Remember Cast Away, with the product placement for FedEx which so swamped the film as to make it seem ludicrous? Well, this film comes close to matching it with its "hommage" to Who Wants to be a Millionaire? In the novel upon which the film is based, the spine of the story is provided by the struggle between the boy from the slums who threatens to win the big prize on a local TV quiz show and the presenter of the show and its producers who cannot afford to pay out the top prize and so set the police upon the boy to extract a confession of cheating. In the film, the presenter denounces the boy to the police although his motive is not clear. It is certainly not because the producers cannot afford the prize. On the contrary, the brand image of "Millionaire" as a show that loves its contestants to win is strongly reinforced. The production team is shown applauding his success and "Millionaire" is shown in a very positive light as being the focus of all India's leisure interest. Shouldn't we be a bit uneasy about otherwise decent films succumbing to product placement on this scale?

Contains MIld Spoilers.Reading through the negative reviews I couldn't help but feel regret that those more associated with Indian culture have turned on this film. I can say that, personally, I can't speak with any knowledge of the subject(Indian Culture and History). I can only say that I don't believe that racial stereotypes were the focus of the director(s) and nor should they be the focus of the viewers. And it is important to note the Boyle doesn't claim to be an expert on India and that he employed the services of many to help him with this vision.However!<, I can say that I have seen over 5,000 films from many different countries including many from India and to say that Slumdog Millionaire DOESN't belong with some of the quality Indian films would be unfair. As for quality(cinematography, music, acting, etc), you would be HARD pressed to find better films than this in India or in America.Fact is, there are poverty stricken people in both countries that could end up in similar circumstances.... and to criticize this film for racial discrimination would be selling this movie short.Slumdog Millionaire is EASILY one of the years best. The film follows the life and struggles of two brothers. One of the finest aspects of the film is how Boyle and Co. found a group of young actors to play the roles of the brothers throughout different segments of their lives. So many times this shows the weaknesses of one group of actors or another, but in Slumdog, they do an equally fine job in each segment.Another unwarranted criticism of Slumdog concerns the plausibility of the film. To say that this could never happen would be like saying that no one ever hits the lottery. Sure, the chips rarely fall into place, but it happens none-the-less. How many times have you watched 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire' and just happened to know some of the huge dollar answers because of happenstance? It happens all the time. The smallest and least significant moments of our lives can be the most enlightening. You just never know when some piece of information you thought you'd never use will become useful.Jamal Malik perseveres because he's tough. He's been through so much that he's wiser.... smarter than he appears... an education outside of the realm of education. At one point in the film his rough childhood is the only reason he gets an answer right... It was a lesson about trust that he learned a long, long time ago. It marked one of many great moments in this film.Slumdog entertains from start to finish. At times it is hard to watch the violence towards the children in this film, but that violence is at the very center of the story. This is definitely not a children's film. The line from 'Shawshank Redemption' comes to mind... "Andy Dufresne crawled through a mile of the most God awful smell and came out clean on the other side".... That is Slumdog in a nutshell. I loved this movie. They make movies about poverty, violence against children, and religious upheaval in America and England too. Remember that before you try to tear this apart for casting a dark light on Indian culture. Slumdog Millionaire is a huge success and deserves all the accolades it has received and then some. 10/10 93/100(I ROUND UP ANY 93+ TO 10)

Slumdog Millionaire is the story of a boy from the lowest level on India's caste system who appears on the Indian version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire. This film shows the main characters life through cut scenes that show why he was able to answer all the questions on the show. movie is absolutely incredible. You cannot possibly miss the opportunity to see this one. It is 100% worth the price of admission. If anybody has seen City of God, this movie moves very similar to that one. Slumdog Millionaire may even be better than City of God. If you want to be wholly entertained by an engaging story that will inspire you, this is a movie you must see.

This comment may contain spoilers i love this movie. very original and romantic. The way its told very good. Danny Boyle is one of my favorite director. The movie describe India very well. The road, the culture, the people, the way of life. All are very natural. Slum in India is not quite different in the other Asian country. And what makes this movie best. The color the setting the cinematography and the honesty of the main character, Jamal Malik. Why would Jamal Malik so desperately joins this show, called "want to be a millionaire" the answer is about to find at the end of the movie. The music is very good too. AR Rahman did the great job on this movie. I hope this movie will win the best picture at the academy award this year

When I told my friend D. about this movie, he was a bit skeptic, but i insisted, telling him it was #42 on IMDb top250, so we watched it together... What I did not say was how skeptical I was myself, for apart from the media frenzy, there was nothing in this movie I was immediately attracted to, the poster didn't really help, and to be honest, it's not exactly my kinda movie.That being said, i have no regret for the 2 hours spent watching it. It kept all my attention from beginning to end, even the credits were a delight to watch. It's refreshing to see a movie that takes you through such a journey of joy, pain, love and much more.. to end in such a touching way that you have a big smile on your face, that you're not even aware of. It is truly a journey of feelings.The actors were great, even the children, the cinematography was incredible, the slums heartbreaking and the love credible. I felt for the main characters right from the beginning. The universality of this movie is perhaps what will make it popular all over the world. I could imagine similar situations back home in Africa, or even here in China. The director was incredible, the music on point, the lighting, and all the visuals were just perfect. It was a delight for the eyes, ears and emotions, I recommend it for anyone.

This is a movie unlike I've ever scene before. The way that the story is told is possibly the best thing about the movie. It's main focus is the Indian version of who wants to be a millionaire, but the film is much much more than that. It's about a Kid who goes from the biggest slum in Asia, to fulfilling all his dreams. This movie has the best child actors I think I have ever seen. Having them witness riots, murders, torture is truly terrifying. It really makes you feel for people in those parts of the world. I'm not saying that this is a sad film by any means. This is perhaps the only movie aside from The Shawshank Redemption that had me crying tears of joy. Go see it, best film of 2008 by far!

From start to end, I was mesmerized by 'Slumdog Millionaire'. I love Danny Boyle as a director. I loved his 'Trainspotting', '28 Days Later' and 'A Life Less Ordinary' which are films I can revisit and easily enjoy. Yet, I got much more from 'Slumdog Millionaire' than I expected. It is completely different from anything Boyle has done.The execution may at times very mildly remind one of 'Trainspotting' but this film is a lot more colourful. It stresses on the exoticness and cultural richness of India. The visuals are spectacular as there is plenty of detail and the shots are authentic. Boyle shows an impressive understanding of both life in the slums and streets and the modern Indian culture. I liked how the slums were filmed in a very genuine style rather than the 'pitiful dump inhabited by miserable savagelike people' as seen on the news channels. Boyle really balances the positive and the dark side. Even though little Jamal and Salim were slum-dwellers, they were shown to live a happy life with their mother. He also effectively portrays the harsh reality of life on the streets. The cinematography is fantastic and the editing is slick, while the film moves at a swift and steady pace maintaining the suspense and keeping the viewer engaged. The writing deserves mention as the characters are very well-etched, the dialogues are solid and the story itself is creative and fascinating.I would never have guessed that A.R. Rahman was responsible for the soundtrack. To me, it is entirely different from anything he's done. It boosts of energy. Think of adrenaline. Or think of oxygen supply to the blood. That's what the soundtrack is to the movie. Hope Rahman gets the long deserved international recognition for it.The acting is sublime. The child actors perform naturally and are outstanding, particularly those who play the youngest versions of Jamal, Salim and Latika. Dev Patel is wooden as the older Jamal.Freida Pinto is competent. It has been more than a decade since I've seen Anil Kapoor do any decent acting in any decent movie. Here, he seems to be back on track and delivers one of his best works (although he looks more like a drifter in a suit rather than a quiz-show host). Saurabh Shukla is getting typecast but he's effective and Irfan Khan shines once again.It's hard to define 'Slumdog Millionaire'. Is it a rags to rich story? Perhaps, but becoming rich was never the protagonist's goal. Is it a story of survival? Yes. A Story of love? Yes, the search of a lost love. A Comedy? Yes. Intense drama? Yes. Thriller? Yes...but forget about finding the answer to such questions because 'Slumdog Millionaire' is much more than one could describe in a paragraph. Watch for yourself and see. Many seem to label it as this year's 'Juno' (though I personally find 'Juno' overrated) and compare it to other great examples of cinema. However, I found it to be very much its own film. I would easily call it one of the best movies of recent times. Hope it gets all the acclaim and recognition it deserves. A must see for everybody.

The main actors as children - are a important part of the story.I can't enjoy any part of the movie knowing these precious children are in harms way.To just dump them back in the slums is where HE belongs.HE has put them in danger with their fame - then dumped them back in the slums. They deserve a safe existence and good education-NOW.I want the truth - where is the "proof" the film set up trusts - and if they did spend the money to protect and educate them now thru college.All praise and glory he thinks he deserves - makes him - nothing but the most horrible (can't even call him a "human being")of the worst CREATURE to ever exist.

To me, this movie out rules any movie I have seen in recent times, like Frost Nixon or Benjamin Button, and I'll tell you why. Boyle created a movie that is a real life situation and blended it flawlessly with the popular game show, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. He made us look at the dangers and the extreme poverty of India, and the poor conditions these people live in. Aside from that, It also shows the hate against the Muslims and the oppression against them for worshiping Allah, in relation to that, the poor infrastructure of India and its currupt officials who let the offenders burn and kill the Muslims alive. What is most genius but sad at the same time is how he actually managed to get the answers on the show, how the host knew on the 10,000,000 question he was going to choose the other given answer than the one he gave him by cheating, that scene was a nail biter! Overall, this movie is about two brothers who fight for their life every day in India and go from place to place, wandering everywhere. Jamal found love and as they grew, a man picked them up and worked as beggars on the streets. They escaped and eventually landed on the Taj Mahal, they settled there for some time, and grew a small fortune. They got kicked out, and then Jamal worked for the millionaire show, he got on it, and was falsely accused of cheating by the host. He won the fortune and found his girlfriend. The end. the people who didn't like this movie are those who didn't get the message and probably don't know a good movie, but this movie will endure generation after generation. 10/10

The Dark Knight should have won all the Oscars this movie got. Especially best picture of the year. I don't know how this movie got so much praise and attention. And how the hell did this movie get 8 damn Oscars! The Dark Knight is masterpiece and one of the best movies ever made, but this turd is just another overrated movie.

I was dying to see this movie, because of all the hype. And, needless to say, I came away somewhat disappointed. Its a fine film, don't get me wrong, but it's not a masterpiece, and I wouldn't even say its one of the 10 best of 2008. Maybe top 15. But definitely not top 10. Sometimes its clever and funny, other times its cliché and uninteresting. The ending is one giant sap-fest, unfortunately. I was expecting an original finale, but it was not to be. While this may be an "Indie Darling", it still has a lot of elements of modern Hollywood pictures, filled with a lot of predictable moments, and as said earlier, a very unsatisfying, and unoriginal ending. I'd still recommend seeing it, its one of those movies you have to see to fully judge the year in film. Its a good movie, just a little over-hyped, that's all.

Sex. Love. Death. Fame. Violence. "Slumdog" tells an epic story of greed, love, and redemption in under two hours. With an impressionistic style and economic storytelling, director Danny Boyle has crafted a thoroughly romantic tale of treachery and longing. It's a Movie filled with larger than life Villains and a from the slums Hero trying to secure the treasure, win the princess, and vanquish the dragon. But it's also merely serviceable. A way to pass the time.While I didn't dislike the film, I think it falls short of the transcendence it wants to achieve. Boyle wants to create an old school love story with over-sized emotions that sweeps you up and leaves you high on its Movie Majesty and celebration of Love. (See also Baz Luhrmann.) Instead, I was left admiring Boyle's editing as the characters are too thin to leave an impression. Also, the motivations of the film's on again off again villain turn on a dime and wholly serve the script rendering him more a device than person. The movie will give you back what you put into it. An impression of transcendence will have to be supplied by the viewer because the filmmaker is too concerned with crafting a whizz bang movie machine.The film's first fifteen minutes or so are its most gripping. Slum dweller Jamal and his friends play cricket on a nearby airfield and are soon chased away angrily by club wielding cops on scooters. The flight of the slumdogs takes them across the roofs of a Mumbai slum while the screaming police pursue. It's a great, alive scene that gives us an immediate sense of place, poverty, and oppression. Jamal will soon meet the Girl who will become his Quest and repeatedly be hindered by his avaricious brother."Slumdog" consistently displays a dynamic visual sense, but leaves much to be desired in the storytelling department. Cynical? Maybe, but the characters are too thin and too motivated by the needs of script to move this viewer.

Slumdog Millionaire is a genre jumping revelation that comes across as bizarrely plausible when events that seem impossible are contextualised in flashbacks that illustrate the life of our 18 year-old hero Jamal (Dev Patel), an orphan from the slums of Mumbai. Jamal has entered the Indian version of "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" in an effort to contact his lost love Latika (Freida Pinto). Much is made of Jamal's lowly status as a chai wallah (tea boy) at one of Mumbai's many call centres.This underdog status helps him to win the hearts of the viewing audience but arouses suspicion from the show's host, who pulls strings and has Jamal arrested and savagely interrogated when the show breaks at the end of the day's episode. Slumdog Millionaire jumps back and forward in time illustrating the parts of Jamal's life experience that have taught him the information he needed to correctly answer questions on the show. Much kudos must go to the cast and crew for uniformly excellent performances, filmed in often harsh and immensely difficult circumstances. Resourceful and resilient, once orphaned at a young age in a religious uprising, Jamal and his older brother Salim (Madhur Mittal) travel widely in their quest for safety and survival. The boy's hair-raising, and often hilarious, exploits on Indian railways and at the Taj Mahal are played out against marvelous scenery. Slumdog Millionaire successfully combines many genres such as history, 'road' trip, crime, coming of age, romance and quiz. All are deftly handled and interwoven in a total package that is hard to fault. Stay through the closing credits and you even get a Bollywood style dance number! Brilliant.

What a fun movie this was! The images are lush with the color and grit of a poverty-stricken Mumbai, India. The overall structure of the film was refreshing -- our hero, Jamal, has been accused of cheating on the popular show "Who Wants to be a Millionaire." Having grown up an uneducated, homeless, orphan the police find it hard to believe he could possibly answer so many obscure trivia questions correctly. Jamal claims that his life experience taught him lessons that, at least in the context of the chosen game show questions, served him as well as a formal education. The police inspector has a video of the show and as Jamal explains question by question how he knew the answers... the audience learns the story of his life through flashbacks.The film vibrates off the screen with a texture and realism that could only be captured on- location in India. I've never been to south Asia, but a couple years ago I saw a film about a group of impoverished Indian children called "Born Into Brothels," which won the Oscar that year for Best Documentary. The documentary was shot on video and revealed a world unlike anything I'd ever seen before. "Slum Dog Millionaire" is pure fiction, but Boyle and company have truly captured the vibrancy, the movement, and the indelible hope that can be seen reflected in the eyes of children growing up in destitute poverty the world over.The youngsters who play Jamal, his brother Salim, and Latika (Jamal's childhood sweetheart) are some of the best child performances I've ever seen on film. The child who plays the youngest incarnation of Jamal is nothing short of a miracle in my opinion. Even more surprising is the revelation that these kids are not actors, but were plucked from slums not unlike the ones depicted in the film. The best part of the film are the flashback sequences-- they have a life of their own thanks to some incredible cinematography, a pulsating soundtrack, funny writing, and great performances. The game show sequences do their job, despite being over-simplified -- Anil Kapoor, who plays a mean-spirited Meredith Viera, slithers through his scenes with slimy finesse. He's even able to pull off a ridiculous scene in a bathroom where his character tries to manipulate Jamal. I just found it distracting that this opportunity would even present itself. But that's just me.As for the latter part of the film, it fails to live up to the promise of the beginning. The weakest part is a love story that seems oddly forced/clichéd given the other strengths of the storyline. I suppose it's not really an Indian film if it's not about love, but from the start this film seemed to be about the relationship between the two brothers. I couldn't help but feel like there was some opportunity lost to tell a different, more interesting story there. Dev Patel (from the terrific BBC show "Skins") plays the oldest Jamal and does a solid job. His appealing innocence is what makes us care about him from the first moment we see him. Unfortunately by the end, it's that same innocence that makes it hard to buy that he experienced the difficult life that's been revealed to us over the course of the movie. The beautiful Frieda Pinto (who plays the oldest incarnation of Latika) has a similar problem. She's given even less acting to do, but pulls off the damsel in distress role as well as anybody. The ending falls flat in a final game show sequence that is notable for it's complete lack of suspense. We have a trivia question the western audience knows the answer to, and the wrapping up of a storyline that we see coming from 30 minutes away. In the final 15 minutes, things are unraveling quickly, and yet Boyle saves the ending by doing away with the predictable "guy gets rich, gets girl, and drives off into the sunset" motif. Instead Boyle keeps it simple and stays true to the world he did such an impeccable job creating. And to seal the deal? A marvelous Bollywood dance send up during the ending credits. This ending sequence is so much fun and leaves us, not thinking about the film's shortcomings, but rather with the memory of all there is to LOVE about this movie: Energy, color, and optimism in the midst of very harsh world.

In Mumbai, the eighteen year-old orphan from the slums Jamal Malik (Dev Patel) is tortured by the policemen in a precinct accused of cheating a game show. Jamal, who has no education and works in a call center serving tea, is close to win twenty million rupees in the show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" hosted by Prem Kumar (Anil Kapoor), giving precise answers to the questions and raising suspicion of fraud. The police inspector shows the videotape and after each question, Jamal tells parts of his childhood with his brother Salim, his crush for Latika and their fight to survive on the streets to justify each correct answer, guided by his common sense and past experience, and prove his innocence.The awesome" Slumdog Millionaire" is one of the best movies I have recently seen. The story is an original and simple tale of love, serendipity and fortune, in the environment of poverty and criminality in the slums and streets of India; but the screenplay is fantastic, using flashbacks to disclose the life of the lead character, his brother and his passionate and pure love for another orphan in a perfect development of the characters and the plot. The acting is top-notch, and the boys and girls that perform the lead roles (young Jamal, Salim and Latika) have also amazing performances. In the credits, there is a great surprise with the cast singing and dancing like in most Bollywood productions. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): Not AvailableNote: On 22 February 2009, this movie was awarded with eight Oscar, including Best Picture and Best Director.

It's been a long time since someone from the movie industry created this kind of movie. Such beautiful eye-candy, a marvelous collage of events that transpired and occurred with seamless movement. Slumdog millionaire delivers the entertainment that no one had seen for a long time in the mainstream movie industry, the artful entertainment.The critics were right, this film employs the beauty of every possible thing that may be done with a camera. The richness of colors gave the horrible slums of India a life that projects the joy of living for those who live life as simple citizens living below the poverty line. A story that pulls you deeply with every passing moment until the climactic ending where every event, every moment of the extraordinary story, culminates to the ultimate joy and success that the film deserves. The beauty of art merged with a flawless narrative and light-hearted humor creates, at last, a film that deserves more than any award for being a joyful depiction of life and a positive force to its viewers. Quite unlike last year's award sweepers, No Country For Old Men, and There will be Blood, and together with 2006's The Departed that delivered a powerful story and cinematic photography but nonetheless dark and depressing in nature. Slumdog Millionaire is a thrilling and joy- provoking success and a non-cheesy romantic story to boot.Watch and experience the beauty of film-making and story-telling at it's finest.

Firstly if you don't like 'Who wants to be a millionaire?' then steer clear of this film as it's like watching a feature length interrupted episode minus Chris Tarrant. Secondly, if like me you have a cold dead robot heart, avoid this at all costs, you have been warned. Danny Boyle's 'feel-good film of the decade' (News of the world) is so packed full of clichés it feels like its trying to reach a million itself. The rags to riches story will melt even the hardest of hearts, the 'oh look he used to be covered in sh*t and now he is a millionaire' stick starts wearing thin pretty early on and doesn't get much better as Boyle tries to inject some pace by including chase sequences to a thumping soundtrack that consists mostly of M.I.A. tracks. The film is long and boring with each flashback explaining how this dumb kid could possibly know the answer to a certain question, honestly he didn't cheat he knows because (cue some horrific part of his upbringing which he just happens to now be being asked a question about) of his experiences. But honestly it is so cool when the whole nation gets behind him and the suspense comes thick and fast as when filming the show they have to take an advert break, I was on the edge of my seat (desperate to leave the cinema). The idea is weak to begin with but stretching it out to two hours is excruciating, but he's only got one lifeline left, I tell you I still had long nails by the end, yep definitely no biting there. All in all a waste of time movie that offers nothing new or indeed anything old revamped. In fact the only reason I can see that this film got made was to once again rinse the pockets of the idiots who made 'Mamma Mia' the biggest British film of 2008. Yeah that's right she can't afford to heat her house but she can afford to go see this rubbish, your granny will love it whereas I hated it.

With eight Oscar wins (including one for Best Picture), you can't help but assume this will be one of the best films ever made. Well, although it is very good, it's hard for ANY film to live up to this much hype I was a bit disappointed as a result.I began watching the film with my wife and oldest daughter, a short way into the film my wife left--saying the film was just too violent and depressing. Well, it IS both of these things and shows in awful detail what life can be like for the poor orphans of Mumbai. Vomiting, a kid jumping into a pool of excrement and evil thugs deliberately blinding kids--this movie WILL make you flinch and comes by the R-rating honestly. Now I am NOT suggesting they should have completely cleaned it all up--after all, this is a terrible sort of life and showing it any other way would be wrong. But, be forewarned--this is a very tough film to watch--especially in the first half hour.I would talk more about the film except it has already been reviewed 10000000000 times--and adding my two-cents worth isn't going to add much that hasn't already been written. Extremely well acted and constructed--this is a fine film.Perhaps the Oscar nominees that year were really bad. I dunno. All I do know is that this film probably has killed the Indian travel industry!!!

After the rather disastrous response to The Beach (which wasn't completely unjustified), genre-hopping director Danny Boyle declared he works best at home, in the UK. How ironic, then, that his best film since Trainspotting - which was released in 1996 - is set in the low-life areas of Mumbai (better known to foreigners as Bombay), India. Then again, Slumdog Millionaire remains an eminently British production since, alongside Boyle, producer Christian Colson (The Descent), writer Simon Beaufoy (The Full Monty) and star Dev Patel (Skins) were all born and raised in good old England.The director's versatility pushes itself to the limit, considering the story revolves around the famous TV quiz Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. As the opening title card informs us, a certain Jamal Malik (Patel), is one question short of winning the top prize. How did he do it? The show's sleazy host (Anil Kapoor) is convinced the boy cheated and calls the police, who arrest Jamal as soon as he leaves the studio (the final question will be answered the next day). He is questioned/tortured all night, simply because no one believes an uneducated "slumdog" can be that smart or lucky (and let's not forget the host tried to set him up at one point). Jamal chooses to tell his story, revealing that the clues to the answers are all hidden in the key events of his brief, tragic life.At this point, the film follows a flashback-based structure: as every question of the quiz is displayed on the screen, Jamal recalls a specific incident that contributed to his current status. We are thus enabled to see the various tricks he and his older brother Salim used to earn money when they were kids, the religious persecution that led to the death of their mother, the multiple challenges in the form of local criminal gangs and, most of all, his pure, honest love for a girl named Latika (played by Freida Pinto in the present day sections). All these elements are connected. Or, as Jamal says: "Maybe it is written.".Shot with gritty realism on the real streets of Mumbai, the film reeks of hand-held energy and comes off as Boyle's most dynamic and vital movie in a long time. There's a certain similarity between Jamal getting by on the sidewalks and Mark Renton escaping from the police at the beginning of Trainspotting, and Boyle bravely acknowledges the connection by openly inserting a homage to his cult masterpiece's legendary toilet dive scene (the Slumdog Millionaire version takes the concept quite literally). He never looks away when things get ugly, but fundamentally this remains his most uplifting picture to date, so beautiful and touching it almost feels strange to know he nearly turned down the project, based solely on his lack of enthusiasm - to put it mildly - for the quiz aspect of the premise.The truth is, of course, a whole other thing: the game element is merely a MacGuffin, an abstract factor that serves only one purpose, namely starting the story and thus leaving room for the extraordinary circumstances under which Jamal, Salim, Latika and dozens of other children had to (and still have to) survive. In the end, no one really cares whether Jamal will win the top prize or not (although Boyle deserves credit for making the quiz sequences even more suspenseful than they are in real life); what matters is his story, the human story, the one everyone can relate to on some level.Ultimately, the victory that counts is off-screen: it's the artistic triumph of one man, who against all odds (given his rather dark back catalogue) delivered the feel-good movie of the decade. Calling him a millionaire is a tad inappropriate (the film was made on a shoestring budget), but thanks to this amazing story, Danny Boyle is a real winner.

Not worth all the publicity it got.I saw this movie quite a long time after it came out, and having heard so many good comments about it, I was really disappointed. I am not saying this is a bad movie, not at all, it still remains a pretty good one with a not-so-usual scenario. However, it is not that extraordinary, and I totally disagree with the honors this movie got (hence my vote). So for those who hasn't seen Slumdog Millionaire yet and intend to watch it, my only advise would be : go and see it without being certain to see a masterpiece, and you will not be disappointed. (And keep in mind, in the real game, the questions are much more difficult!)

Slumdog Millionaire is a rags to riches saga, and it's also the oldest story in the world: Boy meets girl. Boy gets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy tries to get girl back... But yet, in so many ways, it takes what could be such a dusty old story and makes it new again. Even the premise of a game show on first blush seems like it will yield little if anything of interest, but even though I am not a fan of these silly game shows (except of course Jeopardy, which challenges the mind) I was enthralled by this movie.And on top of the compelling story, you also get a most fascinating backdrop: India, and the City of Mumbai, formerly known as Bombay. You get teeming slums filled with poor but resourceful people juxtaposed with the splendor of the Taj Mahal; you get an ancient culture making rapid fire changes to a modern one, transforming before your eyes. Slumdog Millionaire is quite an achievement, and one that seems to have come along at precisely the best time: Like the game show, it offers an escape in times of economic strife.The device of the game show is brilliant, as it allows the questions, and the subsequent interrogations, to each trigger a flashback, an episode in the past that will illuminate how Jamal Malik, the nominative Slumdog Millionaire, came to know the answer. Sure, there is some luck involved, but oftentimes a memorable event in Jamal's past will make the answers stick in his mind. As we discover how he knew the answers we also learn about how much he loves Latika, and how his brother Salim became a gangster. The performances of the three characters in that "bazaar" love triangle, as children, and then young adults, were brilliant. Kudos to Dev Patel, Madhur Mittal, and the lovely Freida Pinto. Anil Kapoor was brilliant as the show host, Prem Kumar--a younger, Indian version of Regis, but with an edge.Prem Kumar: So are you ready for the final question for 20 million rupees? Jamal Malik: No, but maybe it's written, no? Prem Kumar: Maybe...

first of this is not a feel good but a very feel bad film. all the characters and i mean all of them are nasty and quite stupid. the elder brother constantly screws his younger brother and puts him in difficult and life threatening situations he stills the love of his life. the policeman, the quiz show host, the gangsters are all horrible and nasty people. everything that happens to the kid is tragic. the kid as a grown up is a gormless guy, who just wants his girl, neither he nor his brother aspire to anything, they just get by, by any means mostly foul and violent. the film is loud abrasive and the utmost in exploitation cinema. i think audiences today just go in leave their brains, if they have one, at the door and lap up what is in front of them. going along with critics, who today, have lost all critical faculties, just wait for when the DVD comes out i bet anything that critics who gave this film rave reviews will be more conservative on their appraisal, on a second views all its very many flaws and unbelievable implausibilities will come to light. a bad film in every way

Slumdog Millionaire Plot: The main character Jamal (Dev Patel) lived in the slums for most of his life. Jamal is on the game show "Who wants to be a millionaire?" and for every question that is asked, there is flashback to Jamal's life and that's how he answers each question. For every event that happened in his life, there's a question about it. The police suspect he's cheating because he's from the slums, meaning he isn't well educated enough to know all the answers.Would I Recommend It: I definitely wouldn't recommend this film. There is no real plot or purpose in the film. Throughout the whole film it's just about Jamal's past, which gets rather boring. I can't understand why people say this film is really good, nothing much really happens. And there is no real purpose to the film. It's just Jamal answering questions on the game show.Why I gave It The Rating I Did: I gave it a rating of 1 star because I don't think it's worthy of anything more. I didn't enjoy the film at all, all the way through the film I was waiting for something "good" to happen. There was no purpose at all to the film.Slumdog Millionaire is definitely one of those films which is highly overrated. Before watching this film I'd heard people say it was amazing and the best film of 2008. After I'd watched the film I felt highly let down. Save your time for something worthwhile.

Having read about all the critics falling over themselves praising this film, I thought I would be greatly entertained. I was, but only mildly. The story of a contestant on "Millionaire" whose knowledge all stems from experiences in his life is a great idea, but by the end of the film I just did not care enough about him to see whether he would take the prize or not. I don't think Jamal's character is particularly sympathetic or likable enough for me to be behind him. The relationship with Latika was, to me, not explored all that well. I was in a theater with a fairly sizable audience and no one laughed. I shrugged my shoulders throughout. Well made as it is, it just didn't matter to me what happened to Jamal. Thats unfortunate. Thats why I recommend the film as a film that has merit in its execution but little merit in its characters. I wouldn't want to know anyone in this film. Thats why I didn't love it, only kind of liked it.

it's a surprise a person having made a film like Trainspotting can come up with such a poor adaptation and a really bad portrayal of a city like this. but more surprising than that is the reception and the reaction of the so called 'western' audiences. i'm an Indian and i utterly dislike the film. Mumbai is so wrongfully portrayed in this fantasized modern-day 'fairy tale'. i do not think Ebert or any other film critic has ever seen a better film which portrays Mumbai truly. and let us be true to ourselves people, Slumdog looks like a less violent, more sentimental 'Cidade De Deus'. kids with guns, a humble n honest protagonist, stark lighting, paced-up editing...Mumbai isn't at all like the city of god! about the music, A.R. Rahman is a genius, nobody can deny that. but this is not his masterpiece. he has given way better music than this; in Roja, Bombay, Rang De Basanti, Dil Se. even if he ends up with an Oscar for this, this soundtrack would still remain among the not-so-good Rahman albums.the film is a real let down at least for all the Indians i know of who have seen. its cheesy, Bollywoodish, immensely predictable and, too too clichéd...clichés which do not work...perhaps for the fantasy-driven, fairy-tale, living-in-a-dream viewers.

Boyle is back, and in top form. His trademark shots are all there, his excellent transitions, masterful score, and compelling character's that connect to the very end. I'm a fan of Darjeeling Limited and the India aesthetic in general, but this film is relentless in its depiction of the gritty slums that surround it. The unknown cast only adds to the realism, no parallels can be drawn to previous works.I'm not of a fan of spoiling anything in reviews, it peeves me when more often than not I read a review and nearly most of the film is compressed into three paragraphs. I'm not going to do that. I will say that the film is promising and should court some Oscar buzz this year. However, not in the common "little Indie that could" fashion, this film goes beyond that.It has so many things going against it here in the States, the usage of south Asian characters, and... well I'll stop there. If the Academy can look past their ignorance, this coming of age tale will surely captivate, if American's can look past the obvious determinants.

this movie is horrid. i would not recommend. if you like long drawn out pointless movies. just because they won an award doesn't make it the best movie ever. i don't understand how all of you voted 9 stars. very overrated movie. don't watch, i promise you will be mad at yourself.the story was predictable.it was a movie based on a middle eastern boy. i really don't like this movie whatsoever. it was the biggest waste of time. i am begging you to not go to see this movie. unless you want to poke out your eyeballs of how stupid and boring this movie is. about a game of who wants to be a millionaire, and some middle eastern boy who finally got something out of life. big deal. this movie was garbage.

The top reviewer said "the story introduces one of the brothers as being the subject of a very strong interrogation". Think of what the latter phrase is a euphemism for. It's not a spoiler but a warning to say that this scene is graphically violent, followed by many similar scenes. I walked out after 50 minutes.I really don't understand how this movie can be listed as a comedy drama, given the endless graphic violence it contains. The only audience laugh was when a boy is prevented from doing something he really wants to him unless he swims through a cesspool. Talk about potty jokes taken to an extreme! I wish I had never been talked into seeing this film. It will be a long time before I can get these extremely disturbing scenes out of my head. All ads and reviews of this film should have an explicit warning of the horrors in it.

I liked the movie. I didn't love it though. But that's just me and my opinion. What I'm really trying to say is when you have a movie that generates this much hype and acclaim, you can be forgiven for thinking that you will eventually end up loving it. But unlike in the movie, the bottomless optimism fails miserably. It's just a fantasy/romance movie with a lot of colors added. And I guess the reason the Americans/British found it so interesting was because of the novel theme. Once the novelty wears off, am sure this film will be remembered only as an overrated average film with some not-so-good acting all around. Don't take my word for it, see it for yourself. But I wont recommend seeing it again. For then, you won't like it even half as you did the first time.And I wonder too, would anyone have paid so much attention to it had it been made completely by Indians?

All the folks that I talk to rave about this movie. Criticizing this movie has become like criticizing Obama. No one wants to hear it. I feel that the movie tries to package the more than well trodden Hindi movie masala themes into a more western friendly style. The good part about the movie is that it does this well. Also it does the story telling in a somewhat novel way. I also feel that it tries to provide realism in a very superficial way. Exhibit 1: The protagonist speaks Hindi all through the childhood (this part was realistic) but starts to speak middle class/upper middle class stylish English when he grows up (stylish in the Indian context). How did he learn the language so well? I think the casting could have been better. Also Rehman's music is highly overrated in this movie. This certainly is not the best music Rehman has given (I know the GG award was comparing this music with nominees in this category). I have loved many of Rehmans compositions and follow his work carefully. Glad that someone has given more technical thought and insightful comments than the usual "shows in India in bad light" argument. If this movie wins an Oscar apart from the GG, I certainly would see merit in the disappointment of a whole group of Bollywood directors whose movies were much better than this one. Sorry just a mediocre movie.

Slumdog Millionaire (2008) is a very good movie with the astounding cinematography, virtuoso directing, and the heartbreaking yet optimistic story. The acting by three main characters especially by a newcomer, Dev Patel, is compelling. Patel plays a street kid Jamal Malik (Patel), an 18 year-old orphan from the slums of Mumbai, who made it to the Indian version of the TV show Who wants to be a millionaire?" and keeps answering correctly every question. The secret is that every question represents a chapter of his own life, his growing up and surviving on the streets, his adventures and experiences often dramatic and even tragic. When he is just one question away from winning 20 million rupees (around $450,000), the time is up, and millions of TV-viewers who root for Jamal would have to wait for the following night to see him go for the big prize. Jamal is arrested by the police right after the game and he will spend the next day been rather brutally interrogated by police officers who want to find out how the street boy with no education can answer the difficult questions correctly. Fifteen years from the lives of Jamal, his older brother Salem and another orphan from the slums of Mumbai, "the third musketeer", the girl named Latika (Frieda Pinto), Jamal's true love since their childhood will reveal in flashbacks, and by the end of Jamal's story, it won't surprise us why he knows all answers. IMO, the only weak point in the story was the big 20 million rupees question. I won't reveal it but trust me, the whole reading or movie watching world knows the answer, and the question was too easy for such high stake BUT it fits the story very well, so I tend to be lenient.The best part of the movie is IMO the look at India from within, the glorious views of India's beauty and horrifying captures of its unspeakable poverty, from the slums of Mumbai and the dizzyingly crowded streets of Bombay to the heavenly magnificent Taj Mahal.Boyle's directing very much reminds Fernando Meirelles inspiring movie-making in Cidade de Deus aka City of God by its dynamism, fast and furious camera movements, and amazingly deep and compassionate understanding of the material. I won't be surprised if Doyle receives the Oscar nod for directing. He very well deserved it along with his camera-man, editor, writer, and the young actors.

Slumdog Millionaire is one of those rare films that comes along every once in a while that is simply breathtaking, and it achieves this status not through big flashy special effects or massive Hollywood set pieces, but rather through its unique direction, superb writing, amazing acting, and genuine heart.Slumdog Millionaire is the story of a young man named Jamal who grew up in the slums of India. Jamal has found his way onto India's version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire". The story starts, Jamal is only one question away from winning the jackpot, 20 million rupees, but the show ends shortly before he can get to the final question, so he must wait until the next episode to finish his run. After leaving the show, Jamal is kidnapped by the Indian police and is accused of cheating. Through his interrogation, Jamal describes in flashbacks just how he knew all of the various answers to the questions from different points in his life, as well we end up learning why he even went on the show in the first place.This film is quite easily Danny Boyle's best film of his career thus far. It has all of his usual trademarks that you expect from his directing, but it has something more that many of his previous films did not have, a true heart. That's right, Slumdog Millionaire is one of the most heartfelt films I have seen in years, and Danny Boyle's kinetic direction keeps the film rolling at a terrific pace, while never forsaking the true heart of the story.The film as well features terrific acting from all of its cast, especially Dev Patel who plays the oldest incarnation of Jamal. Also the film's script, written by Full Monty scribe Simon Beaufoy, is simply marvelous and is one of the best written scripts I have seen in a long time.To sum it all up, Slumdog Millionaire is easily one of the best films I have seen in a while. It is Oscar worthy in every single sense. If you see just one more film this year, make sure that it is Slumdog Millionaire, you will not regret it.I give Slumdog Millionaire a perfect 10 out of 10!

Ever go to a movie , whose story depicts the country you grew up in & squirmed in discomfort how awfully little they understand about it. I, after every such movie, used to wonder what do people really think about India ? Is this it ? How much of that glimmer of dignity is going to deteriorate after that movie ? . [ Temple of Doom & Octopussy got it Awfully Wrong . No, we NEVER ate brains ] Till now no one had ever thought of adding Danny Boyle, A.R.Rahman & a brilliant screenplay by Simon Beaufoy, who also wrote Full Monty by the way . And now that they have, they formed a combination with a Unique Universal Appeal .Jamal Malik, a Muslim former street child from Mumbai,leads us through the history of his short but full life . From Living on the trash heaps,to his place on the Hot Seat, but the ride is an exhilarating one. Born into a brutal existence , Jamal, a petty thief, impostor and survivor, mired in dire poverty, improvises his way up through the world , realizing gradually how every life's experience helps him at a crucial point . The film uses dazzling cinematography, breathless editing, driving music and headlong momentum to explode with narrative force, stirring in a romance at the same time. Danny Boyle combines the suspense of a great game show with the vision and energy of "City of God" and never stops sprinting.The Cast is Astounding . Perhaps the Best of 2008 .The kids were adorable little rascals. They'll be with you long after the movie is over. He makes Trainspotting , Shallow Grave , 28 Days Later . . . & now a power package of The Shawshank Redemption / Forrest Gump / Quiz Show / Pulp Fiction / The City of God. I'll VERY surprised if any other movie wins the Best Picture .One of the most upbeat stories about living in hell imaginable . This is a bright, cheery, hard-to-resist movie it's joyfulness evokes an honest cry from the heart about the human spirit.Gandhi & A Passage to India came quite close , but this movie just snatched the pure essence of India. Yes, this is how India was , this is how India is now & this is the movie you would want to see to get into the flesh of Being an Indian.Slumdog Millionaire is the PERFECT Fusion of Hollywood & Bollywood .I'm hoping for Best Picture, Best Director & Best Original Score at Oscars for this Phenomenon, though it could win others , but I feel it faces a stiff competition in both Best Adapted Screenplay & Best Cinematography with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. David Fincher also seems to be quite in form , Oscars will be very interesting !

I just got back from Slumdog Millionaire and I can't think of many bad things to say about it. It's a beautifully paced narrative with superb acting. He got great work from the kids and the casting of the characters as they age is excellent work, allowing you to become very invested in them. The story was engrossing, the photography was stellar, and the exoticness and energy of India jumps off the screen. Boyle's frenetic camera work and India's frenetic pace are a great match. The Bollywood references are great and the final scene as the credits roll is memorable, leaving you with a good aftertaste. It's all backed up with a great soundtrack. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll cringe, you'll gasp... all that good stuff. I had a couple of issues with the ending but not enough to spoil what was otherwise a hell of a ride. A great movie and one that I highly recommend.

this movie was superbad and by that i don't mean good i watched it and even all the hype that was going on about this movie,,its just that, hype thats it.... bollywood will never make a good movie as far as im concerned... if you like American movies you wont like this movie.... if you like b-list movies you might,,,,,might like this movie... now i suggest you don't watch this movie our money doesn't need to go to India our nation needs the money doesn't need to go to a nation that tries to lock up a person for kissing person in public. this movie wants you to be sorry for there SORRY country but im not buyin it its stupid.... because of this "star from bollywood" i will never watch another film out of India again

This movie is a great proof that Joe McMoviegoer only cares about the plot in its most simplified synopsis version, and nothing else. I admit: the IMDb synopsis DID sound interesting. But an interesting idea is one thing; how it's executed is a whole new ball game. Let me start by saying that the Who Wants to Be a Millionaire show is not (repeat: NOT) aired live: it's a recording. This makes the entire ending fall flat on its face, as it rests on the premise that it IS aired live. How can people just ignore such plot holes in order to enjoy the movie, I don't know. Speaking of the show - one of the early questions was this:What is written on the national emblem of India:A. The TRUTH Triumphs. B. LIES Triumph. C. FASHION Triumphs. D. MONEY Triumphs.Most of us have never seen the emblem of India, but can easily guess the answer, right? Yet our dumb protagonist uses the Ask the Audience "lifeline".Come on, Mr. Director. I know you had to get rid of one lifeline in order to leave only two for your vision of the grand finale, but couldn't you have picked a more realistic question to do so? Is our protagonist such a moron that he actually thought the national emblem might say "Lies/Fashion/Money Triumphs"?!The premise of the movie is that Jamal, the protagonist, albeit an uneducated slumdog, knows the answers to most of the questions simply because he has "lived them", so to speak. An interesting fictional premise, but...Thus our Jamal knows that the revolver was invented by Colt (and not Browning, Wesson, et al) simply because his brother once, when attacked by bad guys, miraculously, deus ex machina-style, pulled a Colt we'd never seen him acquire prior to that and killed one of them. And that's how Jamal knew Colt and not Wesson invented the revolver.In a similarly inane fashion, he knows that the face on the $100 bill is Ben Franklin, because his blind(!) slumteen beggar buddy, after Jamal had given him $100 and described the face on the bill as a "bald man with hair on the sides", told him it's Ben Franklin. Are we supposed to believe that underage, illiterate, uneducated Indian beggar kids that have never seen a book or a TV set in their life, let alone a 100-dollar bill, know what Franklin looks like? Please. But I guess anything's possible in a movie in which an elementary school slum dropout talks to British tourists in perfect BBC RP, firing out collocations such as "in a top-class fashion" and "maximum-pileup traffic accident" like it ain't no thang.Also, the final, million-dollar question is (drum roll): Name the third Musketeer: Athos, Porthos... Come on. If the final questions were that easy, we'd all be millionaires. And how does Jamal know the answer? He takes a blind guess, because it was his destiny to win. "It was written". And he guesses right.Just like he told the (also teenage) love of his life that they'll find each other no matter what, because "it is written". Come on. I haven't heard such salad-tossers blurted by teenagers(!) since Dawson's Creek. Even The Last of the Mohicans barely managed to get off with similar cheese. I could go on forever.So, in the end, our fate's pet Jamal answers all of the questions, while his big brother frees the girl from the jaws of mafia by killing the boss. Mind you, he first killed bad guys, then joined them, and now he switched it up again while you weren't looking and mended his ways. He held Jamal at gunpoint, raped the love of his life, and cut her face, but now he suddenly wants to help them. Must have been touched by the hand of God off-screen. Anyways, the girl is now free to catch the impossible live airing of the show, reunites with Jamal on-air, and they live happily ever after as millionaires. And she thought they would "only be united in death" (direct quote... the kids of today, so profound).Because puppy love conquers all. Especially if your future-boyfriend is about to become a millionaire. So, two hours of an interesting premise ruined by carelessness in details and chuckle-inducing implausibility, slopped with saccharine, drowned in a one-sided portrayal of life in India (read the other negative reviews for more on that), and spiced up with a dash of that straight-out-of-Bollywood fairytale love story - which you couldn't give a rat's ass about even if you wanted to, since the girl suffers from a severe case of character underdevelopment (all we know about her is that she's "the most beautiful girl in the world" (of course)), and there's more chemistry in your hamburger than there is between her and Jamal.But I guess the morning after watching the movie you'll only remember the core of the story as summarized in the IMDb synopsis, and that would suffice. Good for you.P.S. Nice hand-held camera work in a couple of shots. And nice colors. The only things hinting, albeit infinitely remotely, at the fact that this is the same guy that directed Trainspotting. Incomprehensible.

http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/One movie that won't be on my year-end best of 2008 list is Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire. What's surprising to me is that I might be the only critic on the web to not have it on their list. After watching it last night, I want to know: why all the love for a routine melodrama dressed up as something exotic?As you expect from Boyle, SM is exceptionally stylish, fluid and kinetic. The more I think about why so many people love this movie, the more I come back to how expertly the film is crafted. It is a hyper film, bristling with action, drama, emotion and energy. India makes for a truly epic backdrop, with splashes of color, clutter and exotic wonder. With the languages breaking in and out of English, Hindi and other regional dialects, SM feels like a completely foreign, yet utterly accessible movie. In nearly ever superficial way imaginable, SM strives to be a palatable form of culture shock. Based on its success, it seems Boyle has succeeded.For the first half of the film, the story's winding structure deliberately keeps you guessing, your head spinning amidst a whirlwind of backstory and puzzling present tense. But by about the halfway mark, I found my bearings, and once I did, the artifice of the film started to reveal itself. At this point, a very simple, but (potentially) revealing question popped into my head: if this whole thing was set in the USA with familiar actors and locations, wouldn't it just be another syrupy sweet romantic melodrama?Perhaps the real culprit was when the story and character's transitioned from childhood to maturity. With the first half of SM reminiscent of the adventures of Satyajit Ray's Apu, I was swept up and completely sucked in by young Jamal's struggles. But once Jamal was transformed into a young man, the events unraveled into a predictable teenage soap opera, with plot lines seemingly plucked from The O.C. or Gossip Girl.By the time the end credits started to roll and the cast of actors broke into a choreographed song and dance routine, I felt like Boyle was mocking me. For a movie that starts out with such a kick to the gut in terms of gritty, gutter level realism, for it to end on such a completely phony level, I can't help but feel Boyle pulled the wool over everyone's eyes. Perhaps that's the point.It's no secret SM is a fairy tale, furthermore, much of it is lifted right out of the pages of Dickins' Oliver Twist. The film also references Puccini's Tosca, a three-act opera considered by many to be the most dramatic of all operas. Since Boyle unabashedly acknowledges SM's operatic and dramatic origins, then perhaps his fault is his ambition. His ambition is to turn a contrived melodrama into a social commentary, to thrust into the spotlight the issues of poverty, a developing India, the caste system, globalization and the injustices of capitalism. Big themes indeed, but Boyle is not Brecht and there's nothing post-modern about SM's shamefully manipulative attempt to hide behind realism. I might be the only critic on the web to dislike this movie...but at least I know why.

I went to see this movie, tonight, with zero information on it other than Danny Boyle was the director. I am a fan of Trainspotting, and absolutely loved 28 Days Later. What I got here was something nothing like either of these movies, but something else, wholly beautiful.From beginning until the very end, I was enthralled in this film. Everything in this movie has a purpose, whether it be to give the characters their human qualities, or to be used for plot later on. Usually with films like this, I have found, you find somewhat of a filler section (which is why I have never been really a fan of these genres) ... but here, here was something very special.I felt with the main character, through everything in his life, and that everything in the entire film is bringing him to the conclusion of this film. I sat and experienced the things he had gone through, and was genuinely moved as it came to conclusion.Beautifully written, shot and acted, I feel I am compelled to tell people the virtues of this movie. It is a classic love story, told in a wonderful way.I know I will be seeing it again.

This film is bound to be a classic like Cinema Paradiso, Rocky or any number of films that celebrate the underdog. Sure it's manipulative, but tell me which great film isn't. The audience is rooting for Jamal, the young protagonist, from the first frame to the final fade out. Simon Beaufoy's marvelously inventive screenplay, plus Danny Boyle's exceptional direction should make this a hit, in spite of the fact that there are no known actors (at least known in N. America) and chunks of the dialogue are in Hindi. It is a crowd pleaser in the best sense of the term.Note to Fox Searchlight: If you market this properly, you could have another Little Miss Sunshine or Juno on your hands. Frankly, this is a superior film to either of those.

If "Slumdog Millionaire" were generally disliked, I would never bother to write a review about such a ridiculous movie. But as it was praised by critics, won many awards, including the Academy Awards Best Picture, and was incredibly successful at the box office, I find myself stunned. Sure, I could dismiss the whole thing as being a matter of taste, about which there can be no dispute, but that still leaves me wondering, "Why is my taste so different from everyone else?"Let us sort out a few of the elements. First, I do not know what India is really like in general, but that which is presented to us in this movie is horrible. The great pessimist Schopenhauer, reflecting on the pain and suffering of existence, declared that the world ought not to exist, that the moon is a better place than the Earth, because there is no life on the moon. Overall, my life has been pretty good, living in middle-class America and being in good health, but if there were such a thing as reincarnation, and if I were given a chance to come back in a new life, I think I would pass, preferring oblivion instead. In the movies, people always come back in good health as white, middle-class Americans, but I would be afraid that I would end up in some country like Syria, suffering the ravages of war, or some famine-stricken or plague-ridden country in Africa, or end up as an untouchable in Calcutta, scrounging around for my breakfast in a garbage dump. In other words, if the India in this movie were typical of existence on this planet in general, then I would never want to be reborn. This is especially so when one considers that most of the suffering in this movie is not the result of war, famine, or plague, but of cruelty. Instead, I would have to agree with Schopenhauer that it would have been better had we never been born in the first place. Nevertheless, the tone of this movie is, beyond all reason, life-affirming.Second, the movie centers around a quiz show, the equivalent of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" I have never cared for quiz shows. I have never bought a lottery ticket. And, in general, I have never dreamed of getting rich in one big, lucky stroke. I suspect that the people who love to gamble and watch game shows are probably the same people that loved this movie. In other words, Slumdog Millionaire plays into the fantasy shared by so many that no matter how bad things may be, there is always the hope, taken very seriously by such people, that one day they may hit it big. Never having indulged in such a fantasy, however, this movie was simply not believable to me, not even qua fantasy.With quiz shows like "Jeopardy!" the successful contestants are those with prodigious memories for facts, figures, names, dates, and places. But the quiz show Jamal participates in is multiple choice, which means that, as Jamal himself notes at one point, you don't have to be a genius to answer those questions. In fact, pure luck might get you by. Most of the time he is able to answer the question correctly because some horrible thing was going on in his life at the moment he happened upon the information that allows him to answer the question, such as his seeing a statue of a god just after his mother got her brains bashed in. But if he is asked a question for which there was no corresponding traumatic event in his life, he is in trouble. So, when he is asked about India's emblematic motto, whether it says that it is truth, lies, fashion, or money that triumphs, he has not the slightest idea what the answer to that question could possibly be. The policeman who is torturing him into confessing that he is cheating says that his five-year-old daughter could answer that question. Quite right, because nothing more than common sense is needed. In fact, Jamal does seem to be something of a mouth breather.But this plays right into the above-mentioned fantasy. Most of us know we could never win at "Jeapardy!" but since we could do even better than Jamal at that point, we can easily imagine winning such a game show, especially if we are lucky enough to be asked questions about trivia that happens to come to our attention when something awful happens to us like jumping into a cesspool of human dung.The final question is the name of the third musketeer in the novel by Dumas. We all know the answer to that question, especially when prompted by the multiple-choice format, so now we can really fantasize about how we might win such a contest. He does not know the answer, but that's all right, because he just guesses that it is Aramis. Why is he so lucky at this point? Because Latika was Jamal's and his brother's "third musketeer." How could he lose?On the night he wins the twenty million rupees, Latika is freed from the gangster who has been beating her and raping her for years, so now Jamal and Latika can live happily ever after on his millions. Schopenhauer once said, "Lovers are traitors to their species. For the sake of a mere passion, they perpetuate the want and misery that would otherwise so speedily come to an end." And so, as the musical finale takes place, as uplifting as the ending of "The Music Man" or "Grease," my only thought was that they are going to get married and start having babies, oblivious to nightmare world that has characterized their lives up to that point.The only way this movie makes any sense to me is if the whole thing is Jamal's hallucination while being tortured in a police station for stealing a bicycle.

After months of hearing how great and inspiring Slumdog Millionaire is and how it deserved the eight Oscars it won, I sat down and watched it. One of the first things I noticed was how it done. Mostly flashbacks with a few flash forwards, but these seemed to be mostly confusing. However, they provide an excellent preview, if you will, of what you will see later in the movie.However, after the first thirty minutes, my interest died out and I found myself watching a movie that was rather contrived and did not have a lot of substance. Sure, it shows how good can triumph through even the worst of evil and adversities but I did not find it to be as heart-warming and inspiring as everyone said. It does have some disturbing content, like the orphans having their eyes burned out or the Hindus attacking the Muslims in the slums but all in all, it seemed like it was trying too hard to be a film that shows the darkness inside man.That is not to say that it is a bad movie. It is good but I did not find it to be worthy of any Oscars, especially Best Picture.

This is a good movie. That's it. It is not a masterpiece and it definitely did not deserve the Oscar. I really cannot understand what is happening with the Academy to award this "only OK" movie with so many Oscars. Also, the end credits are so cheesy that I could not believe it... It seems people really like giving awards to movies that show extreme poverty these days as this is the most striking characteristic of this movie. I have never been to India but I don't suppose that India is ONLY poverty and violence as it is shown. And once again, the end credits were the worst part of the movie, I am still shocked that an Oscar winning movie could have such end credits...

The story behind Slumdog Millionaire is as enchanting as the film itself. Danny Boyle's and Loveleen Tandan's flick was originally going to be released straight to DVD. It has since been nominated for eleven BAFTAs and ten academy awards. If it wins Best Picture, it will become the most adored small production since The Last Emperor. There's a lot to love about this movie. You've seen the poor person who becomes wealthy plotting device before, but you probably haven't seen it like this. Slumdog Millionaire is a richly formulaic recreation of Hollywood's mid-twentieth century epics. Danny Boyle is an adventurous filmmaker. No genre or cultural difficulty escapes him. This must have been a difficult project to direct. Hindi is spoken in several scenes and numerous shots were captured in actual slums. The film, if nothing else, will provide Western audiences with an opportunity to experience a realistic portrayal of India. This idea is even used as a comedic device multiple times as the film progresses. I find it odd that the movie has received as much praise as it has. Some Indian film critics have argued that the movie is an opportunity for Westerners to see their own conventions in a new paint. The critic Gautaman Bhaskaran stated "there is nothing Indian about this film" in his review for Seoul Times. Bhaskaran has a point in his statement. Take this movie back to storyboard, insert any area of poverty and adjust the leads to create a new film on the same premise. I enjoyed Slumdog Millionaire for the same reason any other Westerner would like it. The film only stylistically invokes the viewer and only for certain audiences. After watching movies like The Wrestler, The Reader, and Milk I think Slumdog Millionaire is a pleasant diversion but a forgettable motion picture.Jamal Malik is interrogated by police officers following his astonishing success in the Indian version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire?. Everyone asks how a telephone operator with no formal education could know enough to advance to the final round. Jamal insists that he isn't well-read and was fortunate to have received the right questions. He reveals his life's story to the officers. Malik and his older brother Salim go through hell until they reach adulthood. Their mother is killed during a village raid and they meet a young girl named Latika. All three are whisked away to an orphanage where children are trained to be street performers. Salim and Jamal escape and become vagabonds, picking pockets when able. They encounter Latika again when Jamal insists they travel to Mumbai, where they meet their old orphanage leader. Salim dispatches him, uses his new street cred to join a gang, and claims Latika as his prize. He loses that prize to his boss who makes her his wife. Jamal is left alone, so he applies for Who Wants to be a Millionaire? in hopes that Latika will see him. The narrative switches to present time once the police accept Jamal's story. His success becomes a national phenomenon, and Salim sacrifices himself so Latika can finally be with Jamal.Jamal and the other central characters are played by three different people throughout the film. The child actors have the most screen time and deliver the most impressive performances. All of them cope with homelessness through dry wit. When Jamal and Salim meet Latika, the former is hesitant to allow her entry into their shelter because she is a girl. Jamal responds by suggesting that she could be the final musketeer, whose name they never learned. I found moments like that one, of which there are many, to be the best part of the film. When the young adults appear, humor ends and the tone is more serious. Dev Patel is seemingly expressionless as older Jamal. He looks worried, hustled, or whatever but his body doesn't respond, like a statue speaking for the first time. Freida Pinto does much better as older Latika, even though any other actress could have played her role. She hasn't acted in a movie before and delivers the quick, emotional punch from her earlier work as a model. I liked her performance because it filled in the gap created by Patel's rigidness. Boyle has made the same mistake he did in Sunshine. He doesn't pace the movie well. Sunshine begins as a noir science fiction film and becomes a slasher. Slumdog Millionaire changes from a loose childhood bonding movie to a romantic thriller as it ends. A Bollywood dance sequence follows to remind you of why you enjoyed the first two thirds. The discrepancy is less obvious in this movie, but it still bothered me. For purposes of plot, such alterations were necessary, unlike Sunshine. Forest Gump is a film very similar to this one and presents the same story favorably. Both movies feature characters in impossible events, but that is irrelevant. The main difference is Slumdog Millionaire is unable to create unique characters. Take Forest out of Forest Gump and the movie would be a failure.The world is experiencing a gigantic financial crisis now. What better way to separate oneself from it than watching a film about an impoverished person who legitimately earns his wealth? Add to that a love story, and the result is Slumdog Millionaire. Its resonance with filmgoers was guaranteed at any time of release but especially now. *** out of *****

I saw the movie before its appearance at the Golden Globes. It was in fact recommended to me by my financial adviser. I guess its a punchline. Anyways, Slumdog Millionaire is all what the critics are claiming as the best movie in 2008. Slumdog Millionaire is about a teenager, Jamal (Dev Patel) who wants to get the attention of his love interest by going on the Indian version of "Who wants to be a Millionaire?". Jamal grew up in the slums of Mumbia, India and received little education. Does he cheat or just know the answers? (Didn't want to spoil it)Here are my grades: ACTING: AWhere did they find these actors and actresses? This is Dev Patel and Freida Pinto's first movie and it's a breakout performance. The rest of the cast has been in Bollywood for a while.SOUNDTRACK: AAll tracks stick with the Indian culture except for MIA Paper planes. Great selection and the cast does a musical number during the end credits.OVERALL: AI can't believe that this movie was so close to going straight to DVD.

Think about it: How much cooler would Slumdog Millionaire be if James Franco was in the millionaire hot seat while high as a kite? And wouldn't the train scenes be ten times funnier with the two 30-year-old potheads? This movie pretty much is Pineapple Express in India. Just look at the similarities: big-time mob bosses, two young boys on the run, a hot chick, and there's a scene when they're smoking hookah! The movie could definitely use Seth Rogen's comic relief. Slumdog Millionaire seems to take itself a little too seriously; maybe it should smoke some weed and just chill! And it would help the film develop a broader fan base too. Look at me! Do I care about poverty in India? Of course not. But I love smoking weed!

Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire is a wonderful feelgood film about the wealth of life experience and the riches of love. At times it feels very unrealistic but we happily suspend disbelief for the pleasure and joy of this fast paced ride.What struck me most is that, though bursting with all the colour and vitality that Mumbai has to offer, the film has a very British feel to it with a cool modern soundtrack, a mischievous outlook and a winning energetic spirit. (And of course plenty cups of chah!) Everything about the film exudes cheeky fun, the music, the title sequence, the colourful offset subtitles and finally the Zatoichi style Bollywood closing number.The cinematography is stunning. It's rich dense colours and the unique vantage points of the shots give an energetic upbeat feel to the footage. Expert cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle used a mixture of 35mm and hand-held digital (shot on the P+S Technik 2K). The digital was introduced as a way to include the fast paced movement through the narrow, densely populated slum streets without getting stuck in them with bulky Indian film cameras or attracting too much unwanted attention from bystanders. About 60% of the film ended up being shot on digital and a small amount was shot on a CanonCam stills camera on continuous burst.The beauty, energy and uplifting qualities of Slumdog enable the film to deal with more sinister elements of the story in an engaging way. Far from being harrowing the films violent points are given to us with hope for overcoming life's dangers, and these punches of the dark side of India are what keeps the film from being dismissed as pure fairytale. Beautifully acted by an endearing cast it is instead a fantastic triumph of meaning and relevance in a growing city that is set to become the largest in the world within the next decade or so.

Boyle's previous films are all fast-paced and energetic, and Slumdog Millionaire is an incredibly, frantically energetic film. From its opening interrogation scene, the film grabs a hold and never lets go. The exceptionally potent screenplay by Simon Beaufoy creates profuse quantities of tension and excitement, combining three parallel story lines  the interrogation following the game show, all of the events in the protagonist's life leading up to the game show, and the game show itself  and bounding between them frequently, constructing a fragmented chronology that only steps up the tension. Combine that with the natural tension of a trivia game show such as "Who Wants to Be A Millionaire?", and we end up with an irresistible brisk, energetic film.Boyle goes all-out with his cinematography; Anthony Dod Mantle combines a wondrous, exciting amalgamation of angles, focal lengths, camera movements (mainly hand-held), wide lenses and lighting set-ups to showcase and emphasize the natural energy and liveliness of the Mumbai slums where the film takes place. In fact, all of the technical elements of the film come together to create an astonishing palette of life and atmosphere, from the naturalistic costume and set design to the delightfully eclectic musical score by A.R. Rahman featuring a modernistic combination of pop songs, electronica and traditional Indian music. Getting all of these elements to come together and complement one another is a difficult enough task; but with the on-location shoot in the slums of Mumbai and other Indian shooting locations, Boyle's task is made even more difficult. It is an incredible directorial feat to undertake, and that's before counting in the local, non-actor, child cast members who deliver their lines in Hindu, when Boyle himself is English and doesn't speak English. The language barrier is broken and Boyle coaxes out of his cast members, both local and internationally known, wonderful and subtle performances that further reinforces his directorial achievement.Many people have been hailing it as "this year's Little Miss Sunshine and Juno", the "little, feel-good indie film that could", but Slumdog Millionaire reminded me mostly of the 2002 Fernando Meirelles-directed Brazilian film, City of God. Both films are substantially darker and grittier than any American feel-good indie comedic-drama, and both create a gloomy, coarse portrait of the hardships of local life in the slums, City of God portraying the slums of Rio de Janiero, and Slumdog Millionaire focusing on the slums of Mumbai. It's a daily struggle to survive, and people live in the harshest of conditions; but while the exoticness and apparent difficulty of these lifestyles may throw the average viewer off, the incredible thing is that the people who live in these places aren't only used to them, but seem to embrace them and find the good in situations that seem to the average viewer impossible to live in. Going further, both City of God and Slumdog Millionaire feature two characters whose maturity develops in parallel, with one going down the straight path while the other gets desperately involved in a life of crime, the only outlet for many in the slums. In the former film, these are two childhood friends; in the latter, brothers.That said, there is one significant point in which the films differ: While Slumdog Millionaire frames its story and characters with a melodramatic plot of hopelessly epic romantic love that transcends the ages, City of God portrays its characters and story with a far more realistic approach. The love story on display in Slumdog Millionaire is romantic and feel-good, but it lacks that realistic, naturalistic punch that City of God carries with it, and ends up preventing the film from reaching the true greatness of its Brazilian counterpart.Many have been hailing Slumdog Millionaire as the "feel-good film of the year". But in fact, it is far from it: While its final message may be heartwarming and uplifting, most of the film shows us a dark, gritty portrayal of people in our modern world living in the most difficult of circumstances. The exotic depiction of the "real India" as it is referred to in the film is unique and beautiful; frightening and magical; energetic and lively while at the same time shocking and mesmerizing. Boyle gives this depiction an unprecedentedly skillful portrayal, featuring energetic cinematography and featuring wonderful performances from a very diverse cast, many of whom are local non-actors delivering lines in Hindu. And screenwriter Simon Beaufoy has framed this depiction with a wonderful story of a young slumdog winning the grand prize while playing on the "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" television game show program, his knowledge of the answers to the questions deriving from his various, colourful experiences as a young man growing up in the harshest circumstances Mumbai has to offer.

Danny Boyle has proved himself again and again as one of the most powerful men behind a camera. If Danny comes in contact with a fantastic script, the end result is nothing less than a masterpiece. Slumdog Millionaire is just that, a beautiful blend of visual style and fantastic story.The story is a wonderful puzzle. We follow the troubled life of protagonist Jamal, who is trying to prove that it was fate that he would do so well on a Hindi version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire", and not that he cheated.The film is told in a series of flashbacks and stories from Jamal's life. The questions on the game show relate to event that he has experienced, which executes the theme fate that is present throughout. "It is written". The events are often very tragic, sometimes comical, but always interesting. There is a great deal of tension in this film that keeps you glued to the screen.Often times, telling a story through flashbacks can be disorienting and even take a viewer out of the action. But with Slumdog Millionaire I found myself in a trance; captivated by the events and life of Jamal. I cannot stress enough how beautifully written the script was.Perhaps the most impressive aspect, however, is the beautiful style executed by Boyle and the camera crew. The cinematographer didn't hold back at all, and some of the shots in the film will take your breath away. Important and impressive compositions were frequent in Slumdog (not unlike a Spike Lee film, or something shot by Gregg Toland of Citizen Kane) and really marvelously mixed the modern edgy look with classic camera work.I give this film an 8.5 out of 10. I want to give it a 10, but that might because I'm still sort of 'high' from just recently experiencing it.Go see this movie.

Not one single moment the movie could grasp my attention. The only thing that was keeping me busy true this ordeal were the ears of Jamal, and the fact that a guy as ugly as him could never ever find a girl in real life unless he pays for them. Now, back to the ears, they are bloody annoying, aren't they, maybe even more than this crappy movie. The only reason i gave this movie a three out of ten is because of the Indian scenery, because the movie was so poor i could spend my time sightseeing. There were a lot of kerala style houses which are true masterpieces, to bad we don't see them in Western-Europe. Bye bye Jamal Malik, you made me sick.

I have every movie danny boyle has ever done, and when he put out this piece of junk i could not believe it. the wrestler was the best picture of the year and i think in some sort of sick and twisted way we were all trying to help India out by throwing money and awards on this waste of time. i fell asleep twice in this movie and i have never fallen asleep in the theatre. i know danny you have deserved Oscars for others especially sunshine that was a gem that got no love and for that i blame our society. when everyone looks at this and says wow and never even heard of sunshine i just want to cry. that movie was truly impressive. this is a borefest and had no business being considered for an Oscar, especially when the changeling, wrestler had what it took and i mean dang do we just not want to give clint eastwood any more awards. gran torino was excellent and it was not even mentioned. something is happening in American cinema and i don't like it thats why i stick to the foreign movies, at least they push boundaries and do something different this was just another bore, and has no business being even considered for all that it had been. sorry danny hope you hit your roots, and do something worth it in the future.

Malik (Patel) goes on a TV game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire in the hope that his long lost love Latika (Pinto) sees him and still cares. The setting is India.If the powers that be wanted a FEEL GOOD movie to win Best Picture they got their wish. It was okay. I wouldn't have nominated it for Best Picture (it won for that), and I certainly wouldn't have nominated the Director for the Best Director Award (it won for that too). (Don't hold back Bob, tell us how you really feel)The beginning of this movie was confusing. I had no idea what was going on, the scenes shifted so fast and the sub-titles came and went with the wind. The sub-titles were too small, often yellow on a gold background and they didn't stay on the screen too long even if they weren't yellow on gold. I never did take that speed reading course. Oh, and get this: the sub-titles were not always in the same place, like on the bottom of the picture where sub-titles usually are. No, you had to look for them depending on who was speaking. Creative, but annoying. Also, the Nervous Camera was much in evidence quite a bit in the beginning. And, a lot of the scenes were dark like it was always night time. I almost shut it down.But, I figured out the key and just let everything go and then half of the movie came around and things began to make sense and, thank God, things slowed down so we could all understand what was going on. Sort of. And, the sub-titles went way, good riddance. And, you will (like me) figure out all the answers to the questions put to Malik on the show. Very clever, I must say. Really clever. Reminded me of The Usual Suspects (great movie, btw).But, here is the KEY for those of you who really try to follow everything in the beginning: THIS IS A LOVE STORY. As long as you know that and you remember the names Malik and Latika, that is all you really need to know. Don't bother to memorize anything else. You'll hurt yourself like I did. The music from time to time was very good (won for Best Original Score and for Best Original Song).Why everyone went ga ga over this is beyond me. It's okay. The acting all around is excellent, but ga ga? No way. I guess the other nominated movies weren't of the Feel Good ilk. And, we want to feel good, don't we? Huh?Violence: Yes. Sex: No. Nudity: No. Language: I really didn't hear anything, but they talked so fast

I hated 'The English Patient', hated 'Benjamin Button', and I advise the director to take his Oscar and do what Jamal did when he was locked in that toilet as a kid... then ask your mommy to wash it all off.This is a disturbing film, definitely not for kids. The torture scene... well, why would someone playing WWTBAM be tortured by electric shock? He throws up blood, is beaten, etc. And then, all seems well, as he is served coffee and has no scars. huh? Did I say HUH?Yes, the real India is shown. It is indeed mostly slums. But you know vat boyz & girlz?! So is most of Mexico, Brazil, Africa, China, Romania, Albania, etc. Watch a PBS documentary on the world's slums instead. Overpopulation is to blame, specifically in South America, Africa, Asia, especially in China and India.Now how is it that ugly dark kids turn out to be tall handsome bleached personages? Oh ye, and they do speak English quiet well, don't they?Where did Salim get the gun to shoot Maman? Why did he shoot the gangster in the end and throw all that $$$ in the tub, and where did the $$$ come from?How in the wide world of alien cattle mutilations did Jamal end up on the show in the first place? What imbecile doesn't know the 3rd Musketeer was Aramis?What's with the dancing in the end? Is it supposed to signify something? Oh yes, Jamal and Latika walk off into the sunset to live out their lives in bliss and happiness. Got it.

I went into this film with high expectations based on friends' ratings, but came out feeling slightly knocked about and empty, as if I too had suffered at the hands of the Mumbai constabulary. I'd like to emphasise though that my problem with the film was not its fable-like narrative - the sketchy, inconsistent and unexplained nature of events and the refusal to explain was rather a strength for me. Rather, it was the overall style and the compulsion to take the symmetries of plot and circumstance (which are a standard part of almost any narrative) and supercharge these to the extent that they become big signs screaming LOOK AT ME! I'M AN ECHO OF A PREVIOUS/PARALLEL SCENE!!! Due to this overworked mechanism, the film lost me at its "climax", the point at which one brother wins 20 million rupees and the other brother is simultaneously gunned to death in a bathtub full of banknotes. Up to that point I had been quite happy to coast along on the Lonely Planet aesthetic of penury and picaresque, but after that it was a lost cause. It didn't even matter that the music was by a Singalese girl from West London (M.I.A.), or that Danny Boyle's aggressive jump-cut style turned every conflagration into a wheeze and a romp. But the bathful of money was the point where I pulled out the plug and started to wonder: does this film say anything useful about India? Or even about "Who wants to be a Millionaire"? Has it got anything to say at all other than slums are bad, crooks are bad, and "true love conquers all?"A good film should reflect its age and say something about its main subject at least. But this one simply throws its boundless energy at a topic that begs for some sinuousness, intelligence and subtlety. For god's sake, it doesn't have to be La Dolce Vita, but a palette that includes something other than VERY BRIGHT and VERY DARK would have been welcome. Overall not a bad film, but not a particularly good one either.

I admit: I was skeptical almost until the end of the movie. But all of my doubts about it were spread away with every single line and scene at a time. The ingenious symmetry between the beginning and the end of the movie got me smiling. It is definitely not just another Indian movie, describing a story more realistic and full of meanings then any Bollywood footage could ever be. The frame story procedure keeps your imagination awake during the entire movie, even though they use classical motifs, such as the duality good brother/ bad brother, the extreme good luck of the main character or the changing of his condition from "mendicant" to "prince". All the elements of this English-Indian co-production reveals us what proved to be the big winner of both Oscar and Goden Globes, after all :).

I am not going to say this movie is bad.Its good. its came up with the Indian slums originality.but i don't think so,this is pretty good to get the 8 Oscar awards. Indians everybody know the Music Director AR Rahman Talent. as a Indian(especially as a chennai guy) i have been waiting from long back for this record to the rahman. i am very happy he got than now. but unfortunately this is not the best one from him. himself told that he worked for this movie only 3 weeks. they are so many films to portray his talent. In Action - Ayutha Eluthu Romantic - Alaipayuthey realistic - All Maniratnam directed movies. even there are so many Tamil language films are there to depicts the realistic. if you want to see the reality check the kamal's Nayagan.even you can see every movie of kamal hassan. if you want see the latest film check our great director bala's NAN KADAVUL. you can see the big difference for the same kind of story. and also check bala's assistant amir's PARUTHI VEERAN. I think,This film is directed by American. that is the only reason its got 8 Oscars. This is absolutely partiality from the Oscars judges. They have to agree the talent without concerning about from where its comes. They cant debate the rahman originality, thats the reason they gave to him. anyway way INDIANS TALENT came to the stage. so i am happy.

One interesting point to note is that while Slumdog Millionaire has been nominated for as many as 10 Oscars, movies like 'BLACK' and 'TAARE ZAMEEN PAR', a sensitive 'Bollywood' film dealing with a middle-class, dyslexic child's struggle to cope with this competition, and widely toasted as the best mainstream offering from the Hindi film Industry in a long while, didn't receive a single nomination even in the Foreign Language Category at the Academy Awards. Is it just me here, or is there a certain prejudice towards only one particular 'reality' of India, and ignorance towards other equally harsh realities, or is it because the director is a white westerner?Let me clarify here that while it may seem so, I've nothing against the film  I found it to be entertaining and quite worth a watch. Neither do I have anything against the subject or the depiction of life in Mumbai  in fact, I would have found it more memorable had it given some more screen time to the dark undercurrents of the Mumbai underbelly, which were easily the most believable and fascinating parts of the film, greatly assisted by a rousing score from A. R. Rehman. My only grouse is with the perception that the Indians have some kind of a sinister agenda to not allow this film to succeed, because we don't  as the film highlights rather well at the end of the day, it's just a way of life out here, so why the hype?After seeing Boyle's much talked-about film, it's crystal clear why this murky and squalid portrait of Mumbai has the Americans preening in delight. At one point after being thrashed mercilessly for impersonating as a guide, our hero Jamal tells a couple of American tourists, "You wanted to see real India? Here it is", in reply to which the American lady promptly replies, "Now we'll show you the real America," and hands Jamal a $100 bill. This, without any apparent sense of irony.

Why is this movie gonna win the Oscar in the category "best movie"?A: the screenplay is genius. B: the actors are astoundingly good. C: the directing is amazing. D: it is written.There aren't many moments in a movie consumer's life when you know that the movie you're watching is gonna be a classic. And I'm not talking about "Back to the future"- kind of classic, but rather that people will say: "Once in your life you have to see Casablanca, The Godfather, Forrest Gump and Slumdog Millionaire." I'm sure, the light of this movie will shine for decades. The plot may sound a little funny: a teenager from the slums of Bombay wins at a quiz show, not because he's educated but because of destiny. To each question there's a point in his life that leads up to the right answer. You could ask: what are the odds of that? But you just have to accept that the story is all about fate. The life of the slum dogs is harder than what any child in the world should be forced to experience. It is heartbreaking how the main character who loses his mother as a child in a street fight motivated by religion, who's constantly exploited by the men, who never knows what he's gonna eat tomorrow, whose brother becomes a criminal and rapes the girl he loves, doesn't lose his confidence in the world nor his power to love. The essence: you learn a lot more about life that way then by going to college. It also shows the development of India from a typical third world country to a global player with a corrupt system overflowed by organized crime. The story telling really is classic. There are tons of unforgettable pictures and little side stories. It definitely is Danny Boyle's best movie, and it is gonna win "best picture".D: It is written.

I found this film such a treat to watch. I went with my friend, and honestly wasn't sure what to expect. I normally totally disagree with reviewers, and almost every review i had seen heaped praise upon Slumdog Millionaire. By the end of the film, however, all i was say was '.. wow!' Slumdog Millionaire takes you through a myriad of emotions. I went from happy, to sad, to angry, and over those again throughout the film. All the actors in the film were brilliant, but in particular Dev Patel and Freida Pinto stole it for me. I found their chemistry very believable and moving. At the very end of the film, several people in the showing i was at cheered.The only slight problem i had with it was what happened when the credits rolled. Had they left the story the way it was, i would have left with a happy smile on my face. But, for some reason, they chose to add a Bollywood-style dance routine right at the end, that made me a bit baffled.That didn't stop me and my friend discussing every nuance of the film all the way home. The BAFTA's and Golden Globes have been well deserved, and if it doesn't receive Best Film at the Oscars, it's been cheated!

Danny Boyle has done a good job by making this film because it remembers the people of Mumbai that there are a lot of slums in Mumbai. Slums are the other face of Mumbai. Anyways, i wanted to talk about the film.I personally would not like the film to get an Oscar award because its not worth of getting this much big award, though nice but not good enough.There are many Flaws in the movie but I will share you the two most famous flaws of mine. Like the very first scene in the movie where the game show called "Who wants to be a Millionaire" starts, Jamal remembers the way he was treated in the Jail; Slaps of the cop, etc, and Jamal gets frightened. But let me tell you he(Jamal) gets bitten up by the cop when he is one question away from becoming a millionaire. So at the very beginning how can they show that he(Jamal) was frightened?? Another flaw was that the game show in the movie hosted by Amitabh Bachchan(Anil Kapoor) as shown, is given the same music and same style of the show, but they forgot that the real game show was never broad-casted live at any question, but in the movie at the last question they are broadcasting it live, as they have shown in the movie that everyone is watching the show at the last question.Just think whether this movie is worth getting an Oscar??

For the past few weeks there has been a lot of talking about this movie and finally I got a chance to see this movie.With a great and a lot of expectations I went to watch this movie!!!!!Didn't impress me a lot.It has got a lot of negative traits about India and mumbai.Each and every scene disgraces India and mumbai.I accept the movie speaks about the reality but the million dollar question is????whether It stands up for Oscars.On my opinion,There are lot of other films better than this one (From the point of film making) and this should not qualify for Oscars.... firstly,The screen play was good Secondly,Rahman' music.Apart from which a story is created But Here i didn't like the way they have projected India there are lot of other good things about India.If we are to make a film about America's corruptions and conspiracies how will it look like.Already lot of our national films are being made about problems faced in our countries depicted or projected in their individual manner.But nothing has changed or nothing will change.In One particular scene... Two foreigners come to visit India rural area..where dev Patel guides them and in the mean time local people steal all the parts of their cars..and here dev patel tells them that this is India!!!!!!and in turn foreigners give money and tells that this is America.this particular scene has projected India as a beggar.But I would like to congratulate the director as he has taken a lot of pain in researching about India's current scenario and bringing out a story in a form of a film.Great job done,Hats of the director and to the whole crew members.. All the actors have done a great job.Finally I conclude to say that this is a movie to be watched by every India who is looking forward for building a developed nation from the current situation.Jai Hind

Honestly, I don't understand what the fuss is about. This story about a boy from a slum who competes in the Indian version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" is a basic rags to riches story with nothing creative or novel about it. The acting is average, and the story-telling is nothing you would not find in several Bollywood melodramas. (Thankfully, however, what it does not have is the story line interrupted by the random fantasy sequences in a Bollywood film. Otherwise it is a story that has been told by countless Bollywood directors.) It is striking some chord in Western audiences that I don't get. Perhaps it is the realistic portrayal of the slums and Mumbai's underbelly, perhaps it is the feel good emotion that provided much-needed emotional uplift in hard times. At the core it is just a formulaic potboiler.

There are so many comments about the movie so in this review i will not concentrate on the story line. Let's focus about some outcomes of the movie. How would I rate the movie, I will give it a 10 out of 10.For a movie watcher who has not seen how India is, this movie will give a bad impression about Indian living standards. In general, if you are watching a movie you would like something unusual, totally bizarre from day to day life. That's how movies based on Aliens, Wars, Animals of lost age, mutations become popular. May it be Steven Spielberg or Danny Boyle, they know this. Slumdog millionaire shows the worst part of Indian slums. Though this may create a misleading impression about India, One should know that this movie is an extreme scenario .people who have visited India know how full of life India is. India is a melting pot of different cultures and offers rich tradition.Some reviewers have rated the movie down as they think the India portrayal is unjustified. I came across many angry comments from some NRI's in many forums. Some comments also say that India is been viewed as a place where there are just few bunch of call centers and slums. Well if people are so much concerned may be its time they share some profits and try improve things in these slums. Just 5 richest Indian businessmen contribute to a net worth of $200 billion dollar. If some of these Indian businessmen, politicians, Bollywood crew were kind enough things would have been better. Coming to the call centres issue India has many other industries including manufacturing, IT, R&D among others. Having said that I have a concern. In this movie most of the Indian characters are shown as selfish, corrupt and sadistic. Not just that in a scene an American tourist guy say "this the real America Son",and hands over a 100$ note, was this needed? I don't think Danny is capable enough to judge a country, the movie is customized for western audience.Frieda Pinto(Latika) and Dev Patel(Jamal) have done well but the credit should go to all child actors who did justice to their roles and captivated the audience. Recently the BAFTA announced best supporting actress for Freida, I am not the one to decide whose the best but those kids deserve more than her(no Crab syndrome here). Thanks to Director Danny Boyle who placed the money to be paid to the 3 lead child actors in a trust that is to be released to them upon their completion of grade school at 16 years of age. The production company has set up for an auto-rickshaw driver to take the kids to school everyday until they are 16 years old. Since this movie is a great success I hope the movie crew will do more for these kids and their slums. Coming to the background score as many have pointed out the movie is outstanding due to its music. AR Rehman as usual has given his best. For those who don't know much about ARR, he is a legend. From past 16 years he has contributed so much to music that he deserves a Academy Honorary Award. Just listen to his scores from Roja,Dil se, Bombay, Lagaan, Yuva ..... the list goes on and on. I hope he gets an Oscar. 16 years ago Rahman got an entry to Tamil/Hindi industry through Roja. His work in Slumdog millionaire will get him more projects and I am sure awards will just flow.Very soon he will top the list of all time best selling music artists.

Slumdog millionaire is a movie, I find over-hyped for everything. Number of movies on the similar line had already hit the floor and not noticed before they perished from memories. The movie is an endeavor to draw the life of a boy, born at Mumbai slum, rolled by his fortune to face all the worst happenings, that can come to a kid's life, controlled by some gangsters, also having a jealous brother, his profound love for a girl, that actually drive the life for boy.Boy Jamaal has portrayed as an extra intelligent human, who learns thing while running, is more knowledgeable than MBA's. The story speeds up in the background of a TV show " Who wants to be a millionaire". The way Jamaal's answers being mapped to incidents in his life was sometime indigestible. Pluses are those parts of movie having childhood of kids and story of the 2nd Saleem. Some portions of movie seemed very unpractical. Show host behavior was also unanswered in the movie. Overall this was an good effort to sketch the life of slum guy, driven by his luck and finally landed into the money. Missing practicality of some scenes, pulled movie to ordinary row sometimes.

This is the best movie of the year. And, there were a number of movies that I really loved this year. Slumdog was a clear and unambiguous cut above everything else in what I consider to be a good year for movies. How do I determine that it was a good year? I saw more movies that I loved or really liked than in a long time.At first I was put off by the pacing that I thought was a bit slow with the movie shifting from present to past. But patience paid off as I gradually got in sync with the pacing and structure of the film. And, it was a big payoff that provided me with an intimate view of an orphaned child's harrowing journey to meet his destiny. The nine actors that played the three key characters during childhood, preadolescence and young adulthood were excellent and believable. The were perfectly cast and played their parts wonderfully.Interestingly, when I saw the trailer weeks before, I thought that Slumdog was an Indian comedy about a poor kid who wins the game show I Want to Be a Millionaire. I immediately had an association to My Big Fat Greek Wedding. And, although I loved that movie, Slumdog is a sprawling epic compared to the hilarious sit-com-Greek-Wedding. Slumdog is much more than I expected. A young man, played flawlessly by Dev Patel, is trying his hand at the Indian version of the game show I Want to be a Millionaire. His motives are fuzzy at first. He is not a typical contestant. We learn that it was his destiny that brought him to compete.We discover how he came to know the answers to the questions (did he cheat?, is he a genius? or, did fate have a hand in his knowledge?). We learn about how close bonds and loyalty among three childhood friends are stretched to painful extremes over time despite dramatically different means that each must use to adapt to the cruel circumstances that they must overcome to survive. Slumdog is a hopeful movie, that underscores the value of resilience, and highlights the many faces and means of loyalty, against the overwhelming odds of poverty and evil; this movie deserves to be honored for its achievement.

The Toronto Film Festival every year receives some of the best pictures and Slumdog Millionaire was no exception. Slumdog Millionaire was produced on a $15 million budget which speaks a lot for the quality of the film compared to others with bigger costs. What made this film so good was how the story connected. Every question has something to do with his life and the ending which I won't spoil was just perfect. Some would call this movie a chick flick but regardless of whatever genre you consider this it's easily the best movie from 2008. Quite possibly one of the greatest movies ever and if this movie doesn't win best picture at the Oscars then I have lost all faith and that's coming from a big dark knight fan.

Slumdog Millionair is a definite lock for Best Picture and is the best film I saw all year, or even the last five. Brilliant directing and storytelling brings such a simple story to life. I thought that The Dark Knight would not be topped this year, I was wrong. I was very unimpressed with The Curious Case of BB compared to Slumdog.On another note, Slumdog uses a no-name cast which shows how good of directing Danny Boyle does. He does not need a strong character actor in order to get the message across. The film keeps you interested from beginning to end and takes no short cuts or overdrawn pointless scenes. By the end of the film, you will shed tears of joy and reflect on one of film's greatest marvels.

Watching Hindi come English movies always came with a mixed feeling tag. But this movie has successfully tore itself from that tag and attached a magnificent tag to it. The direction done by non other than Danny Boyle of 28 days later, is fantastic so is the screenplay. The story is absolutely original not to mention gripping. One of the best original soundtracks ever created by A.R Rahman also adds an awesome feel to this title. Finally the acting is never overdone neither underdone it hits the mark where it should, to describe in one word "excellent".Dev Patel could easily be the next big thing out of Britain.I would happily state any negative points I could think of, fortunately I cant. Go watch it you will not be disappointed!! :)

In his most mainstream movie to date, director Danny Boyle successfully transfers Trainspotting's renowned raw realism of economic deprivation to bustling, modern day India. Colourful and ingenious, Slumdog Millionaire adds that pure warmth of the child's smile to the kick of a curry made from a moneylender's intestines, well-laced with raw spirit distilled from fermented slum-dwellers. Rich and poor come together in an orgy of excess, bolstered with a love-song whose words you barely decipher but whose tune stays in your heart. Boyle has been reborn in Mumbai.India is a country of inimitable charm. Yet asked to describe what is good, I am usually stuck for words. It's dirty. Corrupt. Unreliable. Disingenuous. It leeches off you like a starving African stealing food at a Band-Aid concert. Oh, and it stinks. Quite literally.Yet, if you lean your weight against the old buildings near the Taj Mahal, something magical can happen. Somehow it is easy to feel your spirit leave the body. It will flow back through thousands of years of rich and vibrant history. Gandharvas and mythical kings. Back in reality, look up at the monkeys as they scamper across parapets, the sun dazzling you, and Hanuman and Lord Krishna echo from past aeons. Or walk through the mess that is modern Mumbai. Suddenly there's the architectural wonder of the railway station. An incongruently colonial splendour bizarrely appearing in the teeming twenty-first century.Slumdog Millionaire uses the Taj Mahal and Mumbai Station as iconic reference points, rising from the dirt and chaos. Like the boy dressed as Rama, who pops up early in the film. Timeless and almost mythological. But conflict simmers broodingly beneath such visual wonder. Muslim versus Hindu. Strong versus weak. And Slumdog versus Millionaire. Something says the twain ne'er shall meet, so when a kid from the slums succeeds on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, everyone is suspicious.On the other hand, unpredictability is the norm in India. The sense of this is so strong it could almost be described as 'spiritual.' Disconcertingly, it is easy to believe that India is a land where miracles could still occur. Even a child of the slums becoming fabulously rich.The freshness with which Boyle paints the country, the punchy editing and charismatic performances, all conspire against our recognising this is a standard against-all-odds story, a standard rags-to-riches, and a standard do-anything-to-get-the-girl. It is standard pulp. But done so well we barely notice. He has put together a film of surprising maturity, and perhaps his first to win general audiences in a big way. It's a film that uses lessons from Boyle's earlier movies  the gross-out shock value of Trainspotting, the lovable rogues of Shallow Grave, the exoticism of The Beach and the bold visual experimentation of 28 Days Later and Sunshine. It repackages them in feelgood form for all but the most delicate of tastes.True, the sight of a young boy diving through an ocean of sewage (with filmstar photo held aloft) recalls the stronger images from Trainspotting. But here it is done for humour and too brief to be offensive. Everything about the film is refreshingly clever and a delight to watch. If occasionally there are subtitles, they are inventively inserted at interesting places on the screen with their own background colours.The plot starts just before the question that lays the golden egg and cuts engagingly back through the boy's life using flashbacks. Why is he being tortured? How did he get on the show? Why doesn't he care about the money? In the background is his love, Latika, whom he has known since childhood. Both orphaned, she saw him by chance (standing abandoned in the rain) and he lets her share a corrugated iron shelter. It's a touching scene without too much sugar. And chance is the theme of the film. How does a Slumdog like Jemal guess the answers to general knowledge questions that could baffle the educated? That's what everybody wants to know.Few Western directors have managed to embrace India so convincingly. Colours become sanitised, dirt becomes exotic. Boyle leaves us in no doubt as to the degradation, but makes it palatable through daring cinematography. This is no work of realism such as that of Satyajit Ray. Apart from a joyful closing credits scene, neither is it Bollywood. And although I thoroughly enjoyed it, I can't help feeling that some critics have gone overboard in estimating it to be more than the sum of its parts. As if Mamma Mia! could become art-house if it only had had one more ancient artefact. The film has nothing very deep to say. It is entertainment, pure and simple. Boyle's hodgepodge talents have been brought together for once in a recipe that any professional chef should be very proud of. It might even be his best film since Trainspotting, but it is heralds no new frontiers. A rounded display of talent that holds its own against the best in the Hollywood tradition. I would hate to think that the future of British film-making is in India, but I'm pleased Danny Boyle has firmly found his wings again. And I was also very pleased to see one of the stars of the outstanding TV series, Skins, conquer the lead role.Slumdog Millionaire is a bag of very colourful tricks. The end result is great entertainment. It would be more remarkable if, in a later film, we were to see these stirring skills used for real comment on the human condition (for instance) and take us off the popcorn ride. When will the real Danny Boyle stand up? Near the Taj Mahal, I once looked down and saw boys pretending to levitate a corpse. They wanted tourists to throw money down to them (with a cut, no doubt, for the boy beneath the stretcher). It was all good fun. But made me wonder when the real fakir would appear.

The movie Slumdog Millionaire is a name that doesn't quite tell you what the movie is about. Of Course it's about a slum-born Indian Oliver Twist who appears on an Indian version of "Who wants to be a millionaire?". But the move is so much more.The movie is extremely moving in it's plot narration. It's constantly on the move, striking a chord with every different frame, yet it doesn't dwell unnecessarily. From young Jamal's dive into filth for an autograph of Amitabh Bachan to the Anti-Muslim attack in the slum to the "Orphanage". Each plot element is elucidated just right. Not too shallow, not too boringly in-detail.Then there is the actual plot itself, much has been written about the moving love story between Jamal & Latika, of the coming of age of Jamal and how he trumps all odds. But what has not been brought out (from what I've read until now!) is complicated relationship between Jamal and his elder brother Salim. The latter, a character who is riddled with opposites. He doesn't let Jamal invite Latika in the post-riot scene, yet we never see an objection later. He rescues his brother from the orphanage/Mamon, but leaves behind Latika despite his brother's protests. He returns with Jamal back to his home-town, but abandons him after Latika's rescue. The movie in itself is moving in a umpteen scenes. Comically, as in the Taj Mahal scenario where Jamal is mistaken for a guide and he makes up a whole load of believable tosh about the Taj. Movingly, the one where Jamal recalls his encounter with a 100$ bill. Worryingly, with the way Jamal wades through human-excreta to get an autograph and how his brother sells it for some money. The movie is brilliant in its narration and moving in it's motive.Boyle has clearly given us one of the best, if not THE best movie of 2008.

First, I want to say that I have waited two days to post this review. The reason I waited? I wanted to make sure that my feelings about this movie right after I saw it were genuine, and that I wasn't just caught up in the hype that surrounds this film. Slumdog Millionaire is a masterpiece, and quite simply one of the best movies I have seen in the last fifteen years. It is the ultimate story of hope and redemption, and it ends on a note so satisfying, that the only other movie I can even think of comparing it to (as far as satisfying endings are concerned) is The Shawshank Redemption. I don't know if Slumdog is as good as Shawshank, but I do know that it is pretty darn close. What's even more amazing is that I don't think I have ever heard of any of these actors, and yet all of them give powerful, compelling performances. Indeed, the only person's name I did recognize in the credits is Danny Boyle's. And what a movie Boyle has orchestrated here. It is my opinion that one could not ask for anything more from a movie than what is present in Slumdog. We have action, we have suspense, and we have loads of drama. There's tragedy, and there's triumph. It has a wonderfully written screenplay, and is edited in such a way that the pace of the film never slows down. I was so engrossed in this film, and the journey that is taken by the characters, that I honestly could not believe that I had sat in a theater for just over two hours. I know there will be naysayers here. But they will be few and far between. There will be cynics that complain about the unrealistic nature of the "coincidences," and there will be those who are unconvinced by the happy ending. But they will be a small minority. And they are entitled to their opinion. However, it is my opinion that if you love movies, and if you are looking for a powerful story about ordinary people surrounded by extraordinary circumstances, then you need to see this movie. Trust me. It is the type of cinematic experience that only comes around once in a great while.

I have been to India three times and from my experience, Mumbai is still the craziest place on Earth. The British understand India more so than any other outsider like me. This work of Danny Boyle just reaffirms that fact. I was manipulated by the reviews to catch a free preview in Buffalo(NY) and I was shocked by the huge crowd that showed up. The movie began with a very powerful note- a torture scene. I could tell people sitting next to me were not so fond of it. Then, the ride began. I saw the India that I was very aware of but never had a chance to see deeply. Danny Boyle is a unique storyteller. You never completely realise what you have signed up for and that's just brilliant. The movie gives you a microscope image of poverty in India, besides the glitz of Bollywood and the power of India's growing economy. It shows you a different world within India. The movie is not really about any of that, interestingly. 'Who wants to be a millionaire', a mere metaphor as I have seen it before half way through the movie turned out to be the pillar that kept our fears, expectations, confusion, adrenaline, hate, excitement, senses together until alphabets began to roll. The movie ended and there was an applaud for about a minute. People loved it because it was real. People loved it because they saw something far beyond their expectations of a world they didn't know existed. They participated in the quiz and they were right almost every time. Yes, that's important. This movie will be big. You'll see.My only regret is that I can never watch it again for the first time.

I am a 48 year old American male and I love everything from Gone With the Wind to the Terminator. I like 95% of all the westerns and about the same with documentaries and most genres, BUT SLUM DOG IS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN , PERIOD . Everybody I watched it with said the same thing, it was junk. I have enjoyed watching paint dry better, this movie is junk. Everybody we saw it with was wondering if we even saw the right movie that won all the academy awards. This movie is not worth watching on cable if all the other channels where not available. I am just shocked to say the least. I am a 48 year old American male and I love everything from Gone With the Wind to the Terminator. I like 95% of all the westerns and about the same with documentaries and most genres, BUT SLUM DOG IS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN , PERIOD . Everybody I watched it with said the same thing, it was junk. I have enjoyed watching paint dry better, this movie is junk. Everybody we saw it with was wondering if we even saw the right movie that won all the academy awards. This movie is not worth watching on cable if all the other channels where not available. I am just shocked to say the least.

I have to be true! After Trainspotting, I thought that Danny Boyle would never surprise me again. I heard the title... Slumdog Millionaire... Never thought I would felt this way after such disappointments like the awful THE BEACH. But it happened! With the most beautiful and powerful story of the last years! You just can't take your eyes off the screen! You need to know Jamal's story because you are shocked, impressed and delighted with everything that he went and is going trough!!! And the way Boyle directed the movie! The magnificent camera and the beautiful photography!I truly believe he really reinvented himself and movie History! Please everybody! Go watch this movie! Fantastic! I don't believe that you could watch a more superb film in the last years!

This movie is beautifully made with an amazing look at the slums of India and I'll be going out tomorrow to see if I can't find the soundtrack somewhere. That said i found the script had the feeling that it was written by a love sick teenager with some absolutely cheesy lines and a cast of characters that feels so clichéd it's just annoying. Every Indian is either rich/powerful and a complete asshole or poor and trying to screw everyone over, including the host of Who Wants to Be A Millionaire who is played with the evil malice of a man looking to crush Jamal beneath his heel. That is except, of course for our two lovers, who it seems are the only honest, kind and decent people people left around.I can understand that the movie is trying to show the dark side of growing up poor but adding a couple of different styles of characters would make the whole thing more realistic I would think. I am quite disappointed as I had only recently heard of the movie (I live in China so I don't get to see many trailers) and everything I heard had been good. I would have enjoyed the movie more if they had just left out the talking as as I said, visually it's stunning and the music was absolute wonderful.

Winner of the Audience Award at the Toronto Film Festival, Danny Boyle and Loveleen Tandan's radical Slumdog Millionaire is the feel-good story of an orphaned, street-wise young man trying to make it big on India's version of the TV show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" while hoping that the girl he has loved since childhood is watching. Based on the novel Q&A by Vikas Swarup and supported by the stunning cinematography of Anthony Dod Mantle and the music of A.R. Rahman, Slumdog reflects the chaos of Mumbai (formerly Bombay) India where it was filmed. Submerging the viewer in a cacophony of color and sound, the camera swoops and swirls in an often dizzying pace, taking us from the desolation of back alleys and garbage dumps to modern high rises and the fantastic beauty of the Taj Mahal.Boyle uses nine different non-professional actors in three different time frames, each faithfully representing their character as they grow and develop. In the opening scene, the hero Jamal Malik, brilliantly performed by Dev Patel, is being questioned by Police Inspector (Irrfan Khan) who simply cannot understand how a "slumdog" like Jamal, without any education, can answer question after question on the game show without lying or cheating. In a city of 13 million people where the police know they can get away with almost anything, the methods of torture used to extract a confession are graphically displayed. With Jamal, however, they only succeed in uncovering the deeper truths of his character as the film flashes back to specific incidents in his life that reveal how his knowledge was gained by personal experience.He knows, for example, that the star of the 1973 film Zanjeer was Amitabh Bachchan because he was his favorite actor as a little boy and was willing to cover himself with filth just to get his autograph. Built on memory, the film relives Jamal's life from the death of his mother to his entry into service to a cynical gangster who turns street children into blind beggars, reminding us of the millions of third-world children, not as lucky as Jamal, who fight against unending poverty each day. Jamal is fortunate to have allies, however: his brother Salim (Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail) and Latika (Rubina Ali), another orphan that Jamal becomes attached to form the "Three Musketeers", ready to do battle with the world.Though circumstances lead the three into different areas when they become adults, Salim (Madhur Mittai) into the criminal underworld, Latika (Freida Pinto) to be "kept" by a rich man, and Jamal to become a "chai wallah", a server of tea to telemarketers, Jamal does not give up, knowing that his life is governed by destiny and ruled by love. Using their wits to survive, the funniest scene is when Jamal and Salim find themselves as tour guides at the Taj Mahal, inventing stories about the history of the building that are probably as true as the official versions in the brochures. The center of the film, however, revolves around Jamal's contesting for millions of rupees on the game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", not necessarily to become rich but to woo Latika whom he knows is a fan of the show.We root for Jamal try to win his jackpot and get his girl. While we are aware that the film is an unlikely fantasy, we also know that as barriers between individuals and nations break down and the world moves toward a greater sense of unity, the distinction between what is possible and what is not is less rigid. Slumdog Millionaire may or may not be the best film of the year, but with headlines telling us daily that the economy is sinking and that climate change threatens our very existence, a film that is a pure celebration of life is welcomed with a grateful heart.

I'm a little surprised that almost all reviews of this movie have been overwhelmingly positive. Don't get me wrong, it is a must watch. However, I'll stick to negatives; for the positives, yes, they are all correct.The first few minutes of the movie were enthralling - it showed the real Bombay, the slums of India, with great screenplay and camera-work. I was left expecting something of great quality, cinema in the genre of "City of God". Judging by those high standards, the movie was somewhat of a let-down as it degraded into a Bollywoodesque entertainer. Half-an-hour in, I got the impression that the director did not quite associate himself with India, and parts came off as condescending and flippant.The main problem was an incredibly weak storyline. The story is that of a slumboy in chapters as he answers questions on India's version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire". The correlation of the questions to his life is contrived at best, but this doesn't matter since the aim of the movie is to showcase his life in the Indian slum. It is a travelogue of India to the Western audience. In this respect the movie succeeds entirely. It is very real, gets to the heart of India - its immeasurable poverty, its craze for Bollywood and cricket, its social problems. However, I didn't like the carelessness with which some topics were treated. While this saves us from an overly sentimental and depressing movie, I feel it almost condones some of these evils, or at least accepts them as a part of everyday life.Overall, it is a very entertaining feel-good movie that you won't regret watching no matter who you are and what you like. If you are a Bollywood fan, this will be the best Bollywoodish movie you have seen in ages. If you are the movie-critic, you will have plenty to enjoy and ruminate.My rating: 7/10

How did they all learn English? That is the first question came right into my mind when this movie concluded.Who can remember every little detail of his childhood with this perfection? well here is Guinness world record holder Mr.Jamal he knows it all. He is an uneducated slumdog with a great English ascent OMG what type of drugs were given to people and critics rating this movie a 10/10. and it won 8 Oscars???? In my point of view The curious case of Benjamin button should have won Best Picture as it was unique, memorable and touching not this crap.

This film features a less tourist and romantic side of India: a society where traditional social castes are still subject to discrimination, where the immensely rich are very few, and the absolutely miserable are millions. I'm not in India to see if this film shows the reality, in these issue, but it might be close. The two main characters are played by Dev Patel and Freida Pinto (a possible descendant of Portuguese, judging by the family name), and we can say that both are quite reasonable, given the circumstances. However, this film is just that good.To begin, credibility is not the big point of this film, especially for those who do not believe in coincidences. Otherwise, we would never be able to believe in the possibility of a person without instruction win a general culture contest thanks to answers are things that these person was memorizing lifelong, by chance. Nor would believe that one contest normally transmitted deferred would be broadcast live, or that such a popular winner could walk in public immediately after the contest without anyone looking at him more than twice. None of this makes sense, only serves melodramatic purposes, but this is the basis of the film and the script, written by Simon Beaufoy, based on a book I've never read, by Vikas Swarup. This lack of logic fatally victim the main character, despite Patel's efforts to look convincing. His romantic couple seems more consistent, but never ceases to be a highly secondary character.Far-fetched and unrealistic from the beginning to the end, this film is a failure. The way was thinking is too imaginative and bet too much on coincidences. This works with some, but not all audiences. This film does not have the value that most critics gave him, nor deserve Oscars who won. If there is overrated films, this is one.

Danny Boyle's "Slumdog Millionaire" is an enthralling dramatic film with ingenious storytelling methods. Similar to The Life of Pi, another highly acclaimed film set in India which also includes Irffan Khan, we are given a story that chronicles the life journey of a young, orphaned Indian boy, one that does so with such a majestic, albeit harsh, realism which makes it a highly appealing experience for any moviegoer. Everything in this film was great - from the brilliant editing and cinematography to the general drive that is kept running by strong acting performances (many by children) and a fantastic narrative-style comprised of flashbacks into the life of our game show contestant, each of those which are cleverly intertwined into the ostensibly random questions presented on the game show. And that is what made this film, for me, so memorable. All of those small, seemingly trivial, details in scenes had this kind of inherent importance associated with it. The story necessitated that each detail be recalled and, in doing so, ensured that each detail have significance.Nominated for 10 Academy Awards in 2009 and winning 8 of them (including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay), this film was both a commercial and critical success. Slumdog Millionaire presents us with an exhilarating, descriptive story that dissects the origins of our protagonist and his time growing up in the impoverished streets of Mumbai. The energy in this film and realism of the slums is almost akin to that of "City of God" and the game show premise ensures a full throttle, electrifying pace. Seamlessly mixing intense drama and uplifting action, Slumdog Millionaire, along with its emotionally- charged momentum, is an absolute treat.

I can't be the only one who finds it a bit odd that both this and Gandhi, the two best movies about India, were both made by Brits.Never matter. The best movies about a country don't have to be the ones made in that country. It helps, but the only people who would believe it to be a necessity are hardcore jingoistic patriots, a group with which I've had to many negative experiences to care about their opinions.Many of the best movies made about the fifties were not made during the fifties, as people were unwilling to show an objective view of what their lives were like during that decade. Likewise, many of the best movies made about country X or Y were made outside the country, both because foreign filmmakers are more skillful and because other countries can more openly dissect another without worrying about too many layers of politics. Personally, I would love to see a no frills British film about my country. Outsiders do have objectivity on their side.And this is a good portrait on India. It is decidedly not an Indian film, but it has no trouble diving into the issues of religion, poverty, change, and violence which cover the country. Some of my favorite films are the ones which educate without going out of their way to be educational. This movie fits the bill.It is long but it never feels like a drag. It is a sprawling epic that goes across the decades and entire regions of what is one of the most complex countries in the world. It is a visually striking film, one that unblinkingly shows heaps of trash and filth and even kids being intentionally harmed to make them more effective beggars.It never lets itself get too dark because people naturally don't let life get too dark. We are balanced creatures, always wanting to find light in dark and dark in light. There are too many people who live in dark cynicism or forced cheer and don't realize that. This movie doesn't let you forget it.And it is this balance and the feeling of realism that comes from it that keeps you on the edge of your seat. With a helping hand from a tight but unrestrained script, of course. When I'm searching through my memory banks, I often come across an image or clip that makes me question where it came from. Often, I realize, "Oh, yeah, that's from Slumdog Millionaire." It made a distinct impression on me. The unusual frame work of the gameshow is less a gimmick and more a golden road into a kingdom.The acting is superb. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that the lead actor would have become a star if he hadn't ruined his career by starring in the disgusting adaptation of my favorite cartoon. I feel for him.There is no question in my mind that this film deserves the boatload of Oscars it got. If I were to make a list of the five top films of the 2000s in terms of pure greatness, this would likely be on it.There is a scene in the late second act of the film that has stuck with me. Two of the main characters are sitting atop a building in construction, watching their old slums be turned into high rises. It is a complex moment, one that feels completely earned. And it is a moment that encapsulates the experience if watching this film.

I remember watching this in a writing class back in 2009. I kinda knew what the mood of the movie would be like. Think I even heard this thing from "Mind of Mencia" where the says "all 3rd world kids have in the world is being alive.". Wasn't until I saw this film it was sadly true but also made me appreciate what I have in the world. Basically it's about a Indian kid from the slums trying to win the million dollar prize on Indian version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire. This movie was also made made by the same Director that did 28 Days Later, Danny Boyle, and it really shows.It starts of with our hero Jamal's childhood all the way up to him being on the game show. I'm going to try not doing any spoilers since this is one of those movies that shouldn't be spoiled. Seeing Jamal and this brother go though all of this at such a young age shocked me and it still does. At the end it's pretty amazing and so true about good TV, movies, books, and even games maybe.My friend Don also mentioned this was kinda based on the 2002 movie City of God when I bought Slumdog Millionaire at a dollar store recently. Never really saw City of God probably because I was too young and it was an independent movie as well. Anyway Slumdog Millionaire is a classic with all of the Indian music and locations as well. Even kinda mocks the Hindu caste system a little in the game show scenes, at least I think. I recommend watching it when you can. It'll make you appreciate what you have in the world.

This is a somewhat predictable but lovely film which combines an honest look at poverty in India with one of the best love stories in recent years.Jamal who wants to find his long lost love Latika, goes on a game show called "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". After he's suspected of cheating, he's interrogated and he starts to explain how he knew all the answers.To say that this is expertly shot would be an understatement. It would be nearly impossible for another movie to win "Best Picture" over it. Every shot is amazing and not a single one seems worse than the last.The clever structure of the film uses the backstory to explain how he knew each of the answers to show what life is like for much of India's population. Even some of the more disturbing things that go on are detailed very well in the movie.The actors all did a great job. Especially the younger cast which is rather surprising considering that this is their first time acting for many of them. They acted well and I was sold in the first 20 minutes.Unfortunately, the film's strength falters near the end. Blaming plot contrivances on "fate" seemed lazy and the happy ending felt a bit hollow to me. But besides this, this is still a powerful and moving film which will entertain you all throughout it.This is a great movie. It has great acting and it was expertly shot. The movie details violence well and it's handled greatly too. This is Danny Boyle's best movie since Sunshine and Trainspotting.

because first of all it is all so much unofficially melodramatic that nothing interests me...added to shockingly abusive language made me disgust for it. When you use f* word in Goodfellas, it is justified but when.....Mr. Trainspotting maker used it to make his movie look realistic, I was sure its going to be one more typo from him. What interests the viewer is Mr. The Beach maker used or adapted a story which is feel good kind...so you can all enjoy your fantasies of getting success at the end, and nothing bad in that, at least it entertains.Then why did it got 'di Oscar'. the plain reason that the amazing movie 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' was not well connected with its end....according to the movie geeks. Rest other movies were pure Hollywood style porn and disgust which can't get Oscar what so ever. And i wonder where was 'The Dark Knight' in best pictures?? So, as Mr. buttons is out of the race, slumdog wins it. No doubt it is a nice enjoyable movie but only for western or westernized minds. The problem that i found with it was Mr. Danny Boyle tried to make it for world wide audience by mixing Hollywood style to bollywood, which unfortunately is not possible because of a huge cultural difference, lack of maturity in new ones, too filmy brains on one side and general requirements.The songs were good, new to the academy and audience, so i can't say it was any bad. In all this was a nicely directed, poorly adapted and dumbly acted, too average movie. One time watch at most.

Really, I am an enormous Danny Boyle fan but his most acclaimed movie, which is this one, is one I consider to be one of his weakest and is only one that still works out because of its originally.Danny Boyle is one of the most versatile directors out there. He can do a movie in basically every genre and turn it into something totally unique. This movie however doesn't really fit into one genre. Is it a drama? Is it a crime movie? Is it a romance? It was a bit of all really, which in my opinion was a bit too much for the movie to handle.The idea of the movie itself is good but the approach and execution of it was often slightly lacking. I just didn't always bought into its concept and the movie always gave me a feeling it could had done so much more with its with its main concept, also to make the movie a bit more credible and interesting at times.The movie was trying to do too much different stuff in my opinion. The storytelling techniques and the story lines themselves let this 2 hour long movie feel like a 3 hour long one.And I just don't understand some things about this movie. Why India? Why this main character? And why oh why would a TV program ever literally torture a contestant, just because he happens to know the right answers and why don't they want him to win? As this movie shows, they got more viewers than ever before when he was on and there are over 1.5 billion people living in India, so surely it must had earned them a lot of money and given them a lot of free press.But clearly, this is not a bad movie. I still liked it more than I didn't, which was mostly due to it that this is simply one original and simply a truly one of a kind movie. You can't really compare this movie to anything else, since it's simply at all times doing its own thing, with its visual style and storytelling.I believe that it's actually foremost its visual style that still makes this a truly good watch. It's a fast going movie, which in my opinion goes a bit at the expense of the drama and character developments at times but it does add to the movie its overall style. It strengthens its visual style and lets its dynamic camera-work, work out even better.I also really liked Dev Patel as the main lead. Perhaps he is the most underrated thing about this movie, since I feel he didn't got enough recognition for it at the time.So it's definitely a good and also original watch but still far from a great movie in my book.7/10 http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

First of all, I have no idea what the hue and cry is about. This film is average at most. The acting is mediocre, the story is decent. That's about it. The only creative and exciting part of the film was the "Who wants to be a millionaire" show. Apart from that, i must say that the film was very unrealistic. ( I am saying this because as an Indian, it is disturbing to hear people say that this is how India exactly is, and this is how it is in real life). Secondly, the direction was decent. Nothing spectacular. Some of the scenes like the Jai Ho dance in the end was a very good attempt at copying some of the commercial Bollywood films, which, consequently, are horrible. The only thing which made this film do well in the box office, and win an Oscar is due to the "Indian Stereotype" and the hype surrounding it.5/10 at the most.

Slumdog Millionaire is a stunning feast for all the senses, in the finest Bollywood tradition. It's so stunning that it can easily make you miss the fact that underneath it's empty, and none of the characters hold any real depth or interest. Why is it that Tarantino would never get this many Oscars for directing a similar tribute to cinema from Hong Kong or China? It's definitely an impressive piece of cinema, and Boyle's most accomplished visual work, but as storytelling goes it's a decent effort, no more, and definitely not the masterpiece it's made out to be. It's a film made for the sole purpose of winning awards.

First of all let me say that this movie brought Oscars for three Indians, AR Rahaman, Gulzar and Russel Pukutty.So there was a big reason for the Indian audience to cheer for Danny's team.But frankly speaking, the movie lacks substance as compared to many Hollywood films made in 2008 and also below par than many Bollywood flicks made every year.May be it was with this movie that Western audience got a touch of the flavor of Indian style of film making and Indian way of living.And for this it is a landmark movie in its own right.But then,winning 8 Oscars is a big deal, Isn't it and any Indian would say if that could win 8, what was wrong with the likes of Rang De Basanti,Taare Zameen Par or Lagaan? All of those beautiful movies earned a niche for themselves by their merit, which unfortunately SM could not achieve.I would never say it is a trash but then again its not a gem either. P.S: For those western audiences who think it deserved eight Oscars,I recommend a few Indian movies like the one I already mentioned + Chak De India,Parinda,Satya,Company,Shiva,Parzania,Black Friday,Swades,Ab Tak Chappan.The list will be too long to be accommodated here.So skip SM and go for the ones I recommended. The final thing, thanks to SM and Danny for at least bringing Indian style of film making to the western world, which is a wonderful achievement and deserves loads of accolades.

I'm quite split between a 7 and an 8 - was it a great movie? I don't think I'm quite willing to go that far for this simple rags to riches story. Its merits, excellent and brutal depiction of life in the slums of Mumbai, as well as an optimistic and exciting tone, are undeniable. I love Dev Patel, and his honesty and genuine nature shine through wonderfully here. Despite being told that he won at the very start, I was still on the edge of my seat and nervous for the entire climax. The way Boyle connects each question to the street smarts Jamal needed to survive the cutthroat streets of Mumbai was brilliant, and underscored the immense challenges faced growing up there. Where it falls short is in its overly simplistic plot and the incredible coincidences that were just impossible for me to ignore. Jamal manages to know just the right things and has exceptional luck in repeatedly finding Lakita. The romance plot was the most disappointing part for me, as he basically just had a connection to her from early childhood and remained obsessed with her ever since. I also didn't think the relationship and events relating to Salim, especially later in the movie, were cleanly shown. I love its early slice of life style and the connections between street smarts Jamal needed to survive and the show were truly wonderful, and the third act was still exciting. But when I look back on it and think about my relationship with the characters at the end, I'm left distant from the forced romance and the unbelievable run in the show. But as good movies do, just for a moment there, Boyle has you marveling at the way everything just works.

This is an extraordinary movie.Is based on a Q&A and there is a good example about how your culture can change your lifestyle forever.This movie tell us that we should have confidence and we shouldn't believe anyone,except in this movie,his friend who helped him a lot.Slummdog Millionaire shows us the life conditions in small countries,and I think that's a way to show people how real life looks like and we need to help the children which doesn t have any chance to succed in life because of the bad luck they borned with

Slumdog Millionaire is a movie produced by Danny Boyle, winning eight Academy Awards. This movie is about an orphan from Mumbai,who fought his way from poverty and a hard life, showing the real India, to a better life with the strength of his own intelligence.
 The movie starts whit a young man, held by the authorities for cheating on an well known tv show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?"because he was a slumdog and not even doctors or professors could get that far in the tv show. He explained how he knew all the answers,by telling them about the events of his life that had a connection whit the questions.
 The story shows how the young man, named Jamal, who had to steal and deceive to survive,improvised and remembered everything he had learned.
Jamal and his brother,Salim,after losing their mother, met a girl who later becomes the love of his life,with which eventually, 
even after all the separations, they still get to be together.
 At the end the officer saw that he was telling the truth, because he confessed big crimes that could make him more trouble then cheating on a game tv show,so he was released,won the top prize at the show and met again with the girl he loves.

''Slumdog Millionaire'' is a movie (released in 2008) based on a novel, ''Q&A'', written by Vikas Swarup. Jamal Malik is the main character of this film directed by Danny Boyle. Jamal is an orphan 18-year-old boy who lived all his life in the suburbs' poverty of the Indian city, Mumbai. Being one move away from winning the biggest prize, 20-million rupees, at India's ''Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?'', he is suddenly arrested by the police, because he was suspected of cheating. None from the audience knows how could a simple boy have such an enormous knowledge. He starts to tell the story of his life in front of the cops in order to prove his innocence. Every chapter of Jamal's life is the key to each question of the contest. Now, Jamal seems like he is trying to find the love of his life, not to win the big prize. So, is this boy a genius? Is his life based on destiny or not? We will find the answer of all this questions only by watching the whole movie! It should not be forgotten that this film won 8 Oscars, because of its convincing cast consisting of Bollywoodian actors as Dev Patel (Jamal Malik), Madhur Mittal (Salim Malik) and Freida Pinto (Latika). It also has a typical Indian soundtrack named ''Jai Ho'' by A.R. Rahman. In conclusion, I can say that I really enjoyed this film, because it represents the cruelty of our life, due to the facts that we do in order to improve it.

I think this movie was a good one. It is that kind of movie which makes you realise that not everyone has a simple and beautiful life. Jamal, a little boy from Mumbay, lives a very poor and hard life. This thing is about to change when he is participating in that game show named "Who wants to be a millionaire?", when he wins the big prize. I apreciate that this movie is not about how much money Jamal made, is about love, dedication and loyalty. All that he does in this movie, is for the love of his life, Latika. On the other hand,I think some scenes of this movie were violent and hard to watch because they are very detailed, and the big mistake that the producers made, was that those scenes were shown at the beginning of the movie. If I was faint hearted, probably the first moment I saw those scenes, I had been turned off my laptop. I also apreciate that this was not transformed in a musical movie, like almost all indians movie are. When I hear about an indian movie, I suddenly think about people who are shaking their heads and singing indian songs. This movie, had those things, at the end.
In conclusion, I gave the movie 8 stars because I didn't like those violent scenes, but beside that it was a good movie.

Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British drama film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Simon Beaufoy, and produced by Christian Colson.Set and filmed in India, it is a loose adaptation of the novel Q & A (2005) by Indian author and diplomat Vikas Swarup, telling the story of Jamal Malik, age 18, from the Juhu slums of Mumbai. As a contestant on the Indian version of ''Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?'' who is able to answer every stage correctly, as a result he is accused of cheating. Jamal recounts his history, illustrating how he is able to answer each question.I like this film very much, I actually watched it twice. I like the main actor, Dev Patel, very much and i think he did a good job on his role. I also watched ''Lion'' in which he is also the main actor and I recommend it. I liked the music in this film too because in general I like the indian music.I think that people who like true stories should watch it although it's sad. Maybe after watching it you would change what you think about some things, that's what it did to me and that's what i think a good film should do.

I've seen many movies in my lifetime, but this one's one of my two all time favorite movies. Everything about this movie is a winner from start to finish. You really get involved with Jamal Malik's struggle from the depths of poverty (shown in one of its purest forms) to a life of love and riches. The cinematography is outstanding, showing many sights of India's metropolitan and historic landscapes making it a country I wound't mind seeing at one point in my life. The narrative really pulls you in, a way not unlike how English author Charles Dickens managed in his works. You really feel for the three main characters as their stories are fleshed out and bring a lot of emotion, you wonder how they are going to get out of each scenario. I won't reveal the ending, but I will say that this movie will keep you coming back again and again for years to come. To top it all off, I like that they included a nice song at the end that will stick with you as well. Definitely the top movie of 2008 and one of the greatest movies of all time!

I'm not a huge fan of Bollywood films, but what got me interested was this whole "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" plot. Needless to say, I went in with low expectations. Wow, was I blown away!Director Danny Boyle just nailed this one. This is a riveting film with a fantastic breakout performance by Dev Patel, who basically carried this film.If you have not seen this yet, do so, and you will be glad you did!It's a 9/10 from me!

The marketing does not match the rating M15+ and I was left wondering just where was the uplifting engagingness of it all, I have read about.For me a fairytale fantasy yes, and the scenes and shots of India were top draw. However while the flashbacks worked well I am not a fan of that type of get rich quick 15 minutes of fame game show. The underlying tone of the show was NASTY with a game show host that was as egotistical as the show trying every trick to put off the contestant, and then having him arrested and beaten and abused. I mean really! this was for me was the underlying tone of the whole programme. NASTY. Where are the 'FAGINS' of Mumbai,they were all BILL SYKES, as as for the ending well really.....The directors 'Trainspotting' had some lighter moments and basically was about self abuse, where as 'slumdog' is about child abuse.So not for me guys...

After the Oscars, I was expecting a movie that actually had some merit. Sadly, this is about the worst trash the movies have produced in many years. Boring and oppressively violent, I didn't see any redeeming values, unless you think obsessive exploitation of children is OK. I know some will dismiss my comments with, "He just didn't get it." Well, I did get it and this semi-documentary is simply not worthy of any of the accolades heaped upon it. I never ceases to amaze me how films like this advance an unsupported agenda my making the plot hard to follow. Wake up! folks, just because you didn't understand what was going on, doesn't make the move deep or even meaningful. Heartfelt trash is still trash.

Shocked! This movie has won 4 Golden Globes. It is crowned high up in Top 250(!) What the hell is wrong with everyone? Who are these critics?From the very beginning this film "smelled" City of God. It seems clear that the writer/director had that masterpiece in mind(as many people here have noticed) while making this mere entertainer.I'm Indian and I know this country to the core. This film not only lacks the native flavor it also gives way to some unpardonable medley. It just sounds ridiculous when slum people are speaking English(Slangs in Hindi!)- that makes not a single character in this film something that an intellectual may approve.Evenif you look at it as a great piece of story-telling, there are better ones. Everybody knows. Ask David Fincher!Storyline is not great, flawed actually. Music is good, but A.R.Rahman has given hundreds of better scores. Cinematography is superb. 6/10. No less. Never more.If this flick happens to win the best film Oscar, I would very much like to say "Something is wrong." Seriously.

I saw this movie at a free advance screening in Boston with no expectations or prior knowledge of the film and was completely amazed. This is by far the best movie I've seen in the last few years and I plan to see it again upon theatrical release. Script, acting (especially excellent very young actors), cinematography, soundtrack...etc...are amazing. Everything about the film is beautiful and flawless. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I was surprised by an epic dance finale lasting about five minutes and including the entire cast.Seriously. Go see this movie now.

Bearing in mind that this one saw it after it stamped on the Academy Award competition, I was expecting it to be as good as everyone (i.e. my parents, who saw it before it received all the hype) said it was. Unfortunately, it fell short of the mark. A "feel good" film? Are you kidding me? Points scored for A.R. Rahman's soundtrack and the issues played out in the film, but otherwise, an overrated film reaching slightly above mediocre at best. No way should it have won eight Oscars. Maybe about four or five at the most because of the reasons above.Here are my grades: Acting: C Cinematography: B Music: A Plot: B/A.

OK, so I just watched this for the first time a couple months after the Oscars and am very disappointed with "the little movie that could" grabbing the Best Picture Oscar. Here's my top 10 and Slumdog will not be in it:1. THE DARK KNIGHT 2. THE WRESTLER 3. DOUBT 4. MILK 5. FROST NIXON 6. BENJAMIN BUTTON 7. REVOLUTIONARY ROAD 8. IN BRUGES 9. RACHEL GETTING MARRIED 10. IRON MAN*ALL OF THESE WERE EXCEEDINGLY BETTER THAN SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE IN MY OPINION. I HAVE NOT YET SEEN THE READER WHICH WOULD POSSIBLY CRACK MY TOP TEN.It was maybe the 15TH rated movie I saw this year. Since when does "the feel good movie of the year" deserve such high praise sweeping nearly every award available to it? On a positive note the main actor Dev Patel was excellent. Look for good things from him to come.For me it was a one time watch. That's it.

As everybody says this is a feel good film. When the film was over I did feel good, although the feel good factor was not as great as in other films I've seen, and I did also find that the film was somewhat predictable. I think a film should first and foremost be entertainment, but when that aim has been achieved, a film should also raise issues and make you think about certain things. Although I found this film to be stylistically well-made, I didn't feel that it raised many issues or made me think once it was over. The few issues it did raise (like "you don't have to be worthless just because you're poor") didn't seem particular original. If you're just looking for entertainment, then I think it would be worth seeing this film. If you want more than entertainment, then there are many other films I would rather recommend.

Jamal (Dev Patel) is an orphan from the slums of Mumbai. He gets to attend the game show 'who wants to be a millionaire' when he is 18. Surprisingly he starts giving the right answers till he gets into the final round. And all these questions have relevance to certain incidents happened in his life. The game show host and cops suspect that Jamal cheated in the show. The rest of the story is all about how he proves his innocence and wins his lady love that's been playing hide and seek with him since his childhood.The kids who did the roles of Salim, Jamal and Latika are adorable. They are the best in the film than the main leads. Among the notable Indian actors, Saurabh Shukla is the best. Ankur Vikal is excellent. Anil Kapoor is pretty natural as a wicked and biased host of the game show. After some point of time, we start hating him. Dev Patel is adequate. Irfan Khan played similar kind of roles earlier. Hence it is a cake walk for him.When somebody is doing a film on a slum boy, it is bound to show the hard reality in slum areas. That does not mean that India has been projected in the wrong way. When somebody watched 'City of God' which shows the bad side of Brazil country, one expects it to be a poor country with little scope for improvement. But actually Brazil is one of the fastest growing economies in the world along with Russia, India and China (BRIC countries). India is not for the people who judge it by watching fictional movies. Hence, let's not bother about it.Slumdog Millionaire is an Indian film at heart with Indian emotions catering to Indian sensibilities. This film balances arts with commerce. It is also the best example of presenting a story in a realistic way without missing the formula. The best part in this film is the screenplay and most of the credit for this screenplay should go to the Indian writer Vikas Swaroop who wrote 'Q & A' book. Direction of the film is world class and narration balances the sensible humor and subtle tragedy.Background score by AR Rehman is peppy and energetic (especially the beat scored by kids chasing scenes in the initial part of the movie). Cinematography is excellent. Editing is superb with no dull moment. This film shows Mumbai slums in a magnificent way. On a whole Slumdog Millionaire is a must see film and will put India on the world cinema map like Gandhi (1982) film.

I enjoyed the movie,..but shame to hear the film makers only paid the three young lead kids in the film from the slums were paid USD 700.00 only and not proper USA SAG or Brit guild wages.They are still living in the slums.This is why my vote is 5.5 for a good movie, minus 5 for bad form.Even though the film makers state that they have taken care of their schooling..fact is..any other lead actor in a movie gets greater entitlements than that.They usually would get enough to pay for their schooling and to keep some for better living.SAG minimum is about 2000 USD per week for a speaking role..maybe much much more as they were the lead roles...these kids must have worked on it for several weeks. They should have been paid USD 25 000- USD 50 000????.Maybe less ,maybe more.That would have been fair.Hollywood needs to wake up when filming overseas.

The first half of this movie was good. The kids were excellent, the whole effect colourful and fast moving. Although it dealt with some pretty traumatic incidents and serious issues with too light a touch and was a tad condescending, on the whole, it wasn't bad.The second half was pretty dire. Clichéd, syrupy nonsense which spoiled the whole with wooden acting from the adults and far too much simpering about. Of course, some people like the sugary stuff. If you do, go and see the whole thing, you'll enjoy it. If, like me, you hate badly done schmalz, go and see the first half then go for a dunkin doughnut or whatever to make up for what you missed.

I just want to say very briefly that Slumdog Millionaire is a very beautiful film, I absolutely loved it. If you have not yet seen this film in the cinema and you are thinking about it then I urge you to stop thinking and go see it! You will not be disappointed. This film has everything - epic romance at its heart, emotion in bucket-loads, action, drama, tension and tragedy. Having been bitterly disappointed by my last two film outings at the cinema..i won't mention their names as they are not worthy of it..i'll just say that one of them was about a guy in a silly bat suit with a silly voice and the other was about a guy who works for the British Secret Service. Both of these films were total rubbish, boring and a total waste of my time and money and sitting through them had dulled my enthusiasm big-time for seeing anything else on the big screen. Seeing Slumdog Millionaire though has totally blown these 'dulled' feeling away and so at last I am back, revelling in the after glow of seeing such a brilliant, beautifully made film. Slumdogs director - Danny Boyle and his team of film makers deserve every award they receive.It was so refreshing to watch a film where it was all up there on the big screen, a film where you absolutely get your money's worth, a film after which when you walk from the theatre you have this wonderful, satisfying feeling flowing through you. All credit to the excellent cast, they are all truly great actors some of which were only as young as seven years old. The photography, the direction, the acting, the storyline..all of it was simply fantastic. I have read that Slumdog Millionaire is the feel good film of the decade and, having just seen it, I totally agree. Please take my advice and go see it!

Slumdog Millionaire presents a refreshingly original concept, but it fails when it plays like a typical action romance. The main problem is that the screenplay follows the same formula that so many other big-budget action romances follow with two major exceptions. One, we have Indian characters, not American (it gives the film a special allure). Secondly, the story is told in non-linear fashion. But the formula is the same. One of the biggest problems in the writing is that everybody except for the two main characters is a villain. Key characters are one-dimensional and that's far too easy to write. For example, everybody with the exception of three key characters are pure evil and even then, one is mostly evil. It's lazy and a way to spoon-feed the audience. It's easier for audiences to identify some one as wholly good and another as wholly evil. Writing complex characters causes more ambiguity and it might make audiences think!Secondly, Slumdog suffers from what I'll call "Inverse Deus Ex Machina." Instead of characters always being saved by the bell, these characters are always being harmed by the bell. Just when you think something good will happen, something bad happens to increase drama. This is a problem when it happens at every single opportunity it gets except one. Another problem is a philosophical one. Jamal searches for his true love, a girl that he barely spent any time with making it hard to legitimize this destined love. Now, this can work by giving the main character a reason to love a girl he barely knew. Maybe she reminds him of innocence or maybe she was the only purely good person he ever knew. But the movie does not justify this distant and unknown love, they simply expect us to believe that the overly passionate Jamal would be so unbelievably attached to a stranger and vice versa. Boyle also applies some annoying gimmicks to this film. Almost every other shot is canted dutch (camera tilted at an angle). Critics seem to confuse this as art but it's simply aggravating. The Third Man is the only film that can use canted dutch shots nearly as much as Slumdog did, although it still does it less. Also, every time it happens in 3rd Man, there's an obvious reason for it. Here, there's no reason other than to create never-ending chaos, even during the calm scenes. Also, Boyle doesn't something extremely elementary. He changes the positions and colors of the subtitles, especially throughout the earlier scenes. This is a way of telling the audience, WE KNOW YOUR ATTENTION SPAN IS TOO SHORT TO READ BLACK AND WHITE SUBTITLES AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN, SO WE'LL APPLY COLORS AND MAKE THEM MORE VISIBLE BECAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY WAY THE American AUDIENCE WILL WATCH THIS. Man on Fire and El Cantante also did this, I believe for the same reasons, and it's unnecessary. Trust the audience. They're only dumb if you treat them as such. And I won't even get into the end credits. I'll just say this isn't 40 year old virgin, this movie can't pull that off. Also, Boyle has a nasty habit of playing popular, modern songs non-diagetically against scenes that take place well before the song was made. I may be nit-picky here, but this too is unnecessary, sloppy film-making. More importantly, Boyle exhibits a petty reliance on music, making most of the movie feel like a really expensive music video. Slumdog fails to capitalize on the most interesting character in the film. THE SLUMS. There's a brief moment in the film where the camera is sitting on a tri-pod, there isn't any wacky editing, and a serene song plays. We watch Jamal re-enter the slums. Here, the slums are treated with tenderness and a little nostalgia. The film needs more of this. Ultimately, the great reviews stem from the appreciation of an unusual concept made in a fast-paced, City of God-like environment using incredibly epic scenery of Mumbai slums. Unfortunately, the content, editing and cinematography is treated like a Michael Bay film and the theme (and ending) is one to satisfy an audience of teeny-boppers. Slumdog may very well win best picture this year while a simpler, more thought-provoking and more mature film in The Wrestler isn't even nominated for the award.

One has filmed really spectacular! Slumdog Millionaire shows as the life can give many returns, two brothers and a friend with a life very difficult and afflicted, by the way, is a picture of thousand of children for this world rejection. I liked very the young actors that acting very well, had shown what really it is to represent. I liked particularly a scene it film, where the small Jamal sees its ídol and locked in a house of bath for the brother, it orders if for sewer where the people made its necessities, holding the photograph of its ídol without making dirty, and of followed runs to ask for the autograph to it and obtains. This history goes if uncurled of form very obtained well, with the two brothers of shapes and different personalities to follow opposing ways. The Jamal young inscribes in Who wants to be Millionaire so that it sees it to the Latika to try to change the life of the two, and has that to give the congratulations to the writer for the form as the questions that were made in the program were answered certainly by the Jamal on the basis of its experiences of life. It is impressive as this film obtains to captivate, great love that Jamal feels for Latika is impressive and shows in that never we must give up the people who really we like, and above all orders a great message, that the essences of the life is without a doubt the love, the courage and the friendship. Better film of 2008 without a doubt, of 0 the 10 I give 11 to it.

Slumdog Millionaire is an excellent movie that depicts a side of India with a cruel reality. The movie has a raw edge that is hardly found in most Bollywood films. Jamal, the main character, is excellent in playing his role though I was more impressed with the younger Jamal than the older one. The movie opens with the interrogation of Jamal, the 18-year-old boy from the slums who just won 10 million Rupees on the the Indian version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. After picking all the right answers, his honesty is questioned as how in the world can an uneducated boy from the slums of Mumbai win 10 million Rupees on the show. He recounts his life story to his interrogators as he tells on how he knew the answer to every question.The picturesque scenes of rubbish-laden hillsides among the slums and tough travels on India's train system tells a story of struggle growing up homeless. The movie also recounts Jamal's experience of Hindus rioting against the Muslims in India, torching villages and people, and of a man who fed the homeless children and in turn use them to beg for money. And yet, one can still find innocent happiness among the children. Perhaps this had caused Jamal not have riches as his primary concern but rather just finding his true love that he once lost a long time ago. As if fate had it that he was only asked questions he knew of, like Benjamin Franklin on a $100 bill, but not Ghandi on a 1000 Rupee note which he did not know of. In the end, in his quest to find his love, and ironically not for the money, he wins both.

Excellent, superb, fantastic is the word that I wanna use for director Danny Boyle.This time he has picked up a completely different subject to portray unlike his previous films. While watching through the entire movie I was amazed how closely this person was able to capture small moments that mesmerizes our minds and stays on for a while. Great job done. Most of us were amazed and asking this question to me whether this movie was actually made by Danny Boyle or by some Indian director. Never ever throughout this movie you'll feel that this movie has been directed by a Hollywood director.The treatment and the feel of the movie was awesome. This one will not knock the doors for Oscar but would rather kick the doors and break it down until its open and I mean it. This is one movie which cannot go unnoticed. In my own words I see many shades of "Salaam Bombay" which earned India its 2nd Oscar nomination, but this was better than Salaam Bombay and even not as depressing as Salaam Bombay. It has fantastic and soothing ending unlike Salaam Bombay.Performance wise the heart and soul of the movie has to be the 2 small kids from the where the movie starts off, they were so natural and the best part was that they reminded us the actual 80's & 90's feel yet not depressing and it has its life on it own which is immortal.The movie has already been praised outside India. But I'm highly disappointed by the producers as its not been promoted in India to large extent which it surely deserves. This movie needs a high promotion just like Ghajini as it is the only best movie of 2008 if try to compare it with any movie that has released in 2008 so far.You'll have to watch it to believe. It's a lifetime experience.Watch it & enjoy it.

I saw this movie in St. Petersburg Florida on Monday, but live in Tampa. It was an incredible movie, perhaps the best I've seen this year and I see a lot of movies. (I mystery shop Muvico Theaters). I don't understand all the questions being posted about this feature. I'm speaking of the obvious line of questioning regarding motivation, Muslim references and the like. I'm not Muslim nor am I Christian nor am I from that part of the world and I think I got it! It is written...does that really need an explanation? Why are you all trying to make it REAL, it was a movie, its not meant to be plausible. What it did do was give us a glimpse at that part of the world and for a brief 2 hours and 17 minutes allowed us to believe that sometimes, money isn't everything and love does conquer all.

Like a cross between 'City of God', 'Quiz Show', and hmm, 'The Usual Suspects', 'Slumdog Millionaire' is Danny Boyle's ('Trainspotting', '28 Days Later') best film to date. Set in the slums of Mumbai, the story traces back through each successive game show question from Jamal Malik's (Dev Patel) tragic childhood in abject squalor, through his life as a teenager in the slums with his criminal-minded brother Salim (Madhur Mittal), and Jamal's pursuit of lifelong crush Latika (the incredibly beautiful Freida Pinto). It starts off auspiciously and ends somewhat conventionally and a little trite, but it's impossible in this case not to root for the underdog. The soundtrack features famed Indian producer A.R. Rahman and M.I.A.

This is the story of the journey of a boy becoming a man and what he will do to prove his love to the woman of his dreams. He gets on Who Wants to be a Millionaire, a show that she is fond of, and tries to win the top prize in rupees. His journey is not without a lot of pain and a lot of challenges. This was a surprisingly uplifting and beautiful film, which is a surprise considering how dark and intense it is in the earlier scenes in the film. While the film does have a lot of style in terms of music and color, the camera never stops moving. It is always very shaky and always cutting away. This helps to establish how intense the situations in the film are. The characters are all clearly defined and given a lot of personality and quality. Even the most minor of the characters are given plenty to work with. The film just bursts with life and with beauty and innocence and emotion. There are scenes of incredible clarity and power. This is, by far, Danny Boyle's most ambitious film yet! It's certainly not his best(in my opinion that would by Trainspotting) but it's one of his better films. It's easily the most accessible and the most enjoyable for most audiences. It's probably his most mainstream film. I have a feeling that this film was what he wanted A Life Less Ordinary to be like but at the time didn't have the money or ability to pull it off. Slumdog Millionaire is a success and it is a good movie. There are flaws, don't get me wrong. Some of the music doesn't work, the middle section of the film is surprisingly weak and confusing, there are too many unnecessary chase scenes and fight scenes, one of the characters does some really extreme things that seem out of the ordinary, and the film's editing can be to abrasive at times. Still, this film is fun, it's entertaining, and it's uplifting. This is the "feel good" movie of the year. See it, not because you want to but because you deserve to.

Slumdog Millionaire is a cinematic typhoon of chaos, corruption, betrayal, chance, and romance. The foul world depicted in this film rivals the violence, the poverty, and the filth of another impoverished world, that of Fernando Meirelles and his magnum opus, City of God.Danny Boyle takes some great risks by making a movie in Hinglish, sans Hollywood stars, with a story revolving around a television game show of all things. But it works. This modern folktale works exquisitely.The cities of India depicted in Slumdog are Boyles's leading characters. Anthony Dod Mantle captures the light, the color, the dirt, and the energy of these antiheroes with an eye that doesn't flinch.Boyle does wonders with his amateur actors and his actors don't fail him. Dev Patel gives a notable performance as Jamel, who is the Indian trinity of pathos being an orphan, a Chai-wallah, and an untouchable. The Academy needs to take proper notice. Jamel's affection for Latika leads him through his odyssey that will go into the canon of great romance films, (Casablanca; The Princess Bride; The Constant Gardner; and The Fountain), where the hero sacrifices his freedom, his life, his honor, and his dignity for his love.Boyle takes the standard boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl, boy flirts with fate in order to get the girl formula and keeps the formula vivid and vital by amongst all things dowsing his protagonists in dirt, crap, and unbridled class prejudice. He does so not out of some kind of masochistic fervor held against his characters but out of deep respect for these spirited souls who will try and triumph at all cost.A warning must be given to those who are squeamish. Beware of several flinch worthy scenes: torture; violence against children; and one infamous crap scene for which I will not waste your time writing about as you probably already know about it.Best Motion Picture of the Year, (***); Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role: Dev Patel; Achievement in Directing: Danny Boyle and Loveleen Tandan, (***); Adapted Screenplay, Simon Beaufoy, (***); Achievement in Cinematography: Anthony Dod Mantle, (***); Original Score: A.R. Rahman; Achievement in Editing.

This film encapsulates the predominant feeling and impression I have had about India ever since I travelled through it  that it is the people's thirst for life despite incredible adversity that so endears me about the country. There are scenes in this film that are absolutely devastating and others that will make your heart soar, often at the same time! Particularly the scenes involving the protagonists as children - one scene in particular will haunt me forever and gave me a devastating new insight into the world of child beggars. Be warned, you are going to cry in this film. I did. The film follows the story of Jamal and his brother Salim, reflected through the Hindi version of 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire'(!), the major quiz show that Jamal manages to appear and become a national hero on. As the show's host cannot understand how a 'slumdog' like Jamal can have the answer to all the questions, he is brutally interrogated by a couple of security officers as to HOW he knows the answers. It is through Jamal's life experiences that he knows the answers, and we uncover it in the film through flashbacks. It is a life that involves abject poverty, religious violence, crime, love and many other 'life' experiences that we witness through Jamal and his brother Salim's life; and also through the relationship with his lifelong love, Latika. The performances all round are excellent, the cinematography mesmerising, and the script both absurdly hilarious and heartbreakingly real. How the two brothers manage to survive is extraordinary, much like the film itself. This film has already won a slew of Audience and Critics awards and has recently been nominated for Best Picture and Best Director at the Golden Globes. It deserves every one of them.

The making of the film is very Hollywood, but the script is very Bollywood! And I don't mean anything in a sarcastic way - this is truly an amazing collaboration! The Bollywood has been producing dreamy, Utopian, feel-good (or sometimes bad), heart-over-mind, good-over-evil scripts for ages, and it has not only worked for thriving industry, but is slowly expanding way beyond Indian subcontinent. So something that appeals to may be couple of billions of people can't be wrong - can it?On the other hand, Hollywood takes keen interest in realistic, mind-over-heart, fact-over-belief scripts. Nothing wrong with that either.This movie brings the best of both - you cannot afford to miss it. The story will keep you engaged from the word go. Very able acting by the newcomers, Dev Patel (Jamal) as a spl mention. But the young slum urchins played by child actors are absolutely fantastic! Cinematography is pure master craftsmanship - hardly seen Mumbai (Bombay) in such vivid visuals! A.R.Rahman's music brings a bit of unconventionality - miles apart from his bollywood affair, and rightfully so! This kid in the movie reminds me of a clip of a young urchin near a tourist place in India, who has picked up conversation in many languages just trying to sell something to international tourists. (Watch: youtube watch?v=DZOwvQRs-W0). That kid never went to school, yet he can carry on a conversation in more languages than any of us can! Coming back to the movie: 2 words: WATCH IT!

Slumdog Millionaire chronicles the odyssey of Jamal Malik from the slums of Bombay to now modern Mumbai. The film's framing device is Malik's attempt to win the Hindi version of "Who wants to be a Millionaire". He ends up answering each question correctly and a day before he attempts to answer the final question for the grand prize, he's whisked away by the police on suspicion of fraud. The police want to know how a kid from the slums could possibly answer all those questions correctly. As they question him (sometimes using torture at first), the viewer is treated to a series of flashbacks which explains how he's able to successfully answer each question.The first half of the movie (the much better part) involves Malik first as a young child (of about five) and later at about the age of 10 (played by two different child actors). Malik's older brother, Salim, is the more aggressive of the two, in contrast to the sensitive younger brother. We see how they are orphaned at an early age when their mother is killed during a riot where Hindus attack Muslims. The children must fend for themselves in the slums of Bombay and there are many memorable and shocking scenes that chronicle their tactics of survival. One indelible scene involves Malik securing an autograph from a famous Indian singer who is on a publicity tour in the area. Malik extricates himself from inside a locked latrine and appears at the autograph signing covered head to toe in human excrement. Eventually Malik and Salim are lured by a gang of criminals who end up training them to become professional beggars. The gang goes so far as to increasing their profits by blinding certain children who have sweet singing voices. The blind children are used by the criminals to manipulate unsuspecting tourists who feel sorry for the now handicapped children. Salim alerts Malik to the gang's nefarious plan and they escape along with another child, Latika who Malik falls in love with.At the midpoint of the film, with Salim now a young teenager, he takes revenge on head of the gang who almost blinded Malik by shooting him to death. But Salim incurs Malik's enmity by raping Latika. Flash forward to the present as we find Malik working at a menial job as a gopher at a large international customer service company. Malik eventually locates Salim who is now working for the boss of Mumbai's biggest crime syndicate. And he finds out that Latika is basically an indentured servant in the boss's mansion. In the film's climax, the police release Malik who goes on to answer the final question correctly and hooks back up with Latika who escapes the crime boss's lair (with the help of Salim, who, in a final act of contrition, sacrifices himself by murdering the crime boss and in turn is killed by the boss's bodyguards). Slumdog Millionaire has a lot going for it. It's highly entertaining and features some great performances (especially by the child actors in the first half). Dev Patel as Malik is also excellent as the low-key hero who eventually gets the girl. The passionate conflict between the two brothers adds to the verisimilitude of the story.Slumdog is really designed to be a gritty fairy tale. But even fairy tales must have some kind of internal logic. The weakest part of the story for me was the whole idea that the producer of the 'Millionaire' show was some kind of crook who wanted to fix things so Malik would lose. And was it at all believable, that Malik, who had become a national hero, would suddenly be brought in by the police and tortured merely because they could not believe a kid from the slums could answer such the tough questions on the show? In reality, the police would never have chanced abducting Malik while the show was going on and risk losing their jobs due to possible adverse press coverage. And why would the producer of the show want Malik to lose? If he wins, the producer's ratings go much higher and he makes more money.Slumdog also stumbles by becoming a Bollywood production in the second half. The villain in the first half, the child exploiter is much more believable and menacing than the crime syndicate boss in the second half. And Latika is wholly an underdeveloped character—she has nothing much to do except being the love object of Malik.I'm not sure if Slumdog Millionaire deserves to be nominated for an Academy best picture. But as a solid piece of entertainment, it will keep you riveted in your seat.

This is a wonderful film that is a thrilling movie experience. The art of film is so fantastic because it combines elements of painting, uses music, is like the theater but beyond it, and has a magical metaphorical level as well. This film is an excellent example of this multi-level art form. The story is a simple one about a lost child. and his fate in the world. Set in the sprawling slums of Bombasy (Mumbai), the plot is based on a Charles Dickens like melodrama. The other part of the story deals with the consequences of the child's early life. The whole story line is driven by an absolute wonderful energy that is really irresistible. I found myself drifting only at the very end when I felt the whole machine had simply run out of time and plausibility. Never the less, this is film is a delight that should not be missed. Luckily I was able to watch it with a friend of Indian heritage, and I think she will be able to answer some of the deeper cultural questions that it poses. What is sure is that few films move across such a rainbow tapestry of cultural, political and artistic canvases with such verve and power. I wish there was something this fun to watch every week.

Greetings again from the darkness. What a terrific story and interesting film to watch! One of my favorite overlooked films of the past five years is "Millions", also directed by Danny Boyle (best known for "Trainspotting"). The screenplay is by Simon Beaufoy ("Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day" and "The Full Monty") and is based on Vikas Swarup's novel "Q&A". Not really sure how to describe this other than a classic love story wrapped in a rags-to-riches story of survival.We get a glimpse of India's underbelly without it being a guilt-ridden social statement. The movie is actually three parts interwoven beautifully. The working class pauper is having a nice run of success on "Who Wants to be a Millionaire". Of course his success brings with it the assumption of cheating. As he is being wickedly tortured and questioned by the police, we are provided flashbacks into Jamal's childhood which explain each of the answers he "miraculously" knows.The only actor most American audiences will recognize is Irfan Khan as the sadistic police interrogator. Mr. Khan will be remembered as the wise father in "The Namesake". Despite that, the acting is superb and we are treated to story lines of our three main characters at three different stages in their life.This is purely expert film-making with a creative and multi-faceted story. I can't recommend this enough to anyone who enjoys interesting entertainment and appreciates Mr. Boyle's expertise.

Saw a screening last night. Just a great film. Unlike anything you have ever seen. The screenplay is brilliant and written not just with great dialogue but in visual terms. Danny Boyle's direction is kinetic and most appropriate to convey the feeling of the Mumbai slums. The editing builds tensions throughout and this is one of the most effective uses of flashback ever.First rate acting and a great score.The audience cheered and gave it a standing ovation after it was over (of course could have been because Danny Boyle and Dev Patel were in room but I do not think so).Lots of awards will follow.The perfect combination of a film to satisfy your intellect as well as a real crowd pleaser.Don't miss it!

I was really looking forward to this movie based on the reviews, and made my two teenage sons go with me. I had to leave after 30 minutes. It was so cruel and vicious I just couldn't sit through one more act of inhumanity against children. If you thought Trainspotting was rough to take, it's nothing compared to Slumdog Millionaire. I loved Trainspotting in spite of the violence, but this movie was just relentless. I've seen much more effective depictions of the victimization of children in India, and the civil war between Hindu and Muslim, without resorting to MTV-style artistic violence. Danny Boyle, the director of both films, did a masterful job of using violence to make his point in Trainspotting; in Slumdog Millionaire I wondered whether he was actually getting off on it. Unless you have a really strong stomach and don't have a problem watching children treated like cockroaches, give it a miss. I feel certain you won't be missing much.

Winner of eight Academy Awards, including one for Best Picture of 2008, "Slumdog Millionaire" is like a Charles Dickens story updated to the techno-savvy 21st Century. The movie focuses on a trio of impoverished orphans living and loving and contending with a slew of heartless villains in the slums of Mumbai, India. Jamal, his older brother, Salim, and their compatriot, Latika, a young girl they take under their wing, undergo enormous trials and tribulations as they struggle to survive in a world that has pretty much abandoned them to the vagaries of fate. In true Dickensian fashion, the story also provides generous doses of melodrama, implausible coincidences, hairbreadth escapes and heart-tugging sentimentality to help mitigate the suffering.Based on the novel "Q & A" by Vikas Swarup, the movie starts off with a now 18-year-old Jamal being interrogated - and, indeed, tortured - by the Indian authorities who don't believe that an ordinary kid from the slums could be racking up so much money as a contestant on "Who Wants to Be A Millionaire?" (he's fast approaching the 20,000,000 rupee mark) without somehow cheating. With this unlikely but clever narrative device serving as a framework, the movie then travels back in time to show the skeptical police investigator just how it is that Jamal does indeed happen to know the answers to all those questions.Written by Simon Beaufoy and co-directed by Loveleen Tandan and Danny Boyle ("Trainspotting," "28 Days Later"), "Slumdog Millionaire" somehow manages to push the envelope in the areas of plausibility and credibility without sacrificing its authenticity in the process. One moment it may be being brutally honest in its depiction of the effects of grinding poverty and cruelty on the human body and spirit - and the next it's indulging in the veriest of feel-good fantasies, as Jamal stands on the brink of the ultimate rags-to-riches fable, getting both the money and the girl, in the best Horatio Algers tradition. Yet, the movie never feels exploitative or compromised as a result of this dichotomy - a dichotomy, in fact, that clearly reflects the Indian culture of both wealth and poverty, traditionalism and modernity from which the story arises.The flashiness of the editing and the liveliness of the directing keep the film hurtling ahead at a breakneck pace, while the cast of mainly amateur actors - playing the children at various ages - engages our sympathy from the outset. Dev Patel and the gorgeous Freida Pinto are both splendid as the oldest incarnations of the two main characters. And don't step out before the closing credits, a fun and lively bit of Bollywood hoopla designed to send audiences out of the theater with a spring in their steps and a smile on their faces - a smile that is well and honestly earned, I must say.

Slumdog Millionaire is a story of a guy named Jamal Malik who is on a show called "Who wants to be Millionaire" hosted by Prem Kumar. It revolves around the show and the life of Jamal.The story is based on a novel "Q & A" by Vikas Swarup and Screenplay by Simon Beaufoy. The story is very original. The movie is shot in-and- around the streets in mumbai and other places in India. Dev Patel is awesome, simply brilliant. His expressions are so natural, you tend to feel and think like him. This combined with awesome screenplay and direction keeps the audience glued to their seats. I highly recommend this movie. I was seen this movie like 3 times now and every time I have the same excitement and interest in it. The movie contains some foul language and some violence so PG is recommended. ( See IMDb Parental advice for this movie for detail )

I'll be honest, I did not even hear about this movie until I roamed around on the Internet and found it at IMDb. Seeing that it had a high rating and being nominated for 4 golden globes, I chose to see it. After the two-hour movie flew by, I couldn't help but think how amazing it is. "Slumdog Millionaire" is about an orphan who grows up in the slums of Mumbai. It is told through flashback by an 18-year old boy named Jamal as he is questioned by the police of the crime of cheating on the Indian version of "Who wants to be a Millionaire?" The movie does follow the typical rags to riches scenario, but it is made creative by the Indian performers who I thought were well excellent in their roles. Dev Patel as Jamal is on his way for a very promising career. In addition to the cast, Danny Boyle's direction not only tells the story but also makes it alive. The way he filmed it made me feel like I was in the slums of India, right in where the people sleep in trash heaps and poop in little outhouses that are right by the river. His use of wide and master shots makes this magic believable. Such use of camera shots, as well as quick editing and close ups helps build the tensions in the scenes throughout the film.At the same time, he captures another India of the wealthy. He reveals the real, modern-day India, unlike films such as "Passage to India" or "Ghandi". One thing I couldn't help but notice about this film is the work of the photographer. The cinematography is different than any other movie I have seen. There's something very "surreal" and vibrant about the lighting and color in the film, as if the sun is the primary source of light (which to a degree is in the outdoor sequences). However, I noticed that in the indoor scenes, this surreal look is still present, particularly based on light sources within those scenes. In addition with the cinematographer, the sound editors put a lot of emphasis on the background noise. This adds more to the authenticity of the film. For instance, when a train goes by at a train station in the movie, it is very, very loud, as it is in real life. But the one thing that is always louder than the field sound is the thunderous and heart pounding score by A.R. Rahman. I will note that his love theme at the end of the movie is very touching and moving. Overall, "Slumdog Millionaire" is a unique film that explores a world that no one would want to be apart of, yet millions of people live it. There is some very good humor at times and there are some very shocking and disturbing scenes. Not the gory kind like in a war picture, but rather the depictions of starving kids running away stealing and lying to earn money and get food maybe emotionally intense for some people. It is a hard film to watch, but it is a very good one. It's not one for everyone, but I love it and I consider it to be one of this year's best pictures!

When it comes to a film like Slumdog Millionaire, we're not watching for an end result, because we already know how it'll end. It's almost comforting, in a way, knowing the best will become of our characters. The film isn't about waiting for some sappy ending, but about building up and culminating a story to enthrall us till the end. And the journey found here is exhilarating. It tells a story that requires us to become a child once more to relate. We don't just sit back and watch, the tale evokes our own memories of grief, hope, and love in a way of contrast. You undergo a truly personal experience with this movie. None other this year has come close to the stirring magic this incites. It doesn't tell a love story, but rather a story of love, friendship, and destiny, tangled up in a web of poverty, greed, and deception. Simply beautiful, sad, inspirational, and brilliant film. Danny Boyle has outdone himself.

I guess looking back I'd have to say I generally enjoy movies directed by Danny Boyle. "Trainspotting" and "The Beach" just to name a couple of them. Here he brings us a young-love fable set in modern India, the realistic modern India where people make a life the best way they can. The critic Ebert has a very nice, accurate review.The story focuses on one boy who was orphaned at a very young age when Muslims were attacked at a washing hole and his mom was clubbed to death. That he and his brother managed to escape and survive was just the start of their ordeals. Dev Patel is the teenage Jamal K. Malik.He makes do the best he can, running a series of relatively harmless scams, often involving tourists. His brother Salim follows a quite darker route and as a young adult is a gangster working for a big gangster. As children they also become friends with a small orphaned girl Latika, who is played later as a young adult by Freida Pinto.As a young adult Jamal works in a large "bullpen" type of phone sales group, but his job is simple, bringing tea to the others. One day a worked asked him to take is phone station for a few minutes, and Jamal had figured out how to make the call at the right time to get on the "Millionaire" show. He does, and he does very well, answering questions that a "slumdog" like him, someone uneducated, should not be able to answer. So they begin to wonder "how is he cheating?" Eventually 20Million Rupees is at stake, which is about $400,000 US dollars.Good movie, filmed in an exciting manner and edited interestingly. The story is not told linearly but all comes together easily.SPOILERS: Jamal even as a young boy fell in love with Latika, but she became separated from them. They grew up apart but he eventually found her, in virtual slavery for the man Salim actually works for. Jamal's real motivation to get on the TV show was to make contact with Latika, because everyone watched it. As the flashbacks show, there was a particular incident in his growing up that contributed to his knowing the answer to each question, like "who invented the revolver" or "who is on the American $100 bill". Still, after one day of the TV show he was taken away and in a sense tortured to reveal how he cheated, but Jamal only told the truth. However the next show when he was faced with the 20Million Rupee question, "the 3rd Musketeer", he didn't know the answer. He guessed, got it right, because of fate. And fate got him and Latika together.

Don't get me wrong.. this IS a good film.. but I cant help thinking that all the publicity its getting, though much of the publicity is very well deserved is albeit hyping it up.. a little bit too much. am I wrong?? I watched 'slumdog millionaire'.. 'after' the media advertising saturation it got left me no option(as an avid film fan) but to go and watch it. Im glad I did, but it left me with a feelin of 'did I miss something whilst watching?.. because absolutely no way did it live up to the hype. This has got to be one of the most hyped movies ever! definitely watch it.. but I bet you feel the same as me after.. my point is.. (the movie industry is in serious trouble when any half decent movie gets this much hype)

It's the most appreciated movie in the last few months (2008), winning several awards at various film festivals all over the globe. So I was excited enough to the see it, expecting another movie which will be added in my "Movies to See Before You Die" list. No doubt it is one of the best movies of recent times but sadly I didn't find it worth adding my "Must See Movies" List and I will surely give you my reasons for that here in the end.Firstly talking about the movie, an interesting observation is that if the viewer is not told about who directed this flick, then, he is bound to take it as a movie made by an Indian or a person with an Indian origin. But surprisingly it is directed by "Danny Boyle" of 'Trainspotting' and '28 Days Later' fame. Though he has done a brilliant job but in my opinion he selected this subject and directed this movie keeping in mind the festival circuit and attention he would get because of the Indian touch and feel of the movie. You might get my point more clearly after watching it and reading my points at the end of this review.The story of this movie is about a young teenage boy winning millions at a TV Show (KBC of Indian Television) and how each question asked by the anchor has a relation to his past life. He knows most of the answers as all the questions have something similar to the circumstances of his real life. So the anchor at one point of time doubts that he may be cheating in the show. In order to investigate his loyalty, he is handed over to the police for one night, but nothing is found against him and he is allowed to play the game, the next final day.Each question put to him in the game show has a sequence attached to it in the screenplay which is well written and enjoyable. The growth of the children from a small age to their teenage youth is well executed. But the thrill which should have been there regarding the game is missing. May be it's because from the title itself you already know that the contestant is going to win. Moreover, the narration of the movie is more towards an artistic offbeat film (like that of "Salaam Bombay"), which reduces its chances of becoming a big hit in the Indian circuit (But may do well in multiplexes).Performances wise everybody does a fine job especially Dev Patel and all the child artists featuring in the movie. Their expressions and dialogue delivery has been directed perfectly and they never seem to be acting. Anil Kapoor, Irfan Khan, Saurabh Shukla & Mahesh Manjrekar are just fine doing their parts with nothing extra-ordinary to talk about. But they are lucky enough to get this project which has become world famous by now. One thing i couldn't understand was that why Anil Kapoor did not want the slum boy to win in his show and why he tried to give him the wrong answer. Camerwork showing the slums and riots is brilliant. In fact the opening scene is the most well shot sequence with all the kids running followed by the policemen.Musically, there are no full length songs in the movie and the soundtrack alone is more enjoyable separately. The best song is "Jai Ho" which was shockingly refused by Subhash Ghai for his movie "Yuvraaj". The background music is superb giving an ample support to the direction. A. R. Rahman gives another good score in this International project and has already won praises and awards, making his presence felt in the International Film & Music Circles. We are really proud to have him as a National Treasure.Now coming to the points why this movie could not impress me as expected and why it is not being added to my "Movies to See Before You Die" List.

I saw "Slumdog Millionaire" and i'm Indian. the movie was brilliant but i am very upset as the way Danny Boyle portrayed India. I mean some of the stuff was partly true but many many many things were just horrible. We are a country thats progressing and showing us as a nation filled with just cheats, prostitutes and mafia was not the best thing to do. i am a very proud Indian and i will accept the things that are true, but the movie just proved that everyone else just assumes that it is a country where either people run around trees and sing and dance in co-ordination or starve on the roads and dive into their own waste. people who don't understand some things shouldn't make movies that so blatantly abuse the country and it's people.Danny casted Dev Patel, who is a brilliant actor but for a person to portray a role like Jamal's you would at least pick an Indian actor. Which slum dweller has an accent??? i mean come on! The biggest mistake was the casting and there were many factual errors. Now what was good. the direction was brilliant. The entire cast was mind-blowing. Dev and Frieda are truly remarkable and will go a long way. Two very very enthusiastic thumbs-up. The soundtrack is one of A.R Rahman's best work. As a technical movie it was one of the best movies i have seen. But that's it. If you take away the technicals the movie is a very poorly planned out film. Sorry, but it's true.

Slumdog Millionaire is the story of Jamal Malik, a slum dweller from Mumbai and his travails that culminates in him landing as the winner of 20 million rupees in a game show and eventually joining is true love.As such, the movie is not a masterpiece or a piece of gem that has been conjured out of thin air. It is a Bollywood movie told Hollywood style.What makes 'Slumdog Millionaire' stand apart is that it is not the run of the mill story that we have been used to over the years. Even in projection of the poverty and the way of life in slums, there is a celebration of the manner in which their conditions are portrayed rather than merely making an attempt to provoke and elicit sympathy of the viewers.The big plus of the movie is its style of narration. Its racy, its engaging and it shifts from one frame to another so fast that your emotional curve will also keep hopping very quickly. Before you start to think of crying, you will be laughing, before you soak in the anguish of the pain or suffering of the characters, you will be intensely absorbed in what is about to unfold next.The movie, as it is originally derived from Vikas Swarup's novel, is a kind of page turner. The editing, screenplay has been woven so well to suit the medium of cinema and keep the interest level of the audience very high without letting them droop even for one moment.For all these reasons, Slumdog Millionaire is notable, yet it is these very reasons that don't make it a hardcore attempt at unraveling the layers of life of the Indian poor.And for the argument of those who say it is a commercial potboiler that exploits the story of the slums to make moolah, they cannot be more wrong. Nowhere has there been an attempt made to glorify the life of its characters in a manner such that it would be deemed as exploitative.Rahman's music is different and vibrant, but it is loud and glaring for the most part. Those who have been mesmerized by the dream music of Rahman will certainly feel it is not his best but who cares? Do the best works always fetch you awards? The awards are more of a recognition of Rahman's talent and it is high time the world took notice of the Mozart of Madras .Cinematography is painstakingly beautiful and suits that vacillating pattern in which the story unfolds. There is one factor that has sat pretty well for the movie though no one will ever want to fathom that connection. Mumbai has been in the news after the 26/11 attacks and so a film with Mumbai as its soul is bound to grab everyone's attention and surely it has grabbed the eyeballs of the Oscar jury by its retina can I say? Everybody in the film has done their role neatly but the pick of the lot was the boy who played the youngest of Jamal, the protagonist of the movie. With his natural performance, abundance of energy and mischievous smile, he steals the show.Go watch it, for it is path breaking in the sense that it will tell Bollywood film makers the way to tell enchanting stories minus the usual formula. Leave all your pretensions and see the film with an open mind and you are bound to enjoy it. After all who will not like to see the rise of an underdog?

I was hesitant to watch this movie but I am really glad I did! Being Indian, I have watched several Hindi movies and figured all the praise this movie was receiving was because it was different from any Hollywood movie. I thought the experience would not be as memorable for me and that it would be similar to some Bollywood movie I have watched in the past. I was dead wrong. This movie is in a league of its own... a truth people want to ignore. There are moments you want cry and moments you want to laugh. You really feel for the main protagonist, Jamal. His story is unbelievable.What makes your heart stir is the fact that his story of pain is not so fictional to several in Mumbai. This is not merely a story about Jamal on India's Who Wants to be a Millionaire... it's a story about a child who survived the worst obstacles of poverty. On a lighter note, the credits had a refreshing Indian dance typical to many Bollywood movies. It was moving how no one in the theater left. Everyone watched the dance while the credits were displayed.Overall, to say this movie is a must see is an understatement!!!

A movie that would touch your heart, and get you involved in the story.Superb work by actors,and great performance by Anil Kapoor. If you have ever been in love you will really like it. A realistic representation of the conditions of Indian slums. It is really a masterpiece from India.The movie was not much predictable ,except the end.The movie is about the life of a slum boy,who fights his way to find her childhood love.You will see some new faces of Indian cinema .The movie also shows the reality of reality shows.A must watch movie. You won't find any reason to dislike it.So go for it,its a really great performance by some young actors.....

Excellent direction by Danny Boyle and asst director Lavleen and superb screenplay 2 ...must watch for sum excellent performances by especially the children. .The youngest Jamaal,Salim and Lathika.. .I am pretty sure that the movie will be nominated for Oscars and even win it because this year very few good movies as this 1 has come up. The movie apart from drama and crime also has some excellent humor... .You have to appreciate the fact the hard-work the directors and the crew have taken to shoot the movie inside the dirty slums of Mumbai ..An extent what it's like for the poor kids that have to make it on the streets, it really gets to me.. I hope more people do see the movie because these kids don't have much of a voice in their own country, let alone the rest of the world, but movies like this give them one and it should be heard by everyone..A must watch movie for its excellent story line and screenplay........OK.

Danny Boyle does it again! While being grossly under-appreciated in Hollywood circles, this generation's answer to Frank Capra, Steven Spielberg and Francois Truffault has crafted yet another masterpiece for the Generations X and Y crowd, in the vein of "Trainspotting", "Millions" and "28 Days Later". With visuals reminiscent of "City of God", a soundtrack straight out of the hippest clubs of London and a tale which is both evocative of Charles Dickens (in it's depiction of the poor and the slums) and Sinclair Lewis (with his social commentary on "Progress" with a capital P), Boyle has finally brought India to mainstream Hollywood and North America. This film will become a historical document as Mumbai itself is the backdrop of the story and we witness the transformation of that city from 3rd world mega-city backwater, to being on the verge of becoming one of this century's financial and cultural hubs, along with Beijing and Dubai. As Asia takes center stage as it shakes off centuries of colonial-imposed self- doubt and lack of confidence, Boyle has masterfully delivered a narrative for the ages on the cost of progress, both morally and historically and on the redemptive power of true love. The cast of largely unknown actors were first-class with an exceptionally talented group of children. It may sound sad at first glance, a story about kids growing up in slums etc. but in actuality this is a film of exuberance, full of life, intensity and joy and to paraphrase Richard Corlis of Time, an ode to humanity. Don't wait for the DVD, see this on the big screen NOW! ( 10/10 )

It doesn't make sense that someone who succeeds on a game show (the Millionaire show) would succumb to beatings, torture and treatment as though he is a worthless dog due to suspicions of cheating. After all could not this person simply have been lucky in guessing the multiple choice questions correctly. We quickly realize how different things can be in a land different than our own.We do get a sense of the vastness of the country and how different it is than the west. Not only do we get this sense from the shocking way people are treated just from being of a lower class and from scenes of unfathomable squalor, but simply from the questions that are asked on the Millionaire show. When the basic, low value questions will be so obscurely vague to us if we are westerners, but are so rudimentary for Indians, and the hardest most obscure and highest value questions for the Indians are not that difficult for us, we realize the individuality of the country's culture, history and society. When a whole other world of a billion plus people can be obsessed by this person who might win it all, and we would never hear of him, we really feel the largeness of the world and how small we are in comparison.It is fast paced, lots of running and action packed. It seems a bit artificial as cheap thrills and raw entertainment took precedence over realism and a true immersion.The story could have simply been about life on the streets in India and what growing up was like for these "slum dogs". The cut to the millionaire aspects seems a bit gimmicky and almost oddly thrown in to make the movie more entertaining. It probably was more entertainment and crowd pleasing as a result of the Millionaire Show parts, but it did not create a more fulfilling cultural experience, as the best foreign films can be.

The Indian police are faced with a quandary: How could a street urchin from the slums of Mumbai accomplish what doctors and college graduates have been unable to do-win the Indian version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" This is the mystery at the heart of this feel-good fairy tale from director Danny Boyle,the man who directed such memorable classics as "Trainspotting","A Life Less Ordinary","Sunshine"(the Oscar winner of 2006),and was the helm behind the science fiction/horror thriller "28 Days Later". "Slumdog Millionaire" works on all levels as simply brilliant as a forerunner of the 2008 Oscar race for Best Picture. One question away from winning 20 million rupees,Jamal(Dev Patel)is arrested on the suspicion of cheating. In order how to explain how an uneducated orphan could know the answers to the questions faced on the show,Jamal is forced to recount his life story for his interrogators. He must provide them with explanations for each answer has has correctly given,up to the penultimate question.The real star of the film is the city of Mumbai which is gorgeously brought to life by Boyle's expert work. The overcrowded slums breathe energy into the film's atmosphere as the cameras careen in and out of the narrow streets of Mumbai's shantytowns. The city is characterized by extremes that define and parallel Jamal's life. Although each life-altering experience conveniently provides Jamal with the knowledge he needs later in life,the movie never feels overly contrived. The script weaves an engaging tale of penury,love and friendship. Jamal's life hurtles from extreme poverty to obscene wealth,but he is a character the audience will root for the entire way.The film is intentionally gimmicky. It really casts a life of horror and squalor as an upbeat love story. But because the film never tries to be anything but an entertaining rags-to-riches narrative,it succeeds beautifully in every detail. One of the year's best films of 2008.

I've seen hundreds of films about poverty and chasing dreams in my life,but this 'movie',if we can call it so,is the worst of them all!Interesting screenplay-absent.Charismatic and breathtaking actors' play-absent.Deep,conscious and involving director's work-absent!How did this movie get 8(!) Oscars?!I'm really frustrated!I thought that Academy members have good taste,but now I'm disappointed!By this work Boyle proved that he should better make movies about zombies!What for that dynamic edit?Did he forget that he's filming NOT a sequel for 28 Weeks Later?He's action director,but not dramatic.I think couple years of such judgment-and we can forget about prestige of Oscar!

Danny Boyle is easily up there with my favourite directors,he seems to catch real emotion and beauty in such everyday things, this film is beautifully shot and acted, it really is such a beautiful film. I really loved the format the idea of the film being set around who wants to be millionaire and with all the terrible things that had happened to the main characters being the reason they eventually broke free,it is so bittersweet at the end, the final scenes are so gripping, Also i loved the fact that it was so true to life,the characters, situations, settings, all real India! Watch this film - also really loved the dancing at the end !! Fab !! 'it rocks' !!!!

"Lacking in Nativity!!!, 6 January 2009 - 1/10 stars - Author: thirumurugan-k from United States - The language in which the characters speak is the soul of a movie. Cidade de Deus, Shichinin no samurai, Ladri di biciclette were made in native language and so the originality of the movie was intact even though I watched those movies with English subtitles. Slumdog millionaire is totally lacking on this aspect and it is definitely not a film to be rated in the top 250.I understand that the movie is made for western audience. But, It would have been better if the movie was made in Hindi and was released with subtitles to the western audience (similar to Lagaan)." ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Movies should be criticized as a whole - picking out one thing to criticize is just too shallow to be helpful! It's like criticizing the color of someone's clothes in a movie. You have to let the creators and director have some leeway in how they present the movie and what audience they are trying to reach. And such a criticism doesn't tell us much about why the reviewer thinks the movie should be poorly rated, it only tells us about his bias about one aspect of the film. If a reviewer can't approach a movie as a whole then what have they accomplished in their review? Only that they are reviewing a bias that their ego can't cope with. Give us a valid review or move on! Let's face it - it is pretty ridiculous (and superficial) to give a movie 1 star out of 10 based on how the soundtrack was presented language-wise.

Its an average movie. Its based on stereotypes, little bit realism, offensive, typical for ignorant idle Indian ESCAPIST mind like running away from classic divisions in India like skin color, religion, caste, over-hyped wishful thinking and bollywood rehash... I mean that book itself is a classic case of plagiarism or borrowed ideas.Technicalities (direction, cinematography, editing, music etc.) are good, but come on, technology is cheap now and all over the world movies are technically sound now.I will give it 6 out of 10.What is this hoopla about?

This movie is very stereotypical to India. Danny Boyle needs to visit India and see how it is himself. This movie would only be entertaining to empty-headed westerners who think the poverty is so bad that its cute. There will be westerners who may not like the stereotypical portrayal of slums in this film, however. That is good. Those people actually know India for what it is. I will be more than happy if I see those people fighting against this stereotypical crap. What angers me the most is how they are portraying the poverty in India. Children with poor clothing, covered with mud, my butt. This movie has very evil qualities in it. Training street children to beg esp. blinding them. Also kidnapping street girls and making them prostitutes. This god- awful stereotypical crap is so pretentious and evil. Worst of all the portrayal of another country without really knowing the country is BS

This is one of those films that are highly overrated. This movie is just plain boring and also at a very low artistic level. There is just nothing worthwhile in this film.Slumdog is based on the novel by Vikram Swarup, from which it deviates significantly (which Vikram Swarup confirmed). The movie seriously distorts the book. In the book, the protagonist is named Ram Mohammed Thomas, a name that represents both Paganism and Monotheism, and the religion of Ram remains unknown. But the movie changed his name to Jamal Malik, a fully Muslim name. Furthermore, in the movie Jamal's mother is killed by Hindus, while the Hindu god Rama presides over it. In short, the plot was changed into a "communalized", anti-Pagan plot. As Dr. Koenraad Elst observed in his review of this movie, "the effect is to drive the nail deeper into the coffin of Hinduism's former reputation for tolerance and confirm its newly crafted image as hateful and a threat to non-Hindus. " The movie was thus justifiably criticized also by India watchers Jeanne Devos, François Gautier, and Rajiv Malhotra, and in the review by Salman Rushdie, who didn't like it either.The director Danny Boyle once said that his boyhood dream was to become a missionary, and that the same spirit still influences him. Boyle also said that he made the film in part because he was unfamiliar with India - and it shows.It's a disgrace to the Academy that this movie won the Awards, when much better movies with India as a theme have not, like Wes Anderson's excellent "Darjeeling Limited". I also found Boyle's earlier film "Trainspotting" much overrated (watch "Another Day in Paradise" or "Drugstore Cowboys" instead of that crap).

I can't believe how ridiculously overrated this movie is! There is absolutely nothing of value here. The movie is an endless fest of violence, abuse, and aggression. Full of clichés, and totally over-the-top.I do not believe that this is an accurate portrayal of the less-fortunate in India.The plot holes were huge and plentiful. The whole movie feels pretentious.I did not think the acting was particularly good. And, for God's sake, why cast such unsuitable child actors? Is it possible that one can be so dark in their childhood, but when they grow up, their skin is at least 10 shades lighter? I don't think so.I did not feel any connection with any of the characters. They were so plastic and unnatural.I don't understand why this movie has received such tremendous praise. It's beyond me. I don't see anything remotely appealing about this boring atrocity.I don't think I've ever seen anything THIS lame and predictable. What is the point watching a movie, when you know exactly what and when is going to happen, and how it's going to end? The story is dull and not at all compelling. Total borefest.

This is a stellar movie, but not for the reasons one might expect. The acting is fair, with more seasoned actors Kapoor and Khan stealing the show from the leads. The screenplay sounds stilted at times. The plot is a bit flashy and hard to focus. What makes Slumdog a stellar movie is the portrayal of the Mumbai slums and the tenacity of the human spirit. This movie doesn't treat the slum dwellers as helpless victims--instead, it portrays the people of Juhu as full of energy and life, even as they struggle to survive. This movie also brings to light real-life tragedies such as child prostitution and the maiming of children to increase their value as beggars. Granted, it's unlikely that two children as traumatized as Jamal and Latika would end up looking like supermodels at VT station. Also, the movie took some liberties with the gangster-themed second half of the film, where Jamal's brother has become a powerful figure in the underworld. However, these considerations aside, this movie explodes with life and energy, beautifully portraying the triumph of love and the human spirit over great suffering and great evil.http://bitesizemoviereview.blogspot.com/

Slumdog Millionaire is set in Mumbai, India and tells the story of Jamal Malik, played by Dev Patel as an adult, Tanay Chheda as an adolescent, and Ayush Mehesh Khedekar as a child. Jamal was raised in the slums and is now one question away from winning 20 million rupees on India's version of "Who wants to be a Millionaire?". He is arrested and accused of cheating on the game show; during his violent interrogation, flashbacks are used as Jamal elaborates on how he knows the answer to each question. It is in these flashbacks you see the diminishing relationship Jamal has with his brother Salim, played by Madhur Mittal as an adult, Ashutosh Lobo Gajiwala as an adolescent, and Azharuddin Mohammed as a child, and a love story develop between Jamal and Latika, played by Freida Pinto as an adult, Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar as an adolescent, and Rubina Ali as a child.This movie, like so many others, follows the theme of a rags to riches story, one in which the main character beats the odds and strays from an "easy" lifestyle of gangs and violence. Jamal and his older brother Salim are left as orphans at a young age when their mother is killed during the riots. This is when they meet Latika, and take her in. The trio is tricked into working for a gangster as singing street beggars. This lifestyle came natural for Salim who has been a rebel his entire life, while Jamal and Latika struggle.Salim and Jamal are separated from Latika several times throughout the film, but Jamal's goal throughout is to find her and run away with her. Years later, after Jamal is estranged from his brother and has a legitimate job working as a tea server at a call center; Jamal has the opportunity once again to find his brother and Latika. He meets with his brother, who went down a different path, and is now working for a gangster. Salim helps Jamal find Latika, who is now living with the gang leader and treated as his servant. Jamal tries to persuade her to run away with him, although in her attempt she is apprehended by Salim and other gangsters and drug back to her home with a knife at her throat. Jamal gets the idea to go on "Who wants to be a Millionaire?" because he knew Latika was a fan, and it was another attempt at reconnecting. I will let you watch the film to see if his attempt was successful.This movie is very similar in theme to City of God, a 2002 film directed by Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund. Both follow the lives of two boys as they grow and take separate paths facing adversity. Although, City of God is based on a true story out of Rio de Janeiro, both films I believe accurately reflect the struggle young children face growing up in impoverished circumstances.The editing of this film I think was very successful in creating a flow that was not only easy to follow, but created suspense. Inside/out editing was used during the opening scene in which you see Jamal on the game show, and then it goes to a close up of his him being tortured. Gradually you back up and understand why he is being tortured and by who. This at the very beginning I thought was a very useful tactic because it immediately had me interested and wanting to continue watching to get the full story. Flashbacks and vertical wipes were also used to transition between scenes which I felt were very smooth and natural. The flashbacks were on the screen so fast, it was as if it I was having the memory, and the wipes were used as a slower transition when Jamal really had to think about his answer to the game show questions. These slower transitions let the emotions really sink in as to how Jamal may have felt during the flashback and at the moment on the game show; truly allowing the viewer to feel and understand the struggles Jamal was faced with.The sound effects and music used in the film I also felt were handled very successfully. The invisible sounds that were used gave the film a sense of reality. In one scene, the boys are camped out in a landfill, in which you can hear the cows and fly's buzzing. This influenced my thoughts of not only temperature but also the smell and created for me an idea of the horrible living conditions they were in. The music also created a sense of reality for me. It was traditional Indian music, which is very important to that culture. It flowed perfectly with the action of every scene and created suspense at times. As the boys were running through the alleys from the cops at the air field, the music emphasized the fear and chaos going on in the scene.The first time I watched the film, I wasn't honestly impressed because I thought it was to very far-fetched and very coincidental. Although, after watching it again and noticing the small details that really reflected the characters struggle, made me rethink and appreciate what the director was trying to portray. I realized it's not just about how Jamal overcame odds but his will to fight.

A young man (Dev Patel) appears on the Indian version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" He wins, but is quickly suspected of cheating because of his lower-class background. But he is able to explain how he knows each and every answer.The film is directed by Danny Boyle, who had previously dazzled audiences with a wide variety of films including "Trainspotting" and "28 Days Later". This took his status as "great" and pushed it up over the top, into Oscar status...The film is, on the surface, the story of one man who strikes it rich. But this is, of course, not the real story: it is an exposition of India and Indian culture, showcasing the poverty that runs rampant there in the world's largest democracy. We see piles of trash, pits for excrement, and more unsavory things being just a part of life for the people in this film. Having one of the biggest economies may not mean much when you also have an overpopulation problem.I love the rocking soundtrack with a distinct Indian flavor, but also plenty of suspense and energy. And not just in the music... will he or will he not win the money? There is no doubt this deserved to be noticed by the Academy. In fact, Danny Boyle's earlier films deserved to be more than the cult films they have become. But better late than never, I suppose. Please do yourself a favor and see this film.

Slumdog Millinair is just a great movie. I don't understand people who say its a comedy. Its really not! If your not a shallow person and have a little bit of a brain and sympathy for people in bad situations you will take this movie serious. The story of little Jamal and his "bad" brother growing up in the slums and what happens in Jamals and his girlfriend's live is like a hit into your face. The thing thats even more sad is the fact that whats happening in the movie is something thats happening daily in reality in Mumbay or other cities in India.(and around the world)Yes, it has Bollywood influence with the way, but if you think its a regular Bollywood Movie than your wrong.

So here we come to 'Slumdog Millionaire'.The rating is high because of acting and screenplay. But coming down to the real basics, the music of the film got Oscar, is still not the best of A.R. Rehman , check out 'Dil se', 'Taal', etc. to know what good music is all about.Why it got Oscars ?Headline tells you the story.The movie starts in a police interrogation room and takes you through numerous small stories of Jamal's life, touching all nooks and corners of problems in India, the dark gallows of beggar rackets to bhai's of Mumbai who dictate the terms in real estate markets there. The religion problem was not missed either, not even the irresponsible call centers and yes the good America also made an appearance :P.The movie makes a happy ending after all this hustle and bustle.Sadly enough all this is true, but hey people there is much more to the country than what this movie tells you. The only advice of mine please see it with an open mind and don't stereotype the movie, it has a more subtle message to send which very few will catch. It talks about hope and it talks about growth, it talks about change and it talks about triumph. A good one time watch with some strokes of comedy as well.So people have a ball watching this, though your views might differ from mine the movie is not as good as it has been put on to be.

Case and point. Bolly wood is twenty to thirty years behind Hollywood. It basically copies 80s movies/TV and poor rap/tecno. Quite frankly it sucks. So, SlumDog... Great, or another Bollywood blunder. Well this movie is done well for its back grounds. It seems to mix Forest Gump with a game show. There are small differences, but not much from a far. Except this movie has huge plot holes that everyone seems to forget. Even the professional critics. This movie is a good movie, but not a great one.The movie starts with a young Indian man being accused of cheating on Who wants to be a millionaire. So they go through how he knows the answers. This is not a spoiler, thats the movie. See my disappointment. But I was told the directing was what made it. Hmmmm. I didn't see that. Terantino in Pulp Fiction was what made it. But this is well directed. I don't care what awards it own. Titanic won before, and other big budget movies won that don't deserve a thing. So those who oppose me here, look at this. Each question was asked in chronological order to when he knew the answer. No matter what your interpretation is, thats crap. How, how does that happen? Further more his brother would help him, after all that happens. And the way it happens reminds me of a stupid 70s action movie. Not even fitting with the character. The ending seems like it couldn't happen and is unexplainable. I mean if you won would you be in a train terminal? You can't excuse these problems, and there is more. What left is the struggle of a Slumdog. I think thats why Americans like it. They can't believe that there is a place like that. So thank the directors India for making you look like a third word country who dosn't care for your people. Its ashame, because the film makers don't try to use it for this effect. They obviously wanted a more dramatic appeal. Like Hollywoods Boy N the Hood, or gangster movies. So instead of the problem at hand, the actors, producers, and directors capitalize on the very people they are portraying. This movie seems like a good movie, but when up against debate brittle. But, in reality it should be a ashamed of it self. Oh and like all Bollywood crap this movie features crappy dancing at the end. Why is there dancing in a drama like this? Could you imagine at the end of Shawshank, Freeman and Robins dancing? I think it would lose points. Under first impression you could be thinking this a decent movie, but give a chance and the crappy direction and righting gleams through.

It wasn't a bad movie really in my opinion but it seems way overrated... Watched it, and after all the awards and praise I was hoping for something to blow my mind or at least be extremely entertaining, instead I got a solid 7. Compared with City of God (which is similar in many aspects) this can't really hold its ground. For one because the first was actually based on a true story and thus also written and filmed believable from the start up to the end and it was a movie depicting things as they really are (albeit maybe a little flashy) and focusing on the life story of one individual in the middle of it all, as opposed to Slumdog, which mainly focuses on the "Who is Gonna Be A Millionaire"-show (seemingly to be more appealing to the western civilization and TV viewers) all around... No surprise with shows like "American Idol" and "Dancing With the Stars" leading the ratings in the US and in some cases International TV, while shows with brains get the axe by the minute. If you want to view it as a "mirror" into Indian culture etc. I guess it was okay, but again it focused too much on the show and the respective answers. There are movies with a more... subtle approach that I liked more and imo succeeded better in doing that, e.g. Darjeeling Limited for example... Also there were some cringe worthy moments like the flashbacks near the end, how he couldn't answer some of the more simple general questions, but somehow "circumstances" allowed him to answer questions in the show, and how winning just by coincidence saves ones entire life and is something to be admired, a few of those ruined it even more for me... An okay movie, but 8 Oscars and so much international acclaim? (While City of God didn't get one) I smell something fishy xD

I won't deny, this was a pretty good movie, but it definitely did not deserve to win Best Picture. It has some good themes on love and struggle through life, but it doesn't really evoke any strong emotions from you.The movie was made well, good editing, some really funny scenes, some very dramatic scenes, but nothing that will leave you completely awestruck. It is original with a pretty good plot line, but not the best. There were other movies that came out in 2008 that deserved that Oscar more than this one. A Best Picture movie is one that you will watch over and over because you were either extremely entertained or deeply moved by it. This movie has both qualities, entertainment and deep thought, but in moderation. It's really more of a cheeky romance drama than it is a tale of struggle.Conclusion: I recommend watching this movie, but assure you that you will agree, it is far from the best, and you will probably only watch it once.

This is an imaginative film that uses the much beaten flashback technique in an unusual way -- as part of a TV competition. The direction is first rate and clearly deserves the Oscar that it got. The acting is also very good, the youngest Jamal and Salim emerging as absolute gems. Main actor Dev Patel is excellent if a bit static at times, seeming constantly puzzled by events around him (then again, had I won 20 million rupees I'd probably look puzzled too! And with a beauty like that to share it with...) The photography is of a very high caliber indeed and it helps convey an image of India that reflects its physical beauty but also reveals many of its shortcomings, especially from a human standpoint. The film laudably does not shy away from depicting the ways children are used, including maiming them so they are more valuable as potential beggars. I was not so sure about the brothers symbolizing the division between Muslims and Hindus but all credit to the film for raising it. Slumdog Millionaire boasts some sound action sequences -- the one involving Salim killing Maman is particularly well done if hard to swallow -- and, in contrast, some fine comic relief moments that help make it a riveting flick throughout. I saw some reviews that compared it to "City of Angels" - Cidade de Deus -, in some cases calling it a copy of that Brazilian film. In truth, I think the point of contact between the two films is that they happen in the slums of their respective cities, otherwise they differ, principally in terms of character building and narrative technique.Ultimately, I felt I had watched an engrossing and intelligent film that provided an exciting example of globalization and cooperation across cultural boundaries and which might well serve as a blueprint for the future of movie-making.

On the face of it, this British made film (winner of a best picture Oscar) sounds a terrible mixture of unbelievable melodrama, full of improbable coincidences, and western condescension. A teenage boy, raised on India's awful slums, manage to win millions in a tacky quiz show by answering all the questions, neither of them terrible hard. He knows the answers, not from having read about them, but from having learned in life about them (for example, he knows who invented the revolver from a shootout he was once involved). From the first scene, where the protagonist is tortured with electric wires to find out if he's a cheat, to the very end, when his lifelong female friend crosses a busy street to reach a cell phone in order to tell him in extremis the answer that will let him win the show, the whole film is ridiculous, sentimental, manipulative, condescending...and yet, this film is nowhere as bad as it sounds, and despite all its low punches, it is eminently watchable. Maybe this has to do with the actor's earnest performances, but this film ends up reaching a deeper emotional chord than it should have. Recommended with reservations.

The movie starts off very well, MIA/AV Rahman's O'Saya (MIA was robbed of an Oscar for this) kick starts the movie with the kids ....young Jamal in particular and the ride starts....Its an amazing beginning for this ride....Like a 747 taking off that requires maximum thrust at take off, the song "O'Saya" and its intensity was what gave the lifting thrust along with the cute kids running with equal intensity . I have never seen a movie that started with such a bang. However, it peters out soon and by the time the adult Jamal's is in the story, it becomes a cheesy film to tie the lose ends.The good thing I liked about this was the showcasing of the slums as it is for real. The slums and the extreme poverty in India is the work of the congress party (The liberal left). they have ruled India almost 85% of the time since independence and this is what they have to show for it. China seems to have done so much better. India's liberal lefties have failed India miserably. It's time to stop India's anarchy (disguised as liberty) and get a China like government in place to clean up the mess.Recently New Delhi Municipal did not allow new slums to be built in the city...and the left was out in full force demanding the right of poor migrants from rural areas to live wherever they want. India's left help build these slums. and then they have the audacity to point it out and tell the world..."hey look... these poor people are living in slums" while they have controlled India for the most part(government).so at least we got to see that.There is also this interesting thread in this story. The relationship between Jamal and his "evil" brother Salim. This was fascinating. Salim was not an one dimensional character. Salim has let down his younger brother a few times...but where it mattered, Salim came through for his brother. Jamal knew it when he tried to explain to Latika that his brother would help them. He knew his brother.One more thing I did not care for, was the originally story (Q&A) had a pedophile Christian priest exploiting the kids. This was conveniently left out of the story and the "Hindus" killing the Muslims was introduced that was not in the original story. India is a country where you hear Islamic terrorism almost every month. This was PC at its worst.So all in all there were some very nice parts...particularly the kids. They were amazing. I guess, its worth at least one watch for the kids performance.There are couple of songs that you may want to download for your ipods.1. O'Saya (MIA and A V Rahman) 2. Paper Planes (MIA)

For films such as Slumdog Millionaire, it can oft be hard to distinguish just what the director behind the project was intending to provoke from their audience. On the one hand, Slumdog tells a compelling and mostly interesting rags-to-riches story topped off with a sugar coated ending with extra sprinkles that- while notably hammy- doesn't cross over into absurdity. Yet it also tries to tell another tale alongside it, this time revolving around a romance that never quite takes off in the way that director Danny Boyle wishes it to. Boyle, who up to this point is known for his sensually driven works, surprisingly hasn't touched upon romance at least in the quantity and focus as to which Slumdog Millionaire implies; unfortunately, this lack of experience on his part shows throughout. So although the majority of the feature remains as a somewhat uplifting and compelling drama on base level, a distinct lack of focus in characterisation and chemistry stops the movie from ever going beyond its ostensible ideas and generic façade. In the end I found myself moved more by what Slumdog wanted to say rather than what it did say.Taking place largely in flashback mode, Slumdog Millionaire tells the story of Jamal Malik (Dev Patel, Ayush Mahesh Khedekar, Tanay Chheda), a- well- "slumdog". Born in the slums and raised for the most part as an orphan, Jamal is a quiet, well-intentioned boy with a big heart and even bigger eyes for opportunity and beauty. It isn't long before he spots Latika (Freida Pinto, Rubiana Ali, Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar) and from here on in it would seem the story writes itself. From here the script moves in and out of telling a mystery thriller seeped in slow paced drama, and diverging upon a romance which feels forced and laboured.A much more compelling element within Slumdog's narrative however lies in the way in which the story is framed within a retelling of the protagonist's chance of lifetime on game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire?. This otherwise gauche framing device serves as a surprisingly effective way in which to chop up Jamal's childhood and teenage life into its most digestible pieces without seeming too contrived, whilst also paving way for the movie's big finale which makes the most out of the slow building momentum of the first two acts. The result of this clashing between engaging drama and forgettable romance is jarring however; there are times when Slumdog soars and times when it gets downright irksome.One thing that usually remains as something to look forward to within a Danny Boyle feature however lies within its aesthetics. Taking place entirely within the impoverished areas of India, the movie establishes strong images and motifs throughout which in turn further the film's emotional and psychological connections with the viewer. From the patched, duct-taped, second-hand nature of everything, the world of Slumdog Millionaire entices ideas of existentialism not just through its protagonist's story but through the environment in which he exists. This, coupled with a magnificent score and soundtrack which more often than not gives the movie its biggest and most memorable sequences, provide a sensual experience that one now comes to expect when greeted by the name Danny Boyle.I couldn't help but wish that such ideas and care were taken with the remainder of the feature however; especially concerning the romance played out by the lead performers. Boyle, who is inexperienced to some degree in handling such dynamics, doesn't do much to provide any interest in the protagonist's love interest- it's clear that youthful, whimsical love is certainly implied within the constructs of this average romance and yet it is never truly shown. This generic approach to storytelling inevitably hurts Slumdog to the point that many of its sequences which draw heavily upon this much needed chemistry fall on their face. The actors themselves are fine and able- and provide excellent performances in all other respects- but as a pair, there just isn't enough to invest in.This in turn brings me to my final conclusion on what is essentially a mixed bag of engaging drama and tepid fairytale; Slumdog Millionaire is a fine picture- it provides a heart-warming story with all its intentions in the right places, and yet it doesn't ever convince in its ability to connect with the viewer. What results is a lukewarm, temporal pleaser, but certainly not one to be cherished for years to come.A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)

Director Danny Boyle's Trainspotting is one of my all time favourite movies, and Mr Wroe's Virgins was a stunning piece of television, so I'm possibly a little biased, but this is one of the better films I've seen in the last twelve months.I've seen this movie criticized by American reviewers as being a sanitized version of Indian poverty, then seen it criticized online as portraying India as a 'third world dirty underbelly', it's been criticized for being patronizing and insulting to an entire nation (India) and for showing too much dire poverty - and too little. In fact on one page of comments on IMDb I've seen it described as horrifying for the poverty and abuse it portrays and horrifying for its pandering to stereotypes, as simplistic, clichéd, racist, graphically violent, cynically exploitative and naive! In other words it appears to have upset both ends of the spectrum of opinion - so it has to be doing something right.Personally, I really enjoyed Slumdog Millionaire. There is absolutely nothing wrong with an occasional feel good, happy ending to a movie, especially a movie which is fairly well written, has a good story arc with a beginning, a middle and an end, and satisfying performances. This one just happens to be a feel good movie set in India, and it's not directed by an Indian film maker (although the book it's based on was written by an Indian national). But since when has it been such a big deal for people to make films outside their own countries? It happens all the time. Having said that, as with any feel good, happy ending, it pays to bear in mind that life is rarely like that. Still - nothing wrong with a bit of dreaming every once in a while. This is one of the few movies I've seen recently where I didn't slump into my seat with a disappointed sigh and the feeling that I've seen it all before. Slumdog Millionaire offered this particular jaundiced movie fan a new story and a fresh set of actors, far removed from the usual line up of Hollywood 'stars' and over paid, over exposed media darlings. I'd give it a pretty high score just for presenting some fresh new talent to the world. It's not a complex story; Jamal and his brother Salim have grown up poverty stricken in Mumbai. Somewhere along the line Jamal met and lost the love of his life. Many years later he gets an opportunity to appear on the wildly popular TV show Who Wants to be a Millionaire? He succeeds despite being an uneducated "Slumdog" and Char Wallah because every question refers him back to a situation in his past life. By appearing on TV and transfixing the whole nation, Jamal connects once more with his lost love, and everyone lives happily ever after, the movie ending with a Bollywood production number. I appreciate that on the whole Indians don't spring into song and dance routines at major railway termini. Dev Patel gives a lovely performance as Jamal. Dev can be seen in "Skins" on BBC America if anyone is interested. Also quite fabulous is Anil Kapoor as the condescending game show host. I thoroughly enjoyed Slumdog for the straightforward, uncomplicated piece of entertainment that it is. Good luck at the Oscars guys!

I thoroughly enjoyed this film. It's premise, that the various events in the tough life of a kid from the slums of Mumbai enable him to know all the answers on "Who wants to be a Millionaire?" is brilliant and Danny Boyle translates this idea to the screen very well.Although overrall this is unashamedly a feelgood movie and the ending is fairly predictable this doesn't mean that it doesn't pack a few tough punches as it depicts life of the poor in India. Boyle has said that once he arrived in India he went the flow and surrendered to the hectic pace of life in Mumbai. This is shown in a number of excellent scenes in the shanty towns of the city.The performances are all excellent particularly from the child actors in the first half of the film and from Amil Kapoor as the quiz show host. I'd definitely recommend this film to anyone.

Slumdog Millionaire! With this picture's world-wide success, the director, the cast and maybe the whole crew have gained world-wide fame. They are the real slumdog millionaire now, maybe the slumdog multi-millionaire! It's a fabulous picture. It's a nebulous picture that I have not seen for years. I cannot remember clearly when the whole world's movies became darker and darker(even Harry Potter is becoming dark).There is no rules that only show the dark and bad side of human can make a movie outstanding. Sometimes, we human-beings need something to encourage ourselves. Yes, Slumdog Millionaire did it. Just insist on what you believe in and do the right thing, you will be the slumdog millionaire.

I absolutely love this film. From the first minutes to the last seconds, it was breathtakingly beautiful and heartbreaking all at the same time. Danny Boyle manages to capture the hectic chaos, noise, dirt, colour, vibrancy, dark and light of a Mumbai slum alongside the scenic beauty of modern India. Jamal's story is shadowed by poverty and the grimy underbelly of gangsters and guns from a very early age yet positivity always comes out from the path of unspeakably terrible things and you are left uplifted just as our protagonist is. Throughout his life, his love for Latika, the slum girl we see huddled in a puddle, shivering in a thunderstorm, brings him through whatever happens to him, and drives him to seek her out and draw them back together. The Millionaire premise is what opens and closes the film, like a bookend, the film is open and shut with the same feelings and thoughts. Happiness and love can push you through any despair. In watching this, the day to day despair you feel is infinitely superseded by the misery that Jamal and his companions have to got through, yet it is their youthful outlook to never let anything get them upset, that makes them so amazing and reminds you that as a Western world, we are incredibly self-centred and over-concerned with what is trivial, greedy for more and more when people with nothing have the ability to live each day content with the small things. The young Jamal, Salim and Latika's acting is outstandingly believable and it feels like you are an outside observer dropping in on their lives, rather than viewing a script. I cannot recommend you this film enough. The soundtrack gives me goosebumps and the trailer brings tears to my eyes. If you enjoyed City of God, you will love Slumdog Millionaire. A secret venture into the lives of people that we don't hear about enough, and that are so much more real than any of the other Hollywood blockbusters around. Truly worthy of an Academy Award. My only regret is that I didn't audition for this...

Slumdog Millionaire is a journey; a trip down an individual's memory lane as he recounts the struggles in his life that has, ultimately, given him his opportunity to win big amidst struggles to do with the fact he is suspected of cheating. The film is of the humbling variety, the uplifting and of the downbeat for good measure  chances are you'll laugh; chances are you'll cry and the chances are you'll feel most everything else in-between. English director Danny Boyle has created something that throws just about everything into the mix, but arises as something far, far more than a disposable gimmick. The film's visual approach is one that teeters between the chaotic and the calm, pausing for those tense and dramatic moments of thought and recollection whilst nicely integrating the urgent scenes of chase and memory recollection. The film's pacing and approach is one of a careful nature, one that criss-crosses numerous genres yet remains focused on its study.Boyle identifies the route the film is going to go down in the opening few shots. After an establishment that we are in India, 2006; Boyle presents us with two extremes immediately announcing the overall tone of the film. Jamal Malik (Patel) sits in a chair in an interrogation room and is hit around the face as he is questioned in urgent, close up format. Running parallel with this and in the past tense, he is sitting in another chair  the self-proclaimed 'hotseat' - attempting to win big on India's 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' quiz show. Still being grilled and still the central figure of ridicule from the host and the audience, he wades onward.The juxtaposition of being interrogated and electrocuted as a part of that, twinned with the fun; seemingly good natured; rather upbeat and familiar setting of the 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?' television studio is an instant and sticking one. Boyle manages to get across the range of emotions he'll deliver in the film, often all within a short space of time, as well as establish the manipulation of time that he hopes to accomplish.Needless to say, he achieves it and how. Frequently, there will be passages during which the film will flicker from something quite light hearted to real potential danger and then back again to the television studio as the tension is racked up to do with being the focus of attention. Some incidences include, very early on, when Jamal and some other boys from the slums play cricket on a runway and happily play away despite the immediate danger from landing planes. This activity is then interrupted by hostile guards who pose a new danger but then the kids seem to have fun in escaping.The film is an account, an account of times past by someone who many deem to be in a position they do not feel is possible. The primary theme is underestimation, that a 'slumdog' as Jamal is called, cannot possibly know anything and thus, when he's on the brink of cracking the show's top prize he must've cheated. But the accusers do not know any better. All through Jamal's life, incidences and objects have forced him to pick up on tidbits of trivia that have stuck and on the quiz show, it has aided him in getting as far as he has. The delving into the past as a new question arises consistently offers a refreshing tale within an initially gripping premise. During the film, we learn of his brother and his predicaments as well as the scraps, jobs and potential love interests he finds himself in offering a range: from the humorous, to the touching, to the downright creepy.Jamal sits opposite Prem Kumar (Kapoor), the game's host. They aren't in direct competition despite the banter they share but the study is quite clear and that is to do with what's on the surface and what's below it. Nobody believes a 'slumdog' could get to where they are in the game but through Jamal's accounts, it is possible; whereas Prem comes across as a friendly and upbeat television personality who's game for a laugh although backstage, we see him for what he really is. This is the key distinction between the two and the chief study for these sequences: underestimation and what is on the surface vs. what is below the surface.Although essentially a love story and a film that strongly believes in its themes of fate, the film doesn't concentrate on any particular aspect too much or too little thus creating a mystical aura as all these emotions and events and so forth flash by, dragging you through each of them but always giving you a chance to absorb what's being presented. The liberties to do with the questions being presented to him in the chronological order of his life anyway did not bother me, nor did the fact they paused for a commercial break during a live question. Slumdog Millionaire is effective dramatically and touching at the other times it needs to be; tapping into hope and the errors of people's ways when labelling a certain 'type' of individual. It is certainly worth a look.

"Slumdog Millionaire" uses a clever narrative strategy to tell the life story of Jamal Malik, an 18-year-old former slum kid, and at first, that was one of the things I liked best about the movie. When Jamal wins ten million rupees on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", the police don't believe he could have done it without cheating, so he must explain how he came to know the answers. Cue a series of flashbacks of Jamal's life, each of them incorporating the answer to one of the game show questions. It's an innovative way to tell a story, and the flashbacks are all exciting and dramatic. Jamal has confronted murderous religious mobs, sinister orphanage-keepers, and tough modern gangsters in his young life.But the suspense disappears somewhat when you realize that no matter how much filth and poverty Jamal encounters, no matter how many villains pursue him, he will survive to appear on the game show. Furthermore, it becomes increasingly clear that Jamal's story is a fairy tale, and that destiny is going to work in mysterious but positive ways to make sure that everything turns out all right.Thus "Slumdog Millionaire" works better as a tour of modern India than as a story about Jamal Malik. There is a terrific montage sequence set on a train, an interlude at the Taj Mahal, and some thought-provoking scenes of the gentrification of Mumbai. Meanwhile, the movie also gives an un-sugarcoated look at some of India's major social ills: religious conflict, extreme poverty, and prostitution/exploitation. Danny Boyle manages to fit this all together by directing everything in an exuberant, colorful, quick-cutting style. Even the subtitles are playful and color-tinted! (Most of the film is in English, except for the scenes where Jamal is a very small child and speaks Hindi.) Dev Patel, who plays Jamal at 18, has an open, innocent face and frequently seems a little out of his depth. This quality is useful during the game-show scenes, when Jamal is in the hot seat and dazed by his own success. But he otherwise seems like a nice suburban kid: someone who witnessed the horrors that the younger Jamal has seen should be both grittier and more soulful. The same goes for Freida Pinto, who plays Jamal's love interest Latika: she is a very pretty young woman but hard to believe as a former street waif. Additionally, Latika is not given much of a personality, which makes the love story hard to really cheer for.Ultimately, "Slumdog Millionaire" failed to move me, despite how hard it tried to do so. The flashy cinematography and propulsive action made the movie fun to watch, but also made it difficult to connect emotionally with the characters. And although the movie is meant to be the inspiring story of an underdog who triumphs, it makes clear that Jamal succeeds because destiny has chosen to smile upon him. He's a good-hearted and sympathetic boy, but a passive character in his own life. "Slumdog Millionaire" wants us to think "It's OK that Jamal suffered all these hardships, because it enabled him to win millions of rupees and the girl of his dreams," but what about all the other Indian slum kids who suffer with no hope of relief, whom Fate has not chosen to favor?

Danny Boyle has certainly made his share of worthy films since his first offering, 'Shallow Grave',in 1994, to be followed up by 'Trainspotting' the following year. Despite one clinker (28 Days), he has managed to earn my respect as a talented director. 'Slumdog Millionaire' is just another hands down winner for Boyle. The film concerns a homeless "Chai Wallah" (tea dispenser)who manages to get himself on India's equivalent to 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire'. The film works within the frame work that it's believed that he is cheating, and is carted off to the local police department for a confession (under some brutal torture). Within the use of flashbacks, we find out about just how he got to where he is. The film's cast includes actors known from Bollywood musicals,including some others recruited from their work in Indian television. The romance angle also works,as well. This is a film that manages to evoke a myriad of emotions for the central character. It has a certain Charles Dickens feel to it,as well as a rough & tumble inner city drama (think in terms of 'City Of God'). Rated 'R' by the MPAA, this film serves up some brutal violence & rough language,as well as some unpleasant child abuse. Okay for older teens,but you may want to leave the younger children out of it.

There are times when we look back on the Oscars and wonder how certain films won over others. Not in the 2009 Oscars; it's still clear today that "Slumdog" deserved its win.Things that make this film stand out in particular are its unconventional method of storytelling, the spellbindingly saturated cinematography, the breakneck editing and general pacing, and most of all, its overall message, which feels incredibly hopeful for a movie filled with so much darkness.
It had been a while since I'd seen this movie, so when it was requested as a review I was more than happy to sit down and watch it again. Honestly, I enjoyed it more than I remembered. I had forgotten about some of the moments of darkness, and some other moments of humor. Watching it again was a treat. Though there are some melodramatic moments, it more than makes up for it with the beautiful cinematography and message. This story is one that makes the audience cheer for the characters to be together, and then it rewards them greatly.

A movie that provides us with some really emotional moments, a youthful adventure, a captivating showing of poor Indian life and a powerful story of love. True love how it should probably be felt and shown if the world was perfect - a strong feeling for a person, who you love and don't give up on since your childhood. The movie has a few banal or simple strings in it, but the strong qualities mightly overpower the weak ones. This is a good and inspiring picture.

Slumdog Millionaire is a movie about the injustices of India towards the lower class and women, but first and foremost it's a story of love and destiny. Which might sound cheesy, but the film makers made sure that would not be the case, as the love story is ultimately kicked, pushed and pulled through harsh real life situations.On the contrary to many American romantic movies, where the main characters love story is often unoriginal and bland, this one displays love in a new environment. An environment that suffers from male abuse and major economic gaps between the rich and poor, as well as child abuse and police violence. As a whole, this movie shows life in another part of the world than we're used to, which is not only important to eliminate stereotypes and xenophobia, but also to illustrate that love exists everywhere and can find its path in more ways than one.However, if this film were to be purely political, it wouldn't be as entertaining or moving; luckily it isn't. Getting to follow Jamal on his life story we form an emotional bond with the character as well as with his brother Salim and his one true love Latika. It makes the statements matter even more and emphasises the message.Though this film isn't a cinematic masterpiece, the directing and editing sometimes felt a little to fast paced (and shaky-cam and quick editing is to be used carefully as it sometimes can take the importance out of a significant moment, though it mostly fit in this film) and the acting isn't phenomenal, the point is that it doesn't need to be. The story alone is enough to move, stimulate and leave viewers more than satisfied.When all comes together, this movie isn't a masterpiece, nor is it the best film of all time. What it is however, is a marvellous depiction of life in India and a story of how love can survive even the toughest of conditions. It simply is one of those movies, every once in a while, you need to watch to feel that not everything in the world is bad, despite all the racism, xenophobia, sexism and many more injustices. It shows that in the end, and always, love is victorious.

Absolutely excellent. An emotional roller coaster with a satisfying conclusion.

Its overated why did This won best Oscars why fuck i am Done
