
The Favourite, the seventh feature from Greek auteur Yorgos Lanthimos, is a film that eschews both convention and expectation. On the other hand, it's also Lanthimos's most accessible by a country mile. A savage morality play, a camp comedy of manners, a Baroque tragedy, an allegorical study of the corruptive nature of power - it's all of these and yet none of them. A film I liked but didn't love, on the one hand, it's too long, the plot too threadbare, and the metaphors and allegories too ill defined. On the other, the acting is flawless, it looks amazing, the first half is very, very funny, and the end is very, very dark, with the last shot one of the most haunting/disturbing images I've seen in a long time.Set in England in 1708, the film tells the story of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough (an icy Rachel Weisz) and one-time scullery maid Abigail Hill (Emma Stone, charting a course from doe-eyed ingénue to vicious Machiavellian intrigant) and their increasingly bitter rivalry for the affections of Queen Anne (an absolutely mesmerising Olivia Colman), and is the first film Lanthimos has directed which neither he nor Efthymis Filippou wrote (the script was originally written by Deborah Davis in 1998 and later refined by Tony McNamara). Although it deals with real historical personages and events, historians probably won't be too thrilled to learn that Lanthimos is relatively uninterested in either historical actuality or socio-political contextualisation (to say nothing of the slam dancing). This is a story about a love triangle, with everything else just the background noise against which that triangle plays out.And it is most definitely a Yorgos Lanthimos film, with his peculiar Weltanschauung omnipresent. The emotionless and monotone delivery of dialogue has been scaled back considerably from The Lobster (2015) and The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017), but everything else you'd expect is here - the pseudo-omniscient judgemental glare; the dark absurdist humour; the formal rigidity; the emotional isolation of the characters; the surrealism; the games of psychological one-upmanship; the alienation of the audience; the thematic centrality of shifting power relations; the lack of distinction between poignancy and joviality; the use of self-contained and closed off pocket universes where characters must play by rules differing from those of the outside world; intimate familial conflict (except in bigger rooms than in his previous films); and a disorienting score. Similarly, whilst The Lobster was a savage dystopian-set allegory for discipline and conformity, The Favourite is a merciless satire of decadence and pettiness, taking in such additional themes as class, gender, love, lust, duty, loyalty, partisan politics, patriarchal hegemony, and women behaving just as appallingly as men.As one would expect from Lanthimos, the film is aesthetically flawless, with many of the compositions having the appearance of a fête galante painting, so meticulously integrated are Sandy Powell's costume design, Fiona Crombie's production design, and Robbie Ryan's cinematography. Powell's costumes are historically inaccurate, but thematically revealing, with the situation of the characters at any given moment directly influencing the design, especially in relation to Abigail as she climbs the social ladder. In a more general sense, the black-and-white colour scheme of much of the wardrobe contrasts magnificently with Crombie's predominantly brown production design, with the actors effortlessly standing out from the backgrounds.Of Ryan's photography, perhaps the most impressive feat is that, despite the many scenes tracking characters through rooms, up stairs, and out doorways, there's not a single Steadicam shot anywhere in the film. He also makes copious use of 6mm fish-eye lenses, which distort the spaces the characters occupy whilst also showing much more of the environment than a normal lens, creating the sense of characters lost within an overload of background visual detail. Combined with the whip pans seen throughout the film, the cumulative effect is a world rendered strange, a place of distortion and unnatural compositions. As with most of Lanthimos' work, the film also uses natural light, which makes for some stunning candle-lit night-time compositions, partially recalling the paintings of someone like Jean-Antoine Watteau or, even moreso, Georges de La Tour.In terms of acting, there really are no words to describe just how good Colman is. Utterly inhabiting the character, she is able to elicit empathy mere moments after behaving thoroughly shamefully, communicating a sense of both tragic inevitability and a childlike refusal to accept reality. The character could easily have been a grotesque villain or a pitiful broken shell, but Colman finds a nobler middle ground, straddling both interpretations without fully committing to either, moving from one to the other seamlessly throughout the film. Yes, she can be a horrible person with appalling manners and questionable hygiene, but she is also deeply lonely, a survivor who has lost 17 children in childbirth, a woman whose health has made her old before her time, a tragic figure too naïve to see how badly she is being manipulated by Sarah and Abigail. Rather than trying to downplay the contradictory facets of the character, Colman leans into them, illuminating Anne's humanity amongst her least appealing characteristics, and finding both wit and pathos in a character whose mercurial nature and excessive neediness could easily have rendered her the film's antagonist. It truly is one of the finest on-screen performances in a long time.The film's most salient theme, one could argue its very raison d'être, is the dynamic of gender politics. For starters, it's headlined by three actresses (something which is still rare enough as to be notable), whilst the men are portrayed as petty, vainglorious idiots. Men, in general, are background players, existing only to be mocked, exploited, and duped - with their ridiculous wigs and heavy makeup, they exist only to support the women. However, what's especially interesting about the film's depiction of gender is that the world of women is anything but a utopia. Yes, it's relatively free of toxic masculinity and the male gaze, but in most other aspects, there's no real difference between the matriarchy and the patriarchy. Sure, the women are much smarter than the men who surround them, but they are no less greedy or cruel. At the film's post-première press conference at the Venice Film Festival, Lanthimos explained, "what we tried to do is portray women as human beings. Because of the prevalent male gaze in cinema, women are portrayed as housewives, girlfriends...Our small contribution is we're just trying to show them as complex and wonderful and horrific as they are, like other human beings." Similarly, when asked by the Hollywood Reporter if a film about females treating each other badly might be considered a setback in a post #MeToo era, Colman explained, "How can it set women back to prove that women fart and vomit and hate and love and do all the things men do? All human beings are the same. We're all multifaceted, many-layered, disgusting and gorgeous and powerful and weak and filthy and brilliant. That's what's nice. It doesn't make women an old-fashioned thing of delicacy."As regards criticisms, although I personally wouldn't class them as flaws, some people will probably dislike the same things that many have disliked in Lanthimos's previous work - cold formal rigidity, perverse sense of humour, and irredeemable characters being irredeemably horrible to one another. There will be those who find the obviously intentional anachronisms too much, whilst others will take umbrage with the disregard for historical authenticity. For me, whilst I admire Lanthimos for trying to bring something new to his oeuvre, especially when compared to Sacred Deer (which just repeated the beats of The Lobster), I felt the film was oftentimes trying to work its way through an identity crisis, unsure of exactly what kind of tone to settle on. I had similar feelings about the allegories that run throughout, and are never what you would call fully fleshed out. Obviously, it's a treatise on power and the ridiculous opulence of royalty, but that's not exactly an untapped issue in cinema. Additionally, one of my biggest problems with Sacred Deer was how utterly pointless it felt, and although I got a lot more out of The Favourite, I had something of the same reaction to it. It could also be argued that the characters are a little two dimensional, and filmgoers who need a protagonist to latch onto, someone to root for, will be left rudderless.Superior to Alpeis (2011) and Sacred Deer, but not a patch on Kynodontas (2009) or The Lobster, The Favourite will probably attract a sizable unprepared audience because of awards buzz, positive reviews, and excellent trailer. Undoubtedly, for a lot of people, this will be their first exposure to Lanthimos, and I can only imagine what people expecting a Merchant Ivory costume drama will make of it all. Neither morally enlightening nor historically respectful, The Favourite offers a bleak assessment of humanity's core drives; not Lanthimos's bleakest, but a hell of a lot more nihilistic than an average multiplex goer will be used to. The characters within the film live in a milieu of egotism, narcissism, sexual cruelty, psychological bullying, greed, and hunger for power. There's barely a hint of sentimentality, and very little that could be called morally righteous. I would have liked it to have more meat on its bones, but at the same time, one cannot deny that it presents something of a faithful looking-glass, as Lanthimos continues to corner the market in pointing out not just humanity's worst foibles, but its most egregious eccentricities and lamentable character defects.

Sumptuous and stunning. With THE FAVOURITE, director Yorgos Lanthimos delivers his best film yet - one that works as both a historical drama and a sex comedy that features beautiful cinematography courtesy of Robbie Ryan (Lanthimos really loves him some fisheye lenses) and gorgeous costume design courtesy of Sandy Powell (just give her the Oscar already because wow). Lanthimos, working for the first time with a screenplay that he didn't co-write, deals primarily with themes of power and the way it impacts the three women at the center of the film. Despite not having had a hand in writing the screenplay, Lanthimos seems to be in his wheelhouse, crafting a stirring yet (darkly) humorous rumination on humankind's innate desire to posses power, whether it be political, sexual, or anything in between. Granted, Lanthimos is also working with some of the most talented actresses working today and the big three (Olivia Colman, Rachel Weisz, and Emma Stone) all deliver some of the best work of their career. As crazy as it might sound, however, and despite Colman's Best Actress win at Venice for her portrayal of Queen Anne, this is Stone's film. I'm already frustrated by the fact that she will be campaigned in the Best Supporting Actress field despite the fact that the film wholly follows her arc. That's not to take anything from Colman, whose performance is likely the most impressive of the three, but I do feel it's something to take note of.However, the film isn't flawless, and it once again demonstrates that Lanthimos' greatest weakness as a director is his inability to deliver a satisfying conclusion. I loved THE LOBSTER, but the last ten minutes left a bitter taste in my mouth that I detested. I was a bit cooler on THE KILLING OF A SACRED DEER, and the last ten minutes proved a bit too dark for me. This time, even a great final shot isn't enough to save the last fifteen minutes of the film from seeming necessary. The film simply (and suddenly) runs out of steam before it crosses the finish line - an unfortunate occurrence considering the fact that nearly everything before it proved wickedly entertaining. That being said, I'm excited to see what Lanthimos does next. I just hope he nails the ending.

I read the rave reviews before the film opened and really looked forward to it. I read them after the I'd seen the film and thought that I must have inadvertently gone into the wrong screening and watched a different film. The film I watched turned out to be an overblown (at least 30 minutes too long) stylised, pretentious piece of nonsense only saved by three great actresses at the absolute peak of their powers. The soundtrack was as irritating as it was superfluous and the foul language as gratuitous as it was unnecessary. I thought that maybe my response was because I didn't get it, being English and familiar with this type of film, but I saw the film in the US and the mood of the audience throughout and especially upon the ridiculous ending was almost unanimously negative - and volubly so. I realise that in terms of reviews I appear to be in a tiny, tiny minority but if I can save one person from wasting their money on this film my work will have been done.

I was excited to watch this but found myself annoyed throughout the film.
The soundtrack is absolutely irritating you'd want to mute just so it would finally stop grating on your nerves.
I liked the 3 lead actresses, so I gave them a star each, but that's about it.
Everything else is just BAD. and I mean really bad.
By the end, I was seething inside. It's like the rage you feel when you've been duped. Because what an awful awful movie.
DO NOT be fooled by the glowing reviews. You've been warned.

Let me preface my review with me saying that I have never had a film experience where I have been genuinely uncomfortable in. I have watched The Human Centipede Series, Saw, and plenty of other gory cinema that has hardly made me cringe. But for some odd reason, The Favourite made me cringe and feel sick half of the time.Now STOP. Before you flag my review or declare me unhelpful. Let me say this: I think the film had a unique score, excellent acting all around, an intriguing story, and played off the tropes of stereotypical British historical dramas, but the film was not for me.Because honestly, the absurdity of this film was way too much for me, and I hardly ever say that. I will acknowledge the film was great technically and narratively, but I couldn't stand it.The Favourite is supposed to be a historical drama with tons of comedy and a light bit of thriller thrown into it, but when it came to the comedy, I couldn't get with it. While the Laemmle Playhouse audience laughed at every single line of dialogue that would come out of someone's mouth, I could not take it. I think throughout the whole film, I laughed maybe 15%, and about 80% of that laughter was cringe laughter. A lot of the film was pure bonkers, and I couldn't really get into it.The concept of playing against the trope that British historical figures are normally conservative and well spoken, and having them instead be balls-to-the-wall mentally insane and outlandish in this film, is an interesting idea, but it did not work for me. There is literally a scene where a character gives a monologue to the camera about their evil plan, while stroking her newlywed's member. And I was thinking, what in the actual hell?? It was funny, but it was more weird than anything.The film as a whole is just weird. I don't think it really cares as much about the narrative or the characters, but with how weird the setting can be. Whether it is really out of place dancing in the ball room (the only scene I burst out laughing at), the queen declaring how much they want to get oral pleasure, girls bathing in mud, really loud and obnoxious screaming, an annoying fish-eye lens, continuous rubbing of old women's feet, and even more screaming, I just couldn't find a point to any of it.It is almost like the director is like "hey bro, look at how outlandish I made these uptight British royalty look. HAHA! Funny, funny!" I did not even really care.I will give the film a rewatch when it comes out on digital, and have subtitles included, because sometimes that improves my film experience. But from what I can tell, The Favourite is definitely not really my cup of tea.I will say this though: I will probably enjoy The Lobster and Dogtooth more than I will with this. Perhaps because they are not in a British royalty setting, which I have a hard time getting to in the first place.Anyways, try not to hate me please. Remember, I acknowledge the achievements of the film, but it does not work for me. Think of that before you lynch me.

I'm sorry, but I don't agree with the high rating on this movie. Everything about it was weird. At some point the audio just got on my nerves, weird music. I agree with another reviewer on here that the whole time I was there it made me feel a little creepy. A very dark movie with a little comedy thrown in here and there.

I was invited to see this film by my wife and had no pre-conceptions other than admiring Olivia Colman's work on British television. I did not know the director or his previous films. I am no historian and know very little about the period in which the film is set. Understanding context is crucial to the telling of any story, yet the viewer is given very little information about how the main characters came to be in the situation depicted: How had Anne become queen? Who had given her multiple miscarriages and been father of her deceased offspring? We are not even given a date to hang the events on. This is probably deliberate since it gave the director the freedom that imprecision allows to impose his own agenda on what for many is little-known period of English history - which is exactly what he does.What follows is two hours featuring some fine female performances, lavish costumes and location settings, incongruous dialogue, clumsy 'shock' scenes, sub-Greenaway imagery accompanied by a disjointed and distracting soundtrack.Subsequent reading has revealed that director Lanthimos aims to produce a disconnection between dialogue and setting and to alienate through language - in this regard the film must surely be seen as a triumph.However, I suggest that cinema relies upon more than the implementation of an intellectual conception. The almost unanimous praise of this film by critics is notably at odds with the comments of those who have actually paid to watch the film, many of whom were encouraged by praise heaped upon it. The audience I watched the film with were not rolling in the aisles in response to the apparently intended humour, aside from the odd embarrassed titter, it was silent and the speed with which they left the auditorium wondering what possible connection Elton John had with Queen Anne was notable.This was probably not helped by the unreadable 'style over function' graphics used for the end-credits. As a professional graphic designer, I deplore the approach which is disrespectful to both contributors and audience. It typifies the arrogance of a film that has high-jacked history to provide a vehicle for contemporary sensibilities.With little narrative momentum or development, The Favourite descends into over-long, self-indulgent tedium. A likely candidate for an armful of Oscars and Baftas.

Bizarre. Not funny. Waste of a plotline with 3 strong female leads and a waste of money. No idea why this movie is rated so highly.

I am astounded that this film has received so much acclaim. Three cheers though for the performances, costumes, efforts at period accuracy. Jeers for the distressing, murky, low-angle, wide angle photography, some aspects of the mind-numbing sound design and the over-all bad taste this film left me with. Oh, and yes, mustn't forget that final series of dissolves, which was reminiscent of a student film I saw long ago. Wabbits. Wabbits! Wabbits!!!

I literately signed up with IMDB to share was an awful travesty this film is. First of all, it is not a comedy. It is two hours of ugliness. A few chuckles ensued in my full house audience in the first half hour, because they expected to come for a comedy, which gave way to nervous chuckles, and capped off with confused WTH expressions as the awful conclusion. There is no plot, a story, but no plot. One would think this hack of a director would have learned this in film school. I mean the rest of the film with its sophomoric over the top lens selections and transitions screamed "look, I went to film school!". And my god, the awful sound track ALONE had me thinking of heading to the door, with the ostensibly tension building staccato beat invoked not once but TWICE with no correlation to the scenes. Do yourself a HUGE favor, ignore the positive reviews, skip this one and go watch Dangerous Liaisons.

Nothing to spoil here. Two hours of agony (with great costumes).
The ending is cringe worthy.

I was expecting better. The film has some bones to which a good movie could have been made. I believe in the 3 main actresses and the general idea for the story. The costumes and sets looked great.But a lot of the storytelling came off as pretentious, over the top, confusing, boring or dumb.I didn't understand the point to a lot of the movie and after reading some of the reviews, even the positive ones and ones with spoilers, it appears I'm not the only one who couldn't explain a lot of the movie.I agree with the common note that the music is annoying. There were a couple scenes where they replayed the same couple rhythmic notes over and over and over and over again. And it was to no obvious purpose unless their point was to piss me off and distract me. Dunkirk has some similar musicnear the beginning. But in Dunkirk it reflected the building tension of the scene and sped up. In the Favourite it felt like a poor imitation which didn't understand why it worked in Dunkirk.Most of the time the score was fine. But the 2 moments with the repeating rhythm were difficult to overlook.The use of fowl language and gratuity didn't bother me. But too often I couldn't understand the overall purpose or goal or insinuations of other moments. At times I wondered what exectly we were supposed to think was really going on. But given that at times the film wasn't afraid to gratuitously say what was going on, it made it rather difficult to suppose the less literal take on events was the justifiable presumption.Many of the wide fish-eye camera Angles were also distracting. And the pacing felt slow. I think more daringly odd choices typically work when they are added more subtly than what is seen in The Favourite.To put it simply: the style and content were too prevalent and confusing for me to sufficiently get invested in a good story or a good movie. It's not my Fovourite.

Whenever a movie splits an audience into 10 and zero ratings you usually have a masterpiece. This movie is a masterpiece.

Enthralling from the very beginning and bursting with enthusiasm, this endlessly funny period piece, mixed with a ravishing love triangle, is Lanthimos at his most accessible, all while maintaining the mordacious social commentary and absurdist tone that made him such a phenomenon. Needless to say, "The Favourite" is marvelously shot, capturing with elegance the grandeur of its setting through gorgeous steadicam and extravagant wide angles, but what really sets it apart are the characters that are shown against it. Arguably the most fascinating showcase of acting from each of its three leads, the dynamics of the trio are effervescent, chock-full of disdainful side-glances, sharp smiles and lascivious touches, making every man look like a disposable accessory. Weisz is ever caustic as Sarah Churchill, the queen's confidant and lover, who actually rules the kingdom through her, and Stone is ravishing as Abigail, Sarah's cousin, who plays a naïve, gleeful servant, but secretly will spare no efforts in order to become the queen's new favourite. However, it is Colman who steals the spotlight, through her mesmerizing performance of Queen Anne. Infantile and broken, impulsive and lustful, needy and erratic all at once, she takes credit for almost every one of the most iconic moments of the film, which are several, through her delicious tantrums and hilarious excesses, but most notably, through a few long, mathematically precise close-ups, during which her expression changes so subtly, yet so richly, that she conveys an extensive array of emotions, disarming the viewer with desperate loneliness and melancholy.
All of that innovating and beguiling experience could never have been made possible without an incredibly solid script, whose segmented structure and whimsically titled chapters make the audience anticipate, with an expectant smile, what kind of wicked schemes and betrayals will come next. While it is riveting and lively until two thirds well into the plot, some of the viewers might be left disappointed at how it becomes hopeless and dark. The sudden change of pace, however, is deliberate and calculated, leading to a visually unforgetable ending scene, as each of the characters finally realize the inescapable consequences of their extravagant behaviours.
Ultimately, "The Favourite" is an admirable confluence of talent, whose likes mainstream cinema only glimpses rarely, and that will leave audiences marveled and eager for more.

Where did they find (or hire) so many people to write positive reviews?! This was one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. I love Emma Stone, but this movie was disjointed, pointless, and extremely boring.

Once again, Yorgos Lanthimos disappoints me. Before you vote my review as an unhelpful, lemme explain myself. Perhaps I have an issue with his movies, because I have never enjoyed any of his work, and this movie, unfortunately, is no exception.Because of the hype and the multiple Oscar nominations, I had high expectations of it, but none of them were fulfilled. Here we have the story of Queen Ann (Olivia Colman) and two women who lived with her - Lady Marlborough (Rachel Weisz) and Abigail (Emma Stone). Be warned - there is no plot in the movie, only a lesbian love triangle among the 3 lead characters. At one point Abigail, who was nothing more than a servant of the palace, realizes that Lady Marlborough is the Queen's favorite for being her lover, so Abigail decides to give the Queen some love as well. Expect awkward, irksome scenes of oral sex between swollen, scab-covered legs - at this point, the audience should know "irksome" is Lanthimos's comfort zone. There's some childish jealousy when Abigail tries to poison Lady Marlborough and some even more childish melodrama when the Queen misses Lady Marlborough's touch and vice-versa. And a lot of rabbits. And that's it, and I am not exaggerating.Of course, the movie has basically zero character development. We know all characters are flawed and do horrible things - like all characters in Lanthimos's movies do - but we don't know why they do these things, what happened to them in their lives to make them do what they do - and that's called character development, which lacks in this movie in a very blatant way. And to make matters worse, here we have the cliché-filled portrayal of a royal figure (the Queen) as a weak, gullible, laughable figure who is easily manipulated by servants and maids who seem to be smarter than Her Highness herself. Expect also the cliché scenes of the nobility in decadent parties , displaying deplorable habits. Yawn. As if we hadn't seen this is so many movies before.Cinematography wise, I got tired, exhausted of the poorly-illuminated scenes and the fish eye camera. It made everything claustrophobic, which seems an useless strategy in this movie, because there was nothing shocking or claustrophobic going on, just a boring love triangle and a woman with bandages around her legs. The only remarkable elements in this movie, in my opinion are:Olivia's acting - Olivia Colman is unrecognizable as Queen Ann, in a very good way; (Rachel Weisz did nothing incredible here, her role was 0% risky dramatically speaking. Emma Stone had a more difficult role but once again she still displayed the same mannerisms she showed in "Easy A", "Lala Land" and almost every movie in which she acts - exaggerated, unconvincing, trying-too-hard gestures and expressions).Costume design;Art direction - decent artistic portrayal of the English Royalty during late 17th/early 18th century.Unfortunately, this movie, which has probably cost a lot of money considering its production, art direction and costume design, was a waste of budget - such a beautiful ambiance fell flat into a boring, empty plot. This is movie is not either enlightening nor shocking, neither incisive or witty, it's just a boring love triangle with very disturbing characters disguised as some "fun criticism" of the nobility and the high class.

Not just me and my girl but several people vocally commented "horrible, waste of time". Almost every person in the theater left with a WTH look on their faces. Some humorous parts, but definitely not a comedy like it's being billed. Very good acting but the most annoying soundtrack. The worst film I've seen In years.

A strange film from start to finish. The film has totally unacceptable extreme foul language and a very weak and uninteresting story line. The use of different camera lenses doesn't work and just succeeds in making this disjointed film more confusing and pointless.

While Lanthimos continues his eccentric and absurdist filmmaking tendencies, The Favourite is still an easy one to get behind and think deeply about. The premise is essential to all of the plot machinations: in early 18th century England, we are in Queen Anne's court, where political power and maneuvering is everything. Queen Anne is an entertaining central figure, as while all politics revolve around her and she can do what she wants, she also seems like a puppet and easily influenced. The real heart of the movie is Abigail's character arc and her rivalry with Sarah. Abigail, played wonderfully by Emma Stone (who in my opinion should've been considered the lead actress, not Olivia Colman), comes from a family who was wealthy but fell far, and comes to her cousin Sarah looking for a job in the palace. Sarah is intelligent, knowledgeable in the political game, and the Queen's closest adviser. Abigail is immediately who we root for, as an outsider ready to work hard and earn a successful role near the Queen. We see her develop from believing that the best way to rise is through honor and loyalty, but quickly sees that everyone is playing political games and becomes ruthless in outstripping Sarah for the Queen's affection. The script is phenomenal and treats the characters very consistently but never one-dimensionally, by clearly showing their motivations but also portraying them realistically as humans. The humor really works, from the absurdist touches like the duck races to the funny dialogue, like when Sarah tells the Queen she looks like a badger and the Queen agrees. The ending, while an ambiguous one, I think symbolizes the Queen's loneliness and struggle for control, as that final shot of Abigail rubbing her leg fades into rabbits. There seems to be a lot going on, but really it's a fun character drama between these three players in an extremely politically charged and power driven society, and particularly Abigail's development and increasing ruthlessness within that framework. On all of those counts, it's very successful as a film, balancing coherence and intelligent filmmaking with innovation and quirks as Lanthimos always does. Every scene builds up and further develops the characters, and none contradict or seem meaningless, which is a sign of a great movie and great script.
Purely for my own future memory, I'm copying down a line I thought was really funny: "Obviously you have chosen to keep the particulars of your dismissal from me. I shall leave a gap in the conversation for you to remedy that."

Some movies are born to be darlings of the critics. Take "experimental" director Lanthimos, lately very much in favour, thanks to puzzling movies such as "The lobster" and give him a script whatsoever. You may bet the critics will applaude the results, perhaps also thanks to the abundance of salacious, politically-correct scenes.Allegedly, this should be a "nastily funny" historical romp, with focus on the powers struggles at court and between the Whigs and the Tories, but the sex indiscretions are a wink to modern voyeurism and manage to derail the movie.Loosely based on historical facts, compressed and distorted, we spy on Anne queen of England, who after having given birth to 17 children - all of which died in infancy - decides to turn to safer sex and enjoy the intimate company of her best friend, Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough.We're not given any information about the absence of Anne's husband and her switch from heterosexuality (or any of the background whatsoever).Enter on the scene Abigail, Sarah's poor cousin and the happy couple is torn apart by jealousy and betrayal. Anne is sick, childish, weak, mentally unstable, easily pushed around by any strong woman who may happen to be around. Sarah is harsh, domineering, power-hungry, but perhaps loyal and Abigail is a hypocrite manipulator. Everything is in background, apart from Sarah and Abigail manoeuvring to get close to the queen and getting close means only the most classic love-sex-jealousy plot, only with all female characters.Add lots of profane language and modern mannerisms, strident soundtrack, way too many fish-eye shots and weird angles, anachronistic costumes and what you get is a movie loved by the critics. For me it is just a missed chance, given that the three lead actresses are doing a great job and the plot was compelling enough without the overdose of sex.

The Favourite is, so far, the best movie I've seen during VIFF. Its sharp intelligence and sarcastic approach devours the mind, cinematography wows, acting mesmerizes and overwhelms, soundtrack creates with the atmosphere of the movie that is so raw and somehow relatable to this day. With unusual, weird kind of approach, director Yorgos Lanthimos delivers his best to date, in my opinion. The writes are the ones getting a bow down from me, with explicit, honest and funny approach to a period biopic drama that will stand the test of time for sure

Interesting thing about this movie, is that there was no likable character at all. That would normally irritate me as I crave a purpose or something to relate to. It's impressive to have felt such a general disappointment in the nature of humanity (honestly shown as cruel, stubborn, helpless, and self-seeking), and still be very drawn in to the dynamics between these people, and some very unexpected moments. It was quirky and witty. Perhaps the most likable person was the dude Abigail marries (such a small part I can't even remember his name in movie)! He was cute and charming, poor guy. Despite having no character to "root" for or connect with (unless you take an exestential journey into the good and bad in all of us and question just how far you would go to get what you think you want out of life...), it was very entertaining, emotional, and captivating. It was clear early on, there is no real winner in this story, however it ends. And the final scene creates a monument to that effect. I really wanted Abigail to be sweet and innocent and her "goodness" to prevail, as a fairy tale... but actually the way it was is exactly right. I loved Sarah's line to Abigail saying something like "you really think you won? We are playing different games" (or something I know that's off). I just want to give that fickle queen some prozac and a hug!! Also, some great glimpses into royalty, higher class, decision making in war (influences), etc...

The worst movie of the year. So boring my partner fell asleep. Not funny, just plain vulgar despite great acting and gorgeous costumes

This film had such promise with a strong female cast but it was awful. It was full of "icky" moments that literally made me cringe. What a waste of 2 hours.

Throughout this movie characters vomit. While I wouldn't say that it will make you do the same, I certainly found it deadly dull.
And pretentious.
The story has some basis in history. It takes place near the end of the reign of England's Queen Anne, around 1711-1713, during which time the War of Spanish Succession-the war between England and France that is mentioned on occasion-was drawing near its end. The Queen's husband, Prince George of Denmark, had died in 1708, after having gotten her pregnant 17 times - enough to justify switching romantic interest away from men for any woman. Sarah, the Duchess of Marlborough, who had already managed to become the Queen's friend, and-at least in this movie-something more than that as well, has come to exert real influence over the Queen because of her willingness to play to the monarch's desire for affection from other women. As the movie opens, Abigail Hill, a distant relative of Sarah's, arrives at court with the hope of getting preferment there. She sees how Sarah receives favor from the Queen, and decides that she can play that game as well if it will allow her to advance at court. Lesbian intrigue follows.
The costumes are fine, there is some intriguing lighting, and early in the movie some different types of lenses provide unusual shots. The acting, to the extent that the women in these roles get to act, is all fine.
But, for me, this was a succession of too-often unexplained scenes and strange behavior that I found pretentious in the extreme. I can understand that, if they have to consume a steady diet of play-by-the-numbers action movies, film critics get excited over something different and not formulaic. But for me different and not predictable does not, in itself, produce a movie interesting enough to hold my attention for two hours. I found myself nodding off on occasion-and it was only the middle of the afternoon-because none of it held my interest.
Nor would I say that is movie strikes a blow for lesbians. The characters aren't interesting, so you don't really care about their relationships, which are presented as manipulative rather than romantic. The Queen never gets to say that the relationships she has with women are more fulfilling, or at least less stressful, than the marriage she had with Prince George.
I just didn't see why the director wanted to resurrect this element of history in this way.

The trailer portrays this movie as a comedy. NO!
It is angry, mean, deviant.
Yes, royal society wore wigs and powdered faces back then.
And I would accept that there might be some crazy behavior.
But to portray the entire social scene as one of continuous deviant, disgusting, angry behavior is just plain wrong. Reminds me of those 1960s movies that pushed the bounds of X-rated movies. There is absolutely nothing socially redeeming about this film. And the music...sounded more like a lone factory machine. Gads...save your money.

I generally love historical dramas, the lavish scenes, costumes, settings and so on. I was all set to be thrilled by this, considering the cast. But what was this? A case of Hans Christian Anderson's 'The Emperor's New Clothes', methinks.I can understand why some viewers/reviewers would laud it and that is good for them, why should they not? Each to their own. I can almost hear them singing "Isn't it grand! Isn't it fine! Look at the cut, the style, the line! - The suit of clothes is all together but all together it's all together the most remarkable suit of clothes that I have ever seen". Never mind the naked truth.Someone said that when there was a great divide in ratings, the zeros and the tens, then that indicated it was a masterpiece. Yeah, might it not also indicate it is quite the opposite? I cannot tolerate reviewers who suggest that those who do not share their views are Philistines, simply too plebeian, too uneducated, to appreciate the "masterpiece" they are watching. Well, for me the Emperor was stark naked tosh and I saw right through it.The Favourite starts off badly and doesn't improve. Within minutes we have strong language, a guy playing with himself within close proximity of others in broad bawdy daylight. To top it all we have the weird banging-noise soundtrack which I thought was a flaw in the film for a while. The cinematography is very frequently through a fisheye lens which makes walls appear to be caving in and trees appear to be toppling towards one another. Really, it's all very style over substance, like a magician deceiving us with sleight of hand. There are lesbian scenes (ooh, how risque, how very modern!) and dialogue delivered in a way that much of the time I couldn't tell a word which was being spoken.Yorgos Lanthimos must be laughing all the way to the bank.

Do not waste your time watching this movie! As a fan of both Olivia Coleman and Emma Stone, I went in thinking I would like the film. The whole time watching it I was thinking "What the hell am I watching"? I could not wait for the movie to end. It had great potential but waisted it on unnecessary foul language and sex scenes. I am surprised at all the positive reviews. Did they watch the same movie I did?

As several others have said I have no idea what film the people giving this 9 or 10 stars were watching but it can't have been this one!
Disjointed pointless drivel from start to finish, easily the worst film I have seen for a very long time. Need I go on ...

I've been on a big history kick with the Tudors lately and was super stoked to see this film, especially since Olivia Coleman was being featured.Our theater wasn't showing so we drove a state over to see it. Waste of gas, in my opinion.It was a very odd, awkward, and pointless storyline. Very disappointed.

Boring plot, with little comedy, action, or suspense. The ending was terrible. Don't be misled by the positive reviews. I suspect the star ratings will drop once it gets a wide release. Good acting but terrible movie.

Utter garbage with almost no redeeming qualities. Proposterous from start to finish and remarkably pretentious, unnecessarily vulgar and boring. The cinematography is amateurish at best and I'm still struggling to come to terms with the award wins and nominations.

There seems to be a fashion amongst directors keen to gain attention, to snigger at historical figures and make them look ridiculous, regardless of their true character or achievements. The more fictional the representation, the more clever they think they are. Put the film into a sumptuous setting which is historically accurate, throw in some salacious lesbian sex scenes whenever possible and then sit back and rake in the money. I thought this film would be amusing, admittedly reasonably historically inaccurate, but well acted and have some depth. Instead I felt bored, disconnected from the characters, unable to understand any historical context or how they had come to be as they were portrayed. Throughout the time that these supposed actions took place the real queen Anne was married and adored her husband. She had after all borne him seventeen children and lost her young son. This was briefly touched upon now and then but there was no explanation as to how she became the pathetic waste of space that they chose to portray. Every opportunity had to be a bed or sex scene. Boring. Yes she had favourites. No it wasn't proven that they were lesbian. She is widely considered to have been the most stable, sensible and successful of the not very good Stuart monarchs. I realise we don't go to the cinema for history lessons but why make a totally fictional film and pretend it is hidden history, misleading and almost mocking the audience. I thought it was a terrible and distasteful film, only lifted by Olivia Colman having a vague physical resemblance to Queen Anne, and from the number of people who left during it and those who were complaining at the end as they left the cinema, I was not alone.

Agree that the scenery is beautiful and costumes authentic; however, what a waste of 2 hours of my life that I will never get back. Story line is trite, flimsy, and often in such bad taste it's hard to stomach. Needless nastiness. Could have been somewhat of a classic; however, it is trash.

This was as tawdry a film as I can ever remember seeing - a long collection of sadistic, violent and pornographic episodes tricked out as "history". The acting may have been superb, but the content was nauseous.

Enjoyed the acting, dark photography, period costumes, etc. Fascinating to watch the relationships develop with the bi-polar Queen Ann. But the enigmatically abrupt ending was a real downer. The writers needed to show the skill and creativity to conclude this otherwise fine film with a more satisfying ending.

The Favourite was not what I expected. This isn't classic Yorgos Lanthimos, this is a whole new, more whimsical Yorgos Lanthimos, approached parallel to his usual sinister, vexing, and twisted spirit. In full hindsight, this more comedic and less calamitous manner ended with me completely and whole-heartedly digging it. And when I say, The Favourite is more cheer and juvenile than his previous work, I'm not inferring that Lanthimos loses his infamous psychologically poignant gift in this, I'm just inferring that it's done in a much more subtle way, hidden by cynical buffoonery.At the time being, I would claim that this isn't my favorite-sorry-favourite of Lanthimos's filmography-The Lobster and The Killing of a Sacred Deer still hold that spot dearly to my heart-but I would doubtlessly claim that The Favourite is by a long-shot, Lanthimos's most gratifying and crowd-pleasing film. I did not expect to had had such a blast with this movie. Not only is it funny as hell, but the comradery and rivalry between Emma Stone's character and Rachel Weisz's character-both who by the way, give the most dexterous performances of this entire year-was just too much fun to take in. And Olivia Colman's performance as the queen...comical perfection.The atmospherical tone of this movie also is one of the many aspects that won me over. It reputed like an old-fashioned, 1-on-1, battle of the minds movie, just with touches of Lanthimos's typical synthetic stylizations. It's the cherry on the top of this shrewd satire.The Favourite might not be as poetically relevant to today's society like The Lobster, or as tramuatizingly stirring like The Killing of a Sacred Deer, but it's a playful piece of mental spectacle that is oddly bone-crushing, yet, pleasing, all at once. Loved nearly every second of it. Bravo, once again Sir Lanthimos. (Verdict: A)

My goodness, this may be the worst movie I have ever seen and I have seen thousands. What a waste of film.

Saw the meta score and read the promo and as one reviewer said got a violent glass of wine in the face instead. The movie has great scenery and costumes, but just couldn't stomach the story line. From the critics reviews, this file will likely be nominated for a few awards. My review is bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. If this is historically accurate, it's one part of history we can do without. Don't, don't waste your time on this movie.

I'm writing this in the lobby while having a drink and the movie is still on in the theatre.......where I left it. Comedy?? Pointless, boring nonsense with hardly a witty remark. So far removed from comedy.

It is awful. I could not watch it, so artificial, so ugly. Cannot understand a single word of positive reviews, not to mention the high rating.

Having seen the endless trailers on TV and the "Brilliant", "Superb", etc descriptions, we decided to see it for ourselves. What a mistake. Apart from strong performances from Coleman, Stone, Weisz and Hoult, I found little to enjoy.
The photography was interesting with frequent use of fish-eye lenses, which I can only assume was due to the lack of space in Hatfield House. The music soundtrack was almost as annoying as that of Dunkirk (another rubbish film) and was at times totally unnecessary. As for the language and sex scenes, well, again totally unnecessary and irrelevant. Unfortunately, these seem to be pre-requisites of films these days in order to attract an audience.
Why did four of our currently best actors sign up to do this film? Oh, I know why, because they get paid shed loads of money and get to appear on The Graham Norton Show.
I can't believe that this film has been nominated for a Golden Globe in the category "Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy". Did I forget to sing or laugh?
Absolute rubbish.

This is not my usual type of film but the trailer intrigued me so I thought I'd give it a whirl and I am glad that I did. Good direction with a great script. The actors clearly had fun with the witty dialogue they were given in this dark period drama about one-up-man-ship.Without giving anything away, to begin with I wasn't impressed with the ending and just thought, 'What - is that it?" but the more I thought about it and digested it - the more I realised just how perfect it was.This film is well worth a watch.

I will admit, when I started the film I really did enjoy the first 30 or so minutes.
The acting and the cinematography was really good, as was the humor and imagery.Unfortunately, after an hour or so the humor dissipated and the story took a straight faced and awkward turn full of gluttony, yelling, vomiting, excessive language, weird sexual encounters, and just a lot of filth (literally and figuratively). Admittedly, the acting was quite good but at what cost? All of the characters were very unlikable.. By the end of the film it merely felt pretentious, gross, whiny, and boring.
Weirdness and taboos don't bother me in movies at all. What bothers me is when it's handled in such an uneven way.

Brilliant acting, especially from Emma Stone - otherwise awful. I think the excellent reviews are a case of "Emperor's New clothes".
Dreadful ending too.

Mislead by trailer. Thought it was a comedy. Turned out to about bizzare lesbian love triangle. Acting was good. Can't argue that. Plot was horrible thou.

Oh what a horribly directed film. What a waste of 3 very talented actresses. How can this be? The scenery was good. The costumes were good. The sets / indoor locations were good. The acting was good.I love historical films / costume dramas and the like and with Rachel Weisz and Emma Stone involved I was excited to see this. I did not know about Olivia Colman but now I am a fan. All three of these ladies were great in this. But they could not overcome the lousy and very gimmicky directing. And what is with the trailer advertising this as a comedy? This is not a comedy.One of the great and fun experiences is to get lost in a film, to totally fall for the magic of film and almost not realize that you are in a theater watching a film. But this hack director Yorgos Lanthimos destroyed the magic from the very start of this film.He constantly uses a fisheye / fishbowl lens that distorts every room and even a horse ride in a forest. Indoor shots make the walls bend and ceiling beams curve so much that it was impossible to get lost in the story, such as it was. It is like you normally wear eyeglasses to see and suddenly you have accidentally put on somebody else's glasses making your view distorted and now you are forced to wear them for the next two hours. And his other gimmick was to shoot most of the film with cameras at the height of a young, very short child. The camera is almost always looking up at the actors. And then it is always moving around. The camera would float in front of an actor who was walking toward the camera and then it would suddenly turn 180 degrees to look and move in the opposite direction - just like a small child running around and turning their head all of the time. But at random times the camera would be up above all of the actors and floating around the room like a balloon. I was made constantly aware of the fact that I was watching the work of a director who thinks that he is some kind of ground breaking genius. I could just see him chuckling to himself about how he is turning cinema on its head because of these cheap gimmicks.And as somebody else already mentioned there are numerous shots of actors in a dark room with a brightly lit window behind them so that the shot is washed out with the bright light and you cannot see much of the actor. For what reason? What does this achieve?Top all of this off with a jarring and often times ridiculous music score that also seems to think that it is clever (it is not) and the end result from my viewpoint is a disaster. There are so many other people, a woman director would be nice, who could have made a decent film out of this story. Save your money and don't bother with this. And Hollywood - please don't hire this lame director any more. Thanks.

This movie is a very poor knock off of the famous play "A Glass of Water" by a French playright Eugene Scribe, whom the creators even neglected to put in the credits of the film, claiming in the press that Davis wrote the script 20 years ago. Guess what! Scribe wrote this play in 1840, so I think he should be mentioned first. And then Davis. As a writer who ADAPTED the play. Because in no way this could be called an original script. Please, credit your sources! Don't plagiarize, people!

This was the absolute worst, what felt like 4 hour movie that I have ever seen. It was so bad I could only laugh hysterically to the point of tears when it ended, could not believe how bad this movie was.

Who ever cut the very few funny one liners from (the 1st third) this film together to make the trailer appear to be for a comedy should be fired now. If you find a film about a woman obviously grieving the children lost to miscarriage and stillbirth funny then by all means watch this exploitative and crass film. For me, that's several hours of my life I'll never get back and I feel tainted from watching it.For the people who raged over this film, did you see the film I did, if you did how can you support this mean spirited and obnoxious film?

Worst movie ever. Music started to drive me crazy with weird sounds. Horrendous ending. Absolutely disturbing, I wouldn't even give it one star. What a waste of my time.

As someone else stated, this is two hours of ugliness, or of people behaving in ugly ways, with no redeeming qualities. No likable characters therein. Two hours of scenarios that are beyond distasteful. NOT a comedy.

I was very much looking forward to this film! The previews made me WANT to go to the theater, and to be honest I haven't been in many years. I took my 82 year old mother with me, telling her all the reviews were excellent!At 15 minutes in I thought to myself, "What the hell am I watching"??? My mother whispered to me "You can never take me to another movie"! I was prepared for a comedy of sorts and it was far from that!I am not a prude by any means, but the sex scenes I was not prepared for. I know my mother was not! Most of them added nothing to the movie.There was absolutely no plot. I kept waiting for something, ANYTHING to happen to make me like the movie, nothing ever did. The strange background music of pounding on pipes nearly drove me insane. I really, really wanted to like this movie, but it was a waste of time and money. The ending made no sense and I couldn't believe it was over! If I could have given it 0 stars, I would have!

Rachel Weisz and Emma Stone are both brilliantly witty and Colman's performance is nothing less but sublime. The three leads are able to hold a fascinating performance that is difficult to achieve. Yorgos Lanthimos retains a pessimistic view of human nature but all goes down with a touch of British glam, as he pushes the idea of the capricious queen through the far reaches of comedy and almost into tragedy. With its brilliant and dramatic script, the sharp dialogues, the great performances, the wonderful production design contributions and a beautiful cinematography, may be for more open-minded audiences, but it's such a charmingly quirky film and is my front-runner for the Best Picture Oscar. nikisreviews.gr

I was able to see this movie about 4 months before its theatrical release in Switzerland at the first day of the Zurich Film Festival 2018.For preparation of yesterdays screening I recently watched two of Yorgos Lanthimos' previous films: "The Lobster" and "The Killing Of A Sacred Deer". Both movies are very special in their own way so I didn't expect from "The Favourite" to be a normal 18th-whatever-century movie. Usually I'm not a big fan of historical/costume movies like this.But what about "The Favourite"?I have to admit that I was unaware of my feelings for the movie shortly after the end. Yeah it was "good", but was there more than that?
A day later I'm still not 100% sure because I still think about it but I noticed that hour after hour I like this movie more. The story is really great and there are a lot of wicked but also hilarious scenes.The three main actresses are definitely the highlight of the movie: Rachel Weisz is amazing and of course, Olivia Colman is outstanding. I wouldn't complain if she gets nominated for an Oscar next year, but can we talk about Emma Stone? Yes, I'm a fan, but I really think her performance is the best in the whole movie, maybe it's because she also plays the most interesting character.I definitely have to see "The Favourite" again when it comes to the cinema sometime in January 2019 to make my final verdict.
Until then I give 8 out of 10 and hopefully more next time.

I can't believe I wasted two precious hours of my life watching this.
The soundtrack is horrible, the story is pointless and the end will give you nightmare.

Absolute tosh. I have never got Olivia Coleman and this film does not change that view.

Some people have said this film has a rubbish ending.... I didn't see it, for the first time ever in a cinema I fell asleep. It was probably the worst film I've ever seen

This film would have been scored at a 1 star, but I agree with many of the critic reviews that that acting is very good and there are certainly parts of the movie that have the potential to set up for a riveting plotline. Now that being said, these parts of the movie that were almost good just vanished into pointless oblivion. I was left confused and angered by the direction less plot and all the whole the horrible horrible violin had me and my girlfriend tense the entire movie. There were many times when I was laughing not because of the satirical nature of the movie, but rather because I thought it so ridiculous that anyone could make such an awful and unpleasant movie. I would not recommend to anyone who is looking to have an entertaining evening.

A plotless, vulgar mess of a film with very little entertainment value, let alone the self proclaimed "comedy". I probably so much as smiled 3 times throughout.Otherwise the film was slow, undynamic, and comprised of a film score so jarring and irritating I couldn't even be lucky enough to fall asleep.I went with 7 other people and all of us came out unanimously agreeing the film was a train-wreck from start to finish. Other people in the cinema seemed to be equally confused as to what this film was getting such high plaudits for. Some people walked out, which has never been a temptation for me in the cinema before today.Costumes were good as you'd expect, and there were some decent acting performances, namely from the stellar three female leads.Bottom line; don't waste your money. Vulgar, crude, lengthy and painful.

Honestly all I can say is that this film was not what I was expecting and far exceeded my expectations. The chemistry between the actors and also the visual story is absolutely stunning and I'm just wowed by how well done everything is done in this film. I can't say I have anything bad to say about this film. And please go into this movie without spoilers, I find that it is way more enjoyable to be surprised by the actual story and leaves more excitement for the viewer.

While actors were good and settings were spectacular I found movie very crass and would not recommend it

I just watched this movie in the chutmarike film festival at Gaanddanda city. Not worth the time ... The acting is a mess, the direction is clueless... it is a bad bad movie... My recommendation is Avoid at all cost !!!

Wonderful cast, but no story line that makes sense for them to shine. Scenery and costumes excellent!. The director that created this movie is sadistic in every sense, it displayed violence and backstabbing with no deeper story that displayed the rich and powerful in an ugly way. I laughed only twice, I kept waiting to see would it get any better. Ending has a heel almost squishing a poor little rabbit.

I do not understand the good reviews and high ratings on this movie. I love British drama and the actors. I had a 'heads up' on the strong lesbian plot threaded throughout and was fine with that too. I found none of the characters to be likable, the music was annoying and overdramatic (with a violin single note playing over and over 2-3 times during the movie where I was thinking....'please stop!!!'). I love Emma Stone and she was flat, especially toward the end. The ending was very strange, rather horrible and odd. Did I say I didn't like this movie? At the end, someone in our small theatre stood up and shouted "BOOO". Our group chuckled but agreed. There was a lot of potential for this movie but I felt it hugely missed the mark. Check out the viewers Rotten Tomatoes reviews and the other 1 star reviews before you go.

I was really looking forward to seeing this movie for many reasons. I love the actors and the history of Lady Sarah Marlborough and The Duke of Marlborough. I've read extensive historical journals, books and articles about the monumental of achievements of this two very intriguing people. That said, this was by far one of the worst films I've ever seen. Everything about this film was aweful from the camera angles, bizarre and highly imbelished plot line to the ending.To be fair, I'm not a fan of Yorgos Lanthimos. But I read reviews which indicated this film was different than his other strange films like The Lobster or The Killing of a Sacred Dear. Despite my opinion of his film making style I was anticipating a great film. His twisted and perverted take on Queen Anne and Lady Sarah was hard to watch. Yes there was some truth to the closeness these two women shared but this filmmaker really went overboard with a strong Lesbian and sexually perversed plot line. While the acting was good, the intense sexual and twisted content was ruined this movie. I'm not a prude but it was so central to the theme that it distracted the audience from true historical facts. Don't waste your money on this film!

One of the worst movies ever. It's a very sad waste of beautiful costumes.

This move was not at all what you'd expect from the trailers. Despite the lavish sets and costumes, it's quite unpleasant, and not a comedy as you would expect from the trailer. We could not wait for it to end. As one of the other reviews said, everyone in the audience left with a "what the.." look on their faces. At the end of the movie I thought, "that's it???" A waste of time and money.

There are three compelling reasons to see this - Olivia Colman, Rachel Weisz, and Emma Stone. They go full force into this 18th-century world. Its a wickedly ridiculous and dirty dark comedy that only Yorgos Lanthimos could make with a brilliant whip-smart script by Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara. Weisz vs Stone is a master class in acting, and Colman holds the Crown. Showcasing just how devoted one is for love (or power) but if it is truly worth the cost. If you didn't like The Lobster or The Killing of a Sacred Deer, you may not like this movie. While it is Yorgos' most commercial movie yet, it is still very much his style. The more that I think about this movie, the more that I love it and it will be everywhere this award season.

Not clever.
Not smart.
Not titillating, but with protracted sex scenes.
Not accurate enough to warrant itself as "historical".
Too surreal to be accepted as drama, and too singular to earn its surrealism.
A feminist film that gives us intimate viewing of all three female leads throwing up.
The Favourite, dressed as a period piece and populated with historical figures, wastes its rich source material to simply tell us that people are garbage.
If The Favourite is as bad as I say it is, then I must be accusing the film criticism establishment of thorough and complete conspiracy.
If I am wrong, then wait to hear this AFI Top Ten Film of 2018 gloriously praised by your friends, neighbors and coworkers, as surely they would not want to miss out on a film so deeply connected with the human condition - and so delightfully funny.
Just as your friends, neighbors and coworkers adored The Shape of Water, Moonlight, Spotlight and Birdman.
How can these be "Best Pictures" if nobody watches them?

The three lead actresses were phenomenal. Part of their greatness is throwing their all into a script that was weird at best. The story line was not compelling. The acting was. Simply, a weak story with weird twists made great by great acting.

Where is the hilarious romp that the ads suggest? This is NOT Tom Jones, but rather a dark, sour tale, ploddingly told with long stretches of boredom. To top it off, the photography is dark and gothic, and the score is either annoying or nonexistent. The end, if that's what you want to call it, is even worse than the two hours that precede it, if that is at all possible. The actresses, particularly Emma Stone, are good, but you wish that you were watching them in something other than this avoidable pill.

Rather watch transformers shooting each other in California & that's saying a lot.

So bad it hurts. An ill, slovenly queen who has a vulgar lesbian affair with a lady-in-waiting and abruptly barks commands at her servants? Where's the story in that? Who greenlights pictures like this?? I left before the halfway point. I'm not sure what people found compelling about it. I feel like the studio should pay me money for the emotional distress of sitting through half of this horrid nonsense. Just abysmally bad.

The director's passion is the glorification of Pathology and weirdness...Hippies love him but his movies are very hard to digest and criminally hyped&OVERRATED ...his films are going to age horribly ,he is just a Millennial Neomarxist trendy hack...
The Favourite had potentials but with a different director maybe the late Milos Forman I don't know....It's such a shame that he wasted the lesbian scenes(which are almost non existent)with his usual weird and non erotic style out of fear of the "male gaze" probably ...WHAT A CUCK AND A WHIMP ...If you expect "Blue is the Warmest color" in the 17th century don't bother watching this...

My Rating : 0/10Don't waste your time, energy and money on this movie. ABSOLUTE GARBAGE! Extremely boring and tedious movie. Good actors wasted. Unsatisfying ending. An annoying soundtrack to boot.Yorgos Lanthimos is one of the worst directors working today in cinema. Please stop already!I recommend Dangerous Liaisons (1988) instead.

Despite all the talent on display, including the amazing costumes and sets, this movie was terrible. It was crude and profane without wit or intelligence. It was disturbing. I left the theatre glad it was over and in need of a shower.

I, too, really wanted to like this film, but I hated it. I love Olivia Colman in Broad Church so it was so disappointing to see her as a big, slovenly and incoherent royal mess. When camera angles are so wacky that they distract, the director fails. The break dancing was silly. The language was crass. Defication and vomiting does not make for quality entertainment. I walked out when the queen puked. This is one of those esoteric, trendy films cool people are supposed to like. It was simply awful. Thank goodness the popcorn was good.

A terrible film, with the most ridiculous ending! Avoid like the plague, unless you're needing a cure for insomnia.

I agree with others that the film is beautifully shot. (Not so sure about the historical accuracy of the laser-cut style patterns on costumes, though). Olivia Coleman is brilliant, too. However, it's a shame the film creators chose it to be almost all about lesbianism. So much in pain and depressed as the Queen was, would she have much libido left in her at that stage? She was also deeply religious. So, it's not plausible that she would be sexually inclined at that time in her life (and in that way), despite the salacious rumours disseminated by her detractors. There was plenty of genuine cinematography-worthy drama (perhaps not much comedy) to go in her life. One would love to see historically true characters and relationships between the women enacted. But the film makers probably reasoned that a sexually focused rendition would appeal to a greater audience. Or was it the only aspect of Queen Anne's life story that was of interest to them?

Looked forward to this film so much and then....!!!
Dreadful sound track, shot in darkness, and the storyline all over the place. What a sad waste of the talented actors and actresses who gave star performances. Rachel Weisz, Olivia Colman, Emma Stone and Nicholas Hoult were outstanding but let down by rubbish editing filming and soundtrack.

I was fooled by all the positive reviews of this movie and wasted my time and money going to see it. The sets are sumptuous, the costumes gorgeous, and the acting strong but this is about as unpleasant as a movie gets. The soundtrack was like fingernails down a blackboard and the story was cringeworthy at best. After seeing the movie I did some more research and found that the director was also to blame for another terrible movie "The Lobster". The artsy-fartsy crowd love this kind of stuff but I like to be entertained when I go to the movies.

This movie started out well, but then just turned into a terrible mess. I loved all the actors but the script was just dreadful. The characters were not well thought out which made the film incredibly boring, confusing and weird. The ending was terrible. The whole film was pointless. One of the weirdest movies I've ever seen. And I like weird movies!

I saw The Favourite because (a) Emma Stone is in it, and (b) it was highly reviewed on iMDB. My current hypothesis is that the Russians have hijacked the iMDB site, and heavily upvoted this movie in an attempt to lure the American public to see it, and bore us into a mind-numbed complacency.This two-hour snoozefest explores in excruciating detail the interplay between three wretched women, each of who is vying to grab or hold on to power. It sets the record for the slowest-moving, most tedious power plays in movie history -- and, amazingly, the payoff is that nothing is resolved in the end! And in case you could possibly have missed the ham-handed symbolism, the rabbits and slow-motion dancing naked eunich represent the poor working class whose souls are crushed under the feet of the bourgeoisie, who are focused on their own selfish whims.I've seen many movies that show that the abuse of power is evil and damaging. The only additional lesson from this film is that it can also be boring.

In early 18th century, the friendship between Anne, first Queen of Great Britain and Lady Sarah Churchill, the wife of the Duke of Marlborough, was very close and then deteriorated because of their differing political views and the growing influence of another favorite, Abigail Masham. The film focuses on the rivalry between these 2 women, Abigail and Sarah: lousy tricks, alliances, treacheries, ground shiftings, sex, ... Everything is allowed to obtain the favors of the queen!The actors, the photography, the costumes, the 18th century atmosphere despite voluntary anachronisms, the rhythm, the dialogues, the soundtrack, ... This is an excellent achievement. Smart, dark, irreverent, cruel and immoral.

What a load of pretentious nonsense. Three amazing actresses performed beautifully.
A totally disjointed sound track that will numb your brain.
If you want to waste two hours of your life, it is a must see.

Where oh where to start? Considering the cast the film was over long boring and pointless with a stupid end. Immediately I thought what was the point. The story went nowhere and made no sense. A totally mad queen with two women fighting for her attention. There you go that's your plot. The directors use of a fish eye lens was overdone and the music was terrible it was torture. Would not recommend it to anyone frankly.

I am like many others who found this film tedious , pretentious and completely unfunny. Why on earth this is regarded as a comedy who knows.
The sript and background music made me grind my teeth. The scene involving the dance is embarassingly bad.
A true waste of money and yet another example of " the Emperors new clothes " My advice forget the hype , avoid at all cost.

Beautifully filmed, with excellent subdued lighting.
But why did they portray Sarah Churchill as pro-Tory, when her sentiments were entirely pro-Whig?Over-wrought and prolonged at times.Great depiction of scheming women, surrounded by ineffectual or abusive men.
So what else is new in cinema these days?Came so close to greatness, but ended up way off-mark.

I haven't seen a movie I disliked this much in a while. The costumes, sets, scenery, and acting were all very good-- unfortunately it was all wasted on a plot that kind of just dwindled down to nothing. (It did encourage me to do some reading about Queen Anne, so I guess that is a good thing.) I've not yet read any other reviews because I didn't want them to influence what I wrote- so I will be very curious to see what the high-raters said.
Maybe the filmmakers were shooting for something "arty" and missed. If that was the goal it did not go far enough or get weird enough. It just seemed like a movie with a plot that went nowhere.
Bottom line: All the talent and beauty in this film is wasted on a movie that should be so low on any list that no one would ever get to it.
Cheers

After rave reviews I had expected to be entertained by three great actors in Colman, Stone and Weisz. I hated it. The only thing I liked were the costumes and the horses. Everything else was excessive, overblown, tedious and gross. Even that I could have enjoyed if there had been any comedy (pure snark does not equal comedy), character development or a 'so what?' But no one changed, everyone was horrible and all received their just desserts in a vexingly predictable way. I did like Harley's wig. Three stars for costumes and design.

I can't believe any normal person with eyesight could actually like this movie.
One of the few movies in my life I considered walking out on. So boring, so
ridiculous. Honestly I can't think of anything good to say. Do yourself favor
And do not see it. I wish I could get those 2 hours back. FYI, most reviews I write are good, i'm Not typically critical of movies, so that should tell you how awful it was.

The clips that I'd seen from scrolling through various social media platforms had caught my eye and prompted me to go and watch the trailer for the film, which I thought looked very funny and it seemed to have great reviews as well. Little did I know at this point, that it was all of the funny parts from the film that were in the trailer so I could have just left it at that; it would have saved myself two uncomfortable hours.Saying that, it wasn't all bad. The costume was good and the hair and makeup were periodically accurate of the most part - early 18th century. This is stuff that I take particular notice of when I watch a film because it really does make a difference and adds a great deal to the final product. The special effects makeup was good also. Lady Marlborough's cuts, bruises and scars were realistic and Queen Ann's stroke makeup was very good; we didn't need to be told that she had suffered a stroke, it was clear from the makeup and performance as to what had happened to her. I'm glad it was done this way, as the subtlety worked well.It was clear that the film had a decent budget as no detail was unthought-of and as a whole, came across as a well made film. The main idea and storyline was good but it was very boring and slow at times. The "funny stuff" distracted from the plot which gave the whole this a kind of messy feel. When I use the word "funny", what I actually mean is slightly amusing. The only part that actually made me properly laugh was the badger makeup scene and I had already seen that a few times from clips and the trailer so it had lost some of its effect by the time I got to the cinema to watch the film.I enjoyed the performances and each character along with their relationships were well established. They didn't mess around giving us unnecessary back story. The way we were informed of who was who, how they knew each other etc was clear and to the point however, it was lacking something. I didn't really care about the characters and whether they succeeded or not. When they got hurt or beaten by another character, it didn't really bother me. I was more concerned about the welfare of the rabbits within the story! Those cages were not big enough for all of those bunnies!The whole film had a strange merge of period drama and modern day elements. I think this as an idea is a good one, and good on Yorgos Lanthimos the director for trying it, but it didn't work for me. It was mostly the modern elements which were supposed to be the funny ones, for example the dance scene, but I think overall it would have been a much better film had the modern day references been left behind and it had just focussed on being a period piece. I didn't like the layout of the wording on the title screens in between scenes.I need to point out that I had high expectations for this film and sadly, I left disappointed. It did at one point cross my mind to get up and leave and I honestly think I would have done, if I had gone to see it alone. And sadly, I looked at my watch 4 times during it, one time being about 45 minutes in and I remember thinking "oh no, still so long to go until the end". Unfortunately, The Favourite wasn't my favourite!

An incoherent, rambling shambolic mess and proof, if it were needed, that award ceremonies are bent. I'm not sure what I hated more, this or the same director's equally shambolic Killing of a Sacred Deer. I implore you,, STAY AWAY, this person might be let loose behind a camera again. Which would be a disaster. This was made worse by the fact that we saw the wonderful old man and the gun.

Watched this today with my wife and will never get those 2 hours back!
What a load of rubbish!
Save your money, save your sanity.
Seems to always be the same with these award winning movies.

While I can appreciate good acting (and there was lots of that) I am not a college theater major trying to glean gems to put in use in my own acting experience. I see a movie to be entertained, to elicit emotions, to see a plot that draws me out. This movie is not entertaining in the least (ok, there one or two lines that were funny). Why was this movie made? I have no idea. I wish I could get back my two hours I wasted watching it

Hmmm....not what I expected it to be! I was pretty disappointed really and a pretty 'naff' ending! Olivia's acting was great and the cinematography was good but that's it! I felt uncomfortable throughout the film-meant to shock a little maybe but it was pretty much based on the miserable relationship with the queen and 2 other women who she kept getting off with! How it was nominated for awards I do not know! Soundtrack was also very annoying!!

Boring, boring story and plot, no comedy or action, or whatever. Again don't be misled by the positive reviews. The acting is okay but not as good as you might think, reading the positive reviews, have i been watching a total different movie, because this is a terrible movie.

This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen. We walked out! Don't waste your money!

...and not in a good way. When a film scores as highly as this does, you might be fooled into thinking it must be an exceptional piece of work. However, right from the beginning this was clearly not going to achieve anywhere near that lofty a status.Putting the historical inaccuracies aside, if you treat this as a piece of entertainment this film comes up way short. Not a great deal happens apart from the ongoing efforts of one woman trying to gain power and the other trying to exert it. In order to do so, there is a great deal of debauchery, violent episodes and gratuitous unnecessary female vulgarity. I'm not offended easily, but there are a number of very strong sexual references which don't add much to the scene - once or twice is fine but this is over the top.The three main actors here give great performances and are the best compliments I can provide about the film. It would seem that this is a real film of extremes - ie you love it or hate it, and from the reviews here there appears to be no middle ground. Overall, it is too long, too violent in places and frankly an uncomfortable watch. Not a 'favourite' of mine.

I coudn't even finish it. I kept falling asleep waiting for something jnteresting to happen until i decided to stop it. Maybe i'll give it another try with the lights on. Lol

That really has to be the WORST film I have ever seen. We only stayed because my wife thought it had to get better. It didn't. What is with that panning through the fish eye camera lens; very disconcerting. If this review saves just one person from wasting 2 hours of their life, then I feel I will have done my good deed for the year

My wife and I are big fans of Rachel Weiss, and we were very disappointed with this movie. Her acting is excellent, as always, as also that of Emma Stone and Olivia Colman. However, the others overact and look so artificial that we could not decide if the movie is a drama or a bad comedy. The cinematography makes it worse as the camera angles accentuate weirdly the comic side of the scenes. Speaking of which, I never seen a movie in which ALL the camera takes were against the light, both inside and outside environments. Perhaps if it had been balanced the light to use is to accent the dramatic effect... but no, it just generated washed out scenes where details got lost. Moreover, the director chose to overuse the wide angle lens, distorting everything closer to the edges, always! One of the worst movies movies we watched, and we could hardy wait for the (stupid) ending.

A good film exists somewhere within this mess of a movie. The script and acting are solid, but poor direction desperately marred the source material and did not serve the talent contracted to make this movie. The film is desperately uneven in tone, lacks measured and concise editing, suffers from drab cinematography, utilizes one of the most annoying musical cues put to film (that drones on endlessly not once, but twice in key points of the film), and overuses a fishbowl optic that is self-conscious and distracting. Regarding editing, this film stretches to just over two hours when 80-90 minutes would have tightened up the pacing much more. There are a number of needless, self-indulgent scenes that no doubt delighted the director, but served no purpose in telling what should be an interesting story. Too bad...a better director could have made a pretty good movie out of this.

I don't know how i sat through this anguish but i did because i am canadian and we are very polite but really this was an absolute monstrosity.I do remember how wonderful the movie Tom Jones once was but this thing was a horror.They had such great actors but the whole plot and premise was mired in a quirky form of nothingness.Please if anyone cares to read my prose stay home and watch anything but this film.Atrocuous!

Watched the preview and turned it off half way through, because it was so boring. The actors are great. But the plot stinks. Very boring I don't see how it got Oscar nominations. I sure wouldn't vote for it. They pick some bad movies for the Oscars i tell u that. A Quite Place should had gotten nomination. Not this crap.

The movie is predictable if you watched the trailer. I just came to see what is the hype all about but it was a very hollow movie. Queen Anne is a character you can't even feel sorry for being so dumb and at a point, it feels more like a caricature for comedy. Rachel Weisz was good in her role of Sarah and Emma Stone was not impressive as for her award nominations. The men in the movie were just props. Overall, the movie was a bore fest. I think it was made with A list actors to score some awards but not entertain the audience and for art of filmmaking.

I feel the need to post a review to balance out the glowing praise for this film.It's nonsense.I'll give it 4 out of 10 because it's nicely shot (although the fish eye lens is overdone) and the lead rolls are played very well.The trouble is that it doesn't know what it wants to be and it runs on for too long with no satisfactory ending for the viewer.It had its moments but it's not funny enough to be a comedy and the impact of dramatic scenes is ruined by the outlandish way the characters are acting. It's like a series of poor comedy sketches woven together into a film and the fact that it drags on for two hours when there's only enough material here for half an hour makes it worse.I had to force myself not to leave the cinema at the ludicrous dance scene which is fairly early on in the film.One to avoid I'd say and so would the other cinema goers in the showing I was in judging by their faces at the end.

Boring, gratuitous perversiveness for shock value. Horrible music. Great costumes. Somebody in Hollywood is paying big bucks for positive nods to this movie, because it's an obvious train wreck. I want my two hours back

I like the three main actresses and they did a good job in this movie, it just was a muddled story. The ending was not satisfying and left a lot of loose ends, to a story that just didn't come together. Two conniving women trying to win the Queens favor with no morals and no interest in anything except themselves. It was a bit like an episode of Real Housewives of who cares. The costumers had a big job and they probably enjoyed working on a piece from this period, but I just kept thinking, when is this going to start being interesting. A lot of great reviews, but this movie wasn't worth the time or money. If you must see it, wait for it to come out on pay-per-view.

I wish I had read the reviews before watching the movie! It lacked everything I like in a movie, story development, character development, a character you can empathise with, a meaningful and interesting plot. It was meaningless and lacked depth.It focused too much on the physical relationship between the characters and not enough on the emotional aspect and motives of the characters decisions. It could have elaborated on this.I think if there was more development between Sarah and Abigail's relationship that would have been interesting and maybe a proper resolution between the characters at the end.

The film does touch upon the absurdism of the ruling elite but barely which is why I will give it a 2 instead of a 1. It is stunning that this film is THE first film that elicited a desire for me to go to sleep. Sadly, I couldn't because of the appalling repetitive strings and organ playing, the former of which attempts to create a sense of pacing, the latter a sense of imminent castastrophe. The advertising of the film led me to believe that the film would focus on the wider history of why Queen Anne is the way she is, examining her reign and so on. However, this is not what the film does at all. NOTHING HAPPENS.Instead we get an initially semi-interesting but quickly uninteresting story of two largely similar machiavellian women who fight for the queen's affection, interspaced with a melange of scenes of palace debauchery, stunted attempts at comedic irony and absurdism, the odd slapstick moments and sarcastic "witticisms" that aren't really all that interesting of funny except if you are one of those who boast and prattle on endlessly endlessly about sarcasm being your "second language". The attempts to make the audience laugh are so frequent that the drama in the film is more akin to a bad television sitcom comedy-drama than a periodic drama. It's a shame that Queen Anne didn't play a more central role in the film. The acting was good, the writing and style of the film just wasn't.

OK, so we accept that it has not been presented as being in any way historically accurate. So please don't expect any of it to be so. Precious little (if any) is an accurate portrayal of Queen Ann and her historical contributions. That aside, the script is a mind boggling mish mash of events surrounding rivals for Queen Ann's affection in a court where even the dancing jar's as being out of place.The strong language does abound in a self indulgent way, almost using it to assert itself as a sufficiently arty production to make it permissible. It doesn't perform the role of creating a bawdy tone. It just seems gratuitous. The 'strong sex scenes' are not. Apart from the distant site of a bottom pumping back and forth against who know what pressed to a wall, all else is undercover and left to the imagination. None of it rampant or even lustful.A sound device is used twice during the film - two long tones followed by a single drum beat. For no apparent reason, other than to make it harder to hear what is being said. It is annoying. Another device used, that annoyed me, was to introduce an 'act' with words on screen that would later be said in it. Not particularly effective and rather trite.Yes the three main protagonists acted their part extremely well (not something that can be said of all the cast), and the camera work was both imaginative and of an extremely high quality. The awards to those actresses and those involved in that aspect will be well deserved. But I want a lot more than that from a film and I don't enjoy weird for weird's sake - which is what I felt this film is. It is being self indulgently arty-farty with none of the entertainment that should accompany it. The screenplay is, in my opinion, very poor.I didn't walk out as I kept hoping things would eventually become enjoyable. For me they didn't. Don't waste your time, money, or brain power going to see this insult to our intelligence.

Boring, repulsive characters, gross eating, three, 3! vomit scenes showing vomit! I get it! They're gross! I've read that this movie is a satire, but one without humor. What is that?
Never seeing anything by this director again.

Don't do it! Boring! Gross and absurd! I went to see this movie because of it being a comedy... but I didn't laugh at all. It was awkward!! Save your money!

Let me start by saying I have not been a Lanthimos fan. I watched The Lobster for 20 minutes and stopped, and didn't want to see Sacred Deer just from seeing the trailer. This film, though, perhaps because he didn't write it, which constrained some of his worst inclinations, produced something that will live for decades in the annals of truly great cinema.
Unless you are into superheros, explosions, splatter and martial arts as your only movie fare; and if you appreciate cinematic art in its many expressions (acting, music, plot, layered symbolism, cinematography, direction, etc.), then this is a film that will stick with you for awhile.
Finally, I want to say a word about two things ( NOT spoilers):1) the ending that a few people seem to be dissing in thier reviews and 2) a few disparaging comments about historical accuracy.
In my viewing the ending was perfect. The Queen remains the Queen no matter who fights for or wins the place of Favourite. Winning is not what it looks to be from afar. Is who you become in getting to the pinnacle who you really want to be?
And take a look at Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough in Wikipedia, which references her letters reporting the Queen's lesbian bent. Was this out of spite? Who knows, but it's there. One of the only artistic licenses on historical fact that I could find was the tea and horse incident, which served to further the intensity of the drama.
Go see this movie as soon as you can. It's going to have some serious attention in award season.

I've seen others describe this film as weird and creepy, I could also add pointless, there have been far better films about the manipulation skills of ambitious women, even though the acting is at times brilliant, this, and even the over working of Emma Stone's 'Bette Davis Eyes', can't save a dull movie.
Costumes, sets, all wonderful, but the movie, just plain odd to say the least. Some it appears consider it a masterpiece, guess I must be from a different era!

How is this film so highly rated? It's a wannabe Shakespearian tragedy, bludgeoned with an overbearing loud score and fish-angle lens shots with low contrast cinematography, I could barely make out certain scenes.Its pace was ridiculously slow and 120 min length excessively long. The screenplay needed to be re-written by a seasoned screenwriter. This was hardly a comedy - I didn't even break a smile, let alone laugh. The directing (especially the fish-eye riddled scenes) were dizzying and annoying. Scene cuts/editing was one of the worst I've seen. The ending seemed like everyone got bored and Yorgos simply yelled "cut, that's a wrap".The only redeeming qualities of this film were the outstanding performances by the three leading women, Olivia Colman, Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz, and the set designs and costumes. That's it, and the only reason I'm giving this film a generous 4/10. I'd also like my 2 hours back please.

There are so many positive critic and audience reviews. I was expecting something spectacular, what I got was a major yawn. I have read some about Queen Anne (she wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but a lot of royalty in England or elsewhere weren't) and Sarah Churchill. I do have to say that they came to life in Olivia Coleman's and Rachel Weisz's portrayals. Emma Stone, once again for me, fell flat. I don't understand her appeal. And, couldn't they get a British actress to play a British role? Anyway, there were scenes of sexual nature which I have absolutely no doubt happened at court in early 18th century (not the ones between the main female characters). So, I think that those scenes, the kitchens, servants quarters and brothel were accurate. But, the story itself was a bore and with all of those long powered wigs, it was hard to tell which man was which. I found it hard to follow except for the main plot line of one cousin trying to usurp the other cousin to be the favorite of the queen and one lord trying to stop the war with France because it was costing so much. I would have left, but it was a first showing and it had a lot of people that I would have needed to crawl over, kind of like Sarah Churchill and then her cousin, Abigail.

This is just a story of a sad old woman with no interest in the world or her responsibilities as monarch with 2 women with no morals fighting over her. Afraid I had no connection or care for any of them.
The grating sound track suggests some sinister undercurrent in the movie- evil is about to conquer the honourable- but there is no honour. It's just 2 hours watching a sewer pipe. The breaking wind in the middle of one of the "leg rub" sessions was a metaphor for the whole film for me.
One positive.. it made me much more appreciative of our current wonderful Queen Elizabeth - who epitomises honour!

I was very disappointed by this film. And the typical overhyped Oscar buzz!! This is not best picture material,
Performances were good and Olivia Coleman was very good especially as the poorly Anne in the last 20 mins
The story had good potential with the rival between Emma Stones and Rachel Weiss character and as the queen realised that Abigail is not all she appears be.
Last shot was just too long and trying to be dramatic but was just stupid, the film just ends!!! The whole cinema was just confused at this point!
What would have made a good movie was what happened next and how the queen deals with Abigail and brings back Sarah,
But to be honest it was not!!
So not worth a watch. There is a good movie from the story but this was only half explored,

Supposition by those interested in rewriting history for titilations sake(which is the case when you can't prove something) of for the sensation needed to get your university paper published and read or bought, speculates that Ann may have been .....
gay. She had 17 pregnancies all of which died..............................
In this film the focus is on a lesbian love triangle involving the three leads....the historical support for which is simply not there and as a history buff that is my major fault with stuff like this. it rewrites history and leads many astray into believing film is truth. Unlike the eleanor roosevelt's paper trail involving a house near the main residence FDR built for her at which her two well known lesbian friends lived in, the monogramed pajamas and the arguably longing love letters over the decades between Eleanor and the residents of said cottage the evidence for Ann is mere speculation...dare i say fueled by tenure and grant money and the writer of this films fancy.
A sold by bitter film, destroyed by playing games with truth 1 star for this unpardonable sin of fake history

I'll just put it out there. "The Favourite" is a masterpiece of movie making on just so many different levels.The story grips you from the off. The gout-suffering Queen Anne (Olivia Colman) is being maniupulated from her bedchamber (both physically and mentally) by Lady Sarah Marlborough (Rachel Weisz), wife of a war-hero General. Arriving at the palace (actually Hatfield House in Hertfordshire) is Sarah's cousin Abigail (Emma Stone), fallen on hard times. But although joining the court as a "dirty parlour maid", Abigail is more than a match for Sarah in terms of political scheming and sculduggery. The scene is set for a no-holds battle royale to gain the affections of the queen and be the power behind the throne.First and foremost, the film presents a triumvirate of female star turns that would - I hope - immediately grab three of the slots for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress Oscar categories.We all know Olivia Colman as a UK national treasure, but with a movie past that has seen her primarily in smaller supporting roles, this should catapult her onto the worldwide stage. Colman is just unbelievably good as the mentally unhinged monarch Queen Anne. (If you look at the history of Queen Anne in relation to motherhood, referenced in the film, you can understand and sympathise with her mental state.) The camera spends leisurely periods focused on her features and many of these are just extraordinary. One such scene at a dance, with Anne unblinking and mentally deteriotating for what must be a good minute or two is so breathtaking that it made me giggle (inappropriately) with pure movie joy.Equally good is Rachel Weisz as the incumbant favourite Lady Sarah. Her transformation from someone fully in control to someone seeing a yawning turn in her fortunes approaching is just brilliantly done. Helped by superbly scripted lines ("How did you sleep?" asks Abigail; "Like a shot badger" spits out Sarah), she delivers brilliantly on a role that was reminiscent to me of Glenn Close's turn in "Dangerous Liaisons".Probably in 3rd place in the awards ranking, but not taking away anything from her excellent kick-ass performance, is Emma Stone as Abigail. We've seen similar performances from Stone before: indeed the film has a nice recreation of her "La La Land" audition breakdown at one point!Excellent in supporting roles, but rather overshadowed by the ladies, is Nicholas Hoult fully be-wigged as the leader of the opposition and the ever-reliable Mark Gatiss as Lord MarlboroughBased on the strong UK-talent and the Oscar buzz, the film has received a widespread distribution into UK multiplexes, but I think it has more of an arthouse feel to it that might trigger some disatisfaction from the general cinema-going public. (Looking back, I made exactly the same comment about "The Lobster".)But it is technically brilliant, and I'll call out some of the star turns in the technical department (since it's impossible to read any names from the crazily over-stylized end-titles).I've already referenced that the script has some memorable whip-smart lines ("Look at me! How dare you! Close your eyes!") all the more impressive that this is the debut movie screenplay by Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara.It is strikingly filmed, using fisheye lenses and to reflect an air of disquiet and paranoia. This always seem to be in use, but seem to be "more fishbowly" (not sure what the technical term is!) in some scenes than others. There are also some remarkable low-angle tracking shots: one of Rachel Weisz walking along a passageway is breathtakingly done. The cinematography is by Robbie Ryan, who did "I, Daniel Blake" and "American Honey" and I would approve of seeing it recognised in the awards season.Also fantastic are the costumes on show, particularly those worn by Rachel Weisz which are just stunning. As such, there's a second shout-out in two films ("Mary Poppins Returns") for Sandy Powell here.Also outstanding is the music composed and coordinated by Johnnie Burn. He's collaborated with the director on his previous films in various capacities as well as the surreal "Under the Skin". While the soundtrack comprises well-chosen period chamber music, there are also periods of intrusive and persistent electronic tones that reflect Sarah's rising crisis just beautifully.Holding the whole thing together is Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos. Lanthimos is a bit of an acquired taste that to date I haven't fully acquired. My one criticism with the film is the same one I levelled at "The Lobster" - that it is a tad overlong. A comedy, particularly a black-comedy, can outstay its welcome, and for me I think it would have been a better film if cut down to nearer 90 minute than two hours. (The film is divided into different titled segments, and if you want to orientate yourself as to where you are there are 8 of them.)I did appreciate though that Lanthimos managed to cheekily include a couple of lobsters into the script, along with his usual menagerie of rabbits and ducks! Having his work cut out then on this film was animal coordinator Gerry Cott!This is marketed as a "bawdy comedy-drama" and be warned that it is very, VERY bawdy. It's a 15 certificate in the UK (R in the US) and for once I'd view it as quite a lenient rating. There are lesbian sex scenes in the film which although subtle (you see less than in "Colette") are still relatively strong. However, the language is decidedly on the fruity side with liberal use of the F-word and the C-word. As such, it will not be for the easily offended.I don't bandy the word "masterpiece" around often, but in this case I think it's justified.(For the full graphical review, please check out One Mann's Movies on the web or Facebook. Thanks).

This is easily the best movie of the year in every measurable facet, most prominently the incredible writing, directing, ambition, cinematography, and most importantly the acting by the three lead actresses. Anyone who reviews this movie poorly simply and unfortunately does not understand/recognize the level of mastery exhibited in this film. It is clear that a lot of care and thought went into every single detail, and the director worked very hard to create many intricate layers of meaning and an endlessly watchable and absolutely hilarious dynamic between the main characters. If this does not win best picture and a slew of its other nominations it will be very disappointing, as I would compare the overall quality of this movie to the likes of Birdman, or The Kings Speech in terms of the best movies from the last decade. This is Lanthimos' best work yet, which is saying a LOT considering his works leading up to this, most notably The Lobster. But overall just make sure you see this movie if you have ANY capacity to appreciate real authentic art and moviemaking at its absolute finest and most innovative and passionate.

How on earth this wretched abomination of a mess of a film got such rave reviews is beyond baffling to me. Perhaps it's a case of The Emperor Wears No Clothes? Did some twisted film critic with very strange tastes declare his love of this nightmare and then everyone fell in line? It is boring, vulgar for vulgar's sake, foul, awkward, cruel and basically pointless with a God-awful sound track and an inexcusably bad ending. There were a couple of older women in the audience when I saw this waste of time who laughed out loud on occasion. But mostly, everyone sat there in shock that they had bought into this misery. Sadly, one of the laughing hyenas and her male companion thought it was appropriate to bring a boy of around 10 years old to witness this. Poor lad will likely never see anything so awful again in his years on earth. Unless you have 2 hours and a handful of dollars that you wish to throw away, go see anything but this pitiful excuse for film making.

Gross. The whole movie was repulsive. Nauseatingly so!! I have never seen so much vomit. Not funny. Oscar cringefest. The Green Book was so much better!! I was so optimistic. Great actresses and actors. If you want a female lead movie, see Annihilation. The Favorite takes a discounted version of history written by a politician that offended the queen and shows everyone at their worst.

I am royal history loopy so I was really looking forward to this as I also adore Olivia Coleman & Rachel Weize. however just 20 minutes in I was getting rather baffled. For a start I was hoping for comedy (there isen't any!) & an honest portrayal of the very real relationship Queen Anne had with Lady Sarah, but there was non of it. The performances were fine, but the editing was sloppy, the music down right weird, & the fish eye camera shots were headache inducing! I feel this one was a somewhat lost oppertunity but I must give a "well done" to the lead actresses. Ladies, you rock!

Terrible. Don't waste your time. Terrible terrible

The only thing exciting was the women kissing a few times. Other than good costumes and set design, a boring storyline. This is a skip for me.

Wasted 20 minutes of my life watching this rubbish

Poor soundtrack throughout and in parts nails on chalk board bad. Yet, a somewhat entertaining movie, buttressed by good acting. I could not help to notice the not so subtle attempt to emasculated the men, during a dress up medieval Lesbian Sexual/Political power play. The movie seemed to just give up at the end, confused how to end such a directionalless story after the power play had concluded.

This is movie was the worst movie. Storyline was bs and we walked out half way through the movie

Whenever a movie splits an audience into 10 and zero ratings you usually have a rubbish. This movie is a rubbish.Hard to believe that over 8,000 people voted 10 out of 10. have they NEVER seen a movie before? Have they never seen a movie better than piec e of junk before. Really people.

Let me begin this review with my final statement: The Favourite is magnificent, go and see it. You can stop reading now. Still here? Okay, let the gushing begin! It has been quite some time since I've seen a film where the performances match - exceeded even - the hype.Yorgos Lanthimos' film is an exceptional piece of work. Admittedly I am a little biased, having loved one of his previous works, The Lobster. The Favourite is a very different beast. Resembling another classic piece of cinema, All About Eve, in its story, The Favourite explores more pertinently the personal impact of each individual's actions.In this past awards season, Olivia Coleman has, rightfully, received widespread praise and recognition for her performance as sickly, petulant and willfully manipulated ruler, Queen Anne in eighteenth-century England.Though Coleman's performance is glorious, it works so well because of Rachel Weisz 's absorbing dark and powerful portrayal as Lady Sarah Churchill, along with Emma Stone's slyly cruel showing as Sarah's seemingly sweet but duplicitous cousin, Abigail Masham.Weisz's Sarah is the Queen's lady-in-waiting and her secret lover. She uses her position and close proximity to the Queen to exercise influence over matters of state and the war with France. When her down-on-her-luck cousin Abigail arrives at the Queen's court, asking for work, she allows her to stay.Confident of her status and given no reason to fear her young cousin's arrival, Sarah focuses her attention on influencing the Queen's decisions with regards to the war. Abigail, a lowly maid, is treated poorly by the other maids, who mistrust her and dislike her due to her relationship with Sarah.When the Queen's gout acts up and causes her great suffering, Abigail sees an opportunity and finds a root in the forest that helps to ease her pain. Initially, offended by her forwardness, Sarah has her beaten.But when she finds that the treatment helped her Queen, she takes Abigail under her wing. Abigail is now where she wants to be and make it her mission to better herself and her station in life, regardless of the consequences or impact on others.As I alluded to earlier, The Favourite is almost a parallel in story to the classic All About Eve. Rachel Weisz's Lady Sarah is like Bette Davis' Margo Channing, a star at the peak of her powers, not seeing her possible downfall until it is too late.Emma Stone's Abigail is almost exactly like the eponymous Eve Harrington. She shows a deferential willingness initially, but ruthlessly exploits the weakness and opportunities that are presented to her.So who is Olivia Coleman's Queen Anne in this parallel, you may ask? She is Hollywood. She is the one who makes or break someone. Without the Queen, the other two have no reason to exist or be.Besides the exceptional central performances, the script of this film and cinematography are the stars of this film. The palace looks grandiose and claustrophobic at the same time, especially with clever use of some fisheye lenses on occasion. The evening scenes, when characters move about the vast building with only candlelight, are wonderfully atmospheric.There are so many fantastic walking shots, where the camera just follows either Sarah or Abigail as they stride along or away from the Queen's quarters. Lanthimos takes the decision to use tracking, as opposed to steady-cam, when walking along the corridor, so there is none of the slightly rough, skewed movement you get in so many modern films.The script, by Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara, is a delight. Intelligent without being unintelligible. Set against the backdrop of a war, with a fragile monarch and a caustic, straight talking, lady-in-waiting and sneaky youngster, all women, all compelling.The men in the film are both important and unimportant. That is to say that when they are in the story, they serve their purpose, but never detract or are compelling enough to be explored. Also, they help to remind us how women were generally viewed in that time period, especially with the early treatment of Abigail.The Favourite is one of the best films of 2019 and is, in my opinion, deserving of all the awards and praise it has received. At two hours long, there are no wasted scenes or lulls that have you looking at your watch. Yorgos Lanthimos has crafted a masterpiece of a film. The Favourite is a magnificent film, go and see it.

I've seen all the films by this director, and I hated ALL of them. This one is slightly better, because he didn't write the screenplay (he's a mediocre director, but an awful scriptwriter, he's incompetent of writing well written characters and dialogues). But still, I really don't get how can critics and people call something like this a "masterpiece" and worthy of Oscars. What are they smoking? This is bad, pretentious art.
First, there is no plot. Nothing was happening, it felt like a series of disjointed skits. Second, besides a couple of lines by Colman, I didn't laugh with anything else. If this is considered a comedy, even a weird one, it was not funny. Third, it was absolutely dull, I was feeling bored from the first 20 minutes.I think most of the people who write good reviews about this film (or any film by this director), they just wanna impress, that they understand and like weird films. But I can not believe that they didn't feel bored and puzzled, especially towards the end.If this is considered good filmmaking and all (or most) movies were like this, I wouldn't bother with cinema at all. This is not good cinema for me. It's rubbish. I want to feel something when I see a film, any kind of film, from the most independent with the lowest budget, to the biggest blockbuster. This film gave me nothing to think about, it was void.

Seriously 😂 most overrated movie this is hell. I was so enthusiastic to watch this after his nomination for Oscar but believe me movie have nothing to watch waste of time if there will be politics its can be win award also like shape of water. If this was biography then seriously if it doesn't exist nothing going to be change in this world

I cannot see how everyone is going mad for this! Maybe it will take a couple of watches to change my mind.
There were a few funny moments but not laughs-a-minute throughout. I could have got it wrong thinking it was a period comedy.
The cast/camera angles/locations did keep me watching otherwise I would of been tempted to leave before the end.

A score of 8 is beyond me. This is the first film I have ever walked out on. Utter weird nonsense with unnecessary foul language that doesn't at all suit the story. The trailer is very deceiving in the way it illustrates the film. I didn't laugh once in the 30 minutes that I put up with it.

Best part was the textiles. . . The costume budget for this period piece must have run into the commissary bills, because not a lot of sharp focus was spent on the foods being gorged, but a ton was spent on sharply couture period wear. I wish more time was spent on the story and script,what there was of it. I'm pretty sure I heard the use of 'ok' and I know I heard a character describe being 'blindsided.' This does not good dialogue make.
It seems to be a period piece set out of its period. And there are no likable people in it, nor very believable people in it. It is a movie which winks.....maybe at itself. But is it trying for a modern statement or merely surrealism?But after two hours I couldn't say what the relevance of any of this was other than slow entertainment. It seemed to be scene after scene of unrealistic and somewhat petty cattiness drossed up to what is supposed to be modern sensibilities.I predict it will do well at the Oscars, not well among real large scale viewership, and vanish as an also- ran into the future. I do not think it is a pleasant watch for the average human, historian, but if you're into fabrics, definitely worth a rent.

This movie is appallingly pretentious. Every elongated shot with a fisheye lens feels like a gratuitous round of self-applause by this dreadful director, who undercuts his visual achievements by parading them in such a self-congratulatory manner.This movie is interminable, propelled along by its own self-importance. Do not go and see it in the cinema: watch it at home so you can switch it off if you realise that it's pretentious rubbish. What a waste of some great performances and visual design.

None of the stories are developed (Abigail and her husband, lady Sarah and her husband, even Abigail and the queen is very superficial). It ends without ending really, it's missing 10mn or at least a text on screen to explain what happened to the characters. Bunch of scene are useless except to show "provocative" nudity... (e.g. the naked guy being thrown fruits at). Overall just a bunch of excuses to show Emma Stone's assests...

It should have been an interesting movie in theory -- but this was terribly mishandled. I mean, how many times can you show people striding down a long dark hallway from one bedroom to another and expect the audience to be interested. So much repetition, so slow moving. The acting was good - oftentimes excellent - but the script was a mess, the direction was haphazard and it was historically a train wreck.Dangerous Liaisons (1988) was a similar type of movie - and is a great example of how to do a drawing room comedy/drama. The Favourite is a good example of what not to do with this genre.

It does not tell a compelling story, it isn't funny, and the characters are vile hateful people. I suppose if you were unaware that aristocracy in England at the time, was involved in hedonistic debauchery, it may hold a kind of trainwreck quality.Did this subject need to be explored?A must see if you enjoy watching lots of long walks through long halls of a castle. Seriously, it seems like 20% of the movie.

The film has little direction. Yes, there are characters who drive "the narrative", but there is little focus and centrality on the queen. Instead we see two women competing for the queen's affections mostly to maximise their personal prestige. These two characters, both being masters of manipulation, define the film's entire content. They aren't redeemable or even likeable in the slightest unless you are the type of person who happens admires powerful machiavellian sorts of people who are venomous towards each other. Oh and apparently that was funny to some members of the audience, though only a minority. I think the only reason it was regarded as so was because they were women who are basically saying subtle passive aggressive things, a bit like the sort of incidents that happen in boorish tv soap dramas. The film would've been better if they had explored more in depth and mademore central the character of the queen but any personal analysis of her was pretty superficial. The trailer that was shown to advertise the film and lure an audience seemed to encapsulate the best bits of in the entire film.The sound was pretty abysmal, repetitive and unbearable to hear during several scenes.There are plenty of 'scenes that are just stuck in for no good reason other than to try to set the tone or establish pacing, but they are excessive and end up dragging out the love triangle story unnecessarily. This is presumably done in the name of artistic license but it all feels a bit forced, as if to make the audience think they've seen more than they actually have. I suppose this magic trick it works for those who are easily impressed by the film's aesthetics and those who favour a long-running dialogue as opposed to a guided plot which allows the potential for more things to actually happen. Good acting doesn't mean much without an engaging plot.Truth be told, I had no idea that the film was directed by the director of The Lobster and Dogtooth. I'm not someone who has ever needed to check a film's director to assess whether it's worth the time to watch it. However, I have found that with Yorgos Lanthimos' films this is highly required as they tend to be so absurdist that they always ruin any attempt to maintain coherence, emotional engagement or intrigue. This film is so absurdist that it feels more like you're watching the raw thoughts in someone's head, a dream, rather than an organised, finished work. For some, the very fact that it is so absurdist and trangresses the traditional boundaries of a film genre would perhaps be appealing and gloriously avante-garde. Personally, I didn't think this and found that this formula started to go stale pretty quickly. Thus, by the end I was left feeling completely unsatisfied.

I'm somewhat of a fan of Greek auteur Yorgos Lanthimos, and was excited to see this new dark comedy from him set in period Britain. The film centers around the relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill, and how such relationship is affected when the cousin of the latter arrives seeking employment. The film offers an eclectic mix of dark comedy and great cinematography, but doesn't completely hold together, which was slightly disappointing.Lanthimos' unique cinematography is outstanding throughout, as are many of his commendable aesthetic choices that help enrich the film's unique quality and tone. The acting is generally strong throughout, with the distinct nature of each performance among the three lead actresses enhancing the viewing experience. Unfortunately, however, the film's script has a number of concerns. The film's writing attempts to be witty and funny much of the time, but such lines of wit and humor do not always land. Some of the more raunchy moments are well-placed, but others just feel puerile or ridiculous. For a prestige film from an acclaimed auteur revered by many serious film buffs, the film can end up feeling quite lowbrow at times, which can alienate the viewer from some of the more serious commentary of the time period Lanthimos is depicting, particularly with regards to the issue of gender roles and the patriarchal nature of the society and culture. The total shifts can be quite jarring, even more so when one stops to consider that not all scenes played for comedic effect are particularly funny or even amusing at face or literal value. A majority of the film is paced properly and well, yet the third act can come off as anti-climactic. Ultimately, while I didn't dislike "The Favourite," I did expect a bit more from what some pundits have determined will likely be a top-tier Oscar contender this fall. 6/10

Truly one of the worst bits of arthouse cinematography I've ever watched, the fish eye and bad cuts/continuity problems combined with the horrible ending make for a straight to video movie.It was like watching Ed Wood and David Lynch make a film with Hunter S Thompson running the cameras ... All while tripping on peyote.Truly a shame as the story could have been intelligent, engaging and entertaining (none of which are present here).

I have only once reviewed a film before, but i could nothelp myself not to review this one...I think overrated film..At the beginning seems interesting but i have the feeling that i just watched a porn film only that it had high budget,fancy actors and nice scenery.I feel like that critics and the academy are being pretentious declaring that this is a quality film. Unless i am not sophisticated enough i do not think that this film is nice. quirky films doesn't mean automatically that they are artistic or sophisticated or only intellectual people get it and not the rest of us.I also think that uses unnecessary language just to provoke. That is the only reason...

The art direction, set direction, costume design, and cinematography were all top notch. This, after all, is an art film. But of a particular genre that could only be called arty farty. There is nothing of substance whatsoever beneath the thin veneer of glitzy surface (albeit at times muddy). Nothing rings true. Nothing happens in a way that one could believe would actually happen that way. In fact, things happen, multiple things, for which there are no explanations. They just suddenly happen because they make good visual glitz. And happening they don't reach their logical conclusions. Premises are cast aside and ignored, basically slapping the thinking viewers upside their heads. It's not just the history that is wrong, it is certain explanations, character arcs, psychology; set ups and expectations that go nowhere, that just die as orphans in the pretty wasteland of this movie.

"The Favourite" is a rarity in studio films; it feels fresh and original, intellectual and weird. It defies both description and expectation, leaving you unsettled, confused, and yet pleasantly warm.Your experience watching "The Favourite" will not be enhanced by a deep knowledge of the plot, or of the historical events that surround the story. Indeed, the film reflects England under Queen Anne in much the same way that Game of Thrones echoes the Wars of the Roses, which is to say: sorta. In the world of "The Favourite," historical figures blithely employ anachronistic dialogue. Slanderous allegations of yore become genuine plot points. If the movie were making any sort of pretense towards historical accuracy, this might all be grating. "The Favourite," however, is far more concerned with constructing its sophisticated narrative than with faithfully depicting 18th century Britain to impress the four historians in the audience.Our players, affectionate, shrewd, and manipulative, are as follows: Olivia Colman plays Queen Anne-gout-ridden, somewhat simple, and yet warm. Rachel Weisz is Sarah, the Duchess of Marlborough-the Queen's friend, confidante, and puppet-master. Emma Stone, rounding out the triumvirate, plays Abigail-a noble cousin to the Duchess who has fallen below her station (her condition is most delightfully represented by her appearance in court: slathered with excrement). Lady Marlborough employs Abigail as her own maid, bringing her into the Queen's sphere with dramatic consequences.All three actresses are exemplary, imbuing their performances with expressions and tics that communicate the veiled struggle for influence that their dialogue disguises. As Lady Marlborough and Abigail begin to square off, the chemistry between Rachel Weisz and Emma Stone becomes electric, their interactions nuanced and pregnant with subtext. Were "The Favourite's" DVD release to mimic "Lord of the Rings," with an hour of extra footage of Sarah and Abigail sniping at one another, I assure you, I'd be first in line at the Blockbu...internet to purchase it. Olivia Colman, too, is extraordinary. Her Queen Anne is stubborn and self-destructive, feeble, and eminently manipulable. Yet she is also witty, loving, and canny, making her sympathetic, rather than simply pathetic.Though the actors' respective roles could easily devolve into familiar tropes, "The Favourite" resists such simplification. Moral ambiguity is rife in "The Favourite." If you're hoping to divide the three leads into "good guys" and "bad guys," you will be continually disappointed. Such explicit designations (and the gendered assumptions implicit therein) have no place in this film. Each main character is, at times, manipulative, trusting, duplicitous, and loyal. They are, in short, human. Cruelty and ambition often live cheek-by-jowl with kindness and friendship in the human heart. If all this friction has you eagerly anticipating a "cat-fight," then I bid you welcome to 2018, Archie Bunker, but you, too, shall leave the theater disgruntled. You will find conflict to spare in "The Favourite," but it is hardly a voyeuristic fantasyland. I know, I know, way too much talky-talky and not enough sexy-slappy. I get it. Now run along to the box office and see if they'll still let you swap your ticket for Robin Hood."The Favourite" defies cinematic tradition by surrounding three complex, nuanced female characters with one-dimensional men. The male supporting cast is neither uninteresting nor unlikeable, but their motivations tend to be simple, their personalities, caricatures. These men's foppish displays are entertaining, no doubt, but they do not captivate the attention like the exchanges between Anne, Sarah, and Abigail. Turnabout is fair play, and this story demands sophisticated interplay between its three feminine leads, while only requiring men for the occasional plot device. Never fear, my masculine brethren. No fewer than six male-driven films were released around the same week as "The Favourite". The feminist takeover of Hollywood with deviations like "speaking roles for women" remains in its infancy.Helming this new-age feminist hellscape is Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos, who deserves a great deal of credit for establishing the odd world of "The Favourite". Lanthimos' whole visual aesthetic is peculiar, with wide, fisheye lenses and odd, unexpected camera angles ("What if I put the camera under the table for this conversation?" I imagine him asking). In addition, Lanthimos does not like to use traditional film lighting. His exteriors rely on natural light, while his nighttime scenes give a real impression of being candle-lit, with hard shadows and dark corners. If Lanthimos wishes to unsettle the viewer with his aesthetic, he succeeds masterfully. Even during otherwise innocuous conversations, you may feel a creeping trepidation as your neck hairs stand on end. "The Favourite" isn't particularly off-putting or violent, but you will feel strangely uncomfortable, despite all the humor, until the credits roll.Although "The Favourite" is thematically - and cinematically - dark, it is often also shockingly funny. The dialogue is snappy and well-tuned, and the actors' interplay with one another is perfectly coordinated. Dull, expository dialogue, usually wielded with all the subtlety of a self-important sledgehammer in historical dramas, here flits across the screen like a hummingbird, lingers briefly, and is gone again. Instead, a droll sort of whimsy prevails. At times, laughter felt wrenched from the audience, as we surprised ourselves with our own snorts of glee. Humor is rarely so cathartic as when your fingernails are digging grooves into your palms. It would be a mistake to classify "The Favourite" as a "comedy," I think, but for all its gloom, it is hardly grim. Complexity necessitates a balance between darkness and light; between tragedy and comedy. "The Favourite" deftly manages that tension better than most films."The Favourite" is not a movie for everyone. It will be too "much" for some, too weird for others, and, sadly, too woman-centric for many (one does not expect a tweet from our dear president, for instance, extolling his love for this film). Nevertheless, "The Favourite" is brilliant. The writing is witty, the sets are lavish, and the acting is exceptional. It is a symphony of odd, eccentric anachronisms that will leave you tearing through a dictionary for the right words to describe it, always coming up a bit short.

I saw this film at the San Diego film festival this weekend and it was quite a delight. Of course, being from the director it's from, I was worried it wasn't actually going to be a comedy at all and I'd be horrified. Not the case at all. This was Just a fun film of Emma stone and Rachel Weisz antagonizing each other for two hours. The ending was a bit strange, but a rather enjoyable film.

Ponderous and slow with a headache inducing soundtrack. Three unlikeble main characters, a meandering storyline and confusing ending. Perhaps l'm just not getting what all the fuss is about regarding this movie, l was so not entertained.

Firstly, let me clear that I have no issues with the actors in this film, as they all did a fine job. I just find that this film has irritated me. It seems as though someone has taken the story, and realising that this might not be enough to get anyone to watch the film, decided to add in the "humour" and swearing, to make it a bit edgy, and get people talking. It clearly worked, and I wish everyone involved tremendous success from it.But, come on. Richard Curtis did all of this 25 years ago with Blackadder The Third, and the cast of that series could easily have slotted in here, with probably about 30 minutes rehearsal to review their original scripts from that time.Other audience members where I was seemed to share a broadly similar disappointment. A case of "don't believe the hype". In fairness, the guy behind me laughed all of the way through the film, at every line. Easily pleased I guess.Forget this piece of crap, and go and watch A Private War instead. Now there's a story worth telling, in more ways than one.

I remember a time when, if a movie was candidated as best picture and for several other Academy Awards, one could be certain that it was a great film.
Now this is clearly not a warranty anymore.
Already "Moonlight" was terrible, but I must say this one is on the same level.
It is very slow, incredibly boring, and horribly filmed.
The music is very annoying, it is vulgar, not at all funny (the director clearly ignores the meaning of the word "comedy "), and really, really bad.
The story could have been developed so much better, instead the quality of the film is so low that the plot is completely wasted.
The director clearly wanted to do something innovative and extravagant, but one must be talented for that to be a success, and in his case it ended up in a disaster.
The actresses are talented but it is painful to see them in such a poor performance.
Don't waste any time or money on this disgusting two hours.
Hope the director will change job, cinema is clearly not his thing.

What a boring movie.
The whole plot did nothing for me. Was happy it ended.
Save your money and time, nothing worth seeing here.

I never wrote a movie review before, but after this perverted disconstruction of the human kind, where black humor is used as an excuse to hide the perversity portrayed by the ones who made it, there is not one positive aspect of the movie. Unnecessary language, dark vile relationships that exagerate with no purpose the historical facts and events the characters get envolved with. Bad music, vile dialogue... the movie is portrayed through the trailers as a comedy, there s no comedy in this. It is outrageous to see these positive reviews in to something that has nos significant contributions our purpose other than perversity... a movie aimed to criticize something cannot get lost in its own absurd narrative with unnecessary filhtyness... sexual content bad intentions and inuendo innuendo drips from every single minute of this tragedy of movie...Save your money for a star is born pals... team gaga all the way

Wauw what a waste of time. Good acting sure but the story has no substance. Everyone is just cursing and whining the entire film... the ending an utter disappointment. My boyfriend was asleep by halfway.

Normally I never think of leaving a movie early. But this one drove me right to the edge. Some may find it a master piece with the development of relationships and the theme of jealousy. However I thought it was a complete waste of 2 hours. There is no proper story line and the movie leans on sound effects and screenplay. But it does not cover up the lack of drama and purpose. All in all garbage.

If Hollywood gives this dreadful film even one Oscar then it will confirm that Hollywood is indeed part of the swamp. Boring, pornographic, inaccurate so please don't waste your precious time on this movie. Absolute rubbish.

OK. I get it. Over the top historical costume drama. Supposed to be funny (not one bit). Add lots of sex and 'realistic' language Add some strong performances. Stir. Great movie. Not. Not even close. If you don't have car chases and superhero and kung-fu fighting what you have left is character and plot. The three main characters in this movie simply rang false. More than false. Absurd. Neither historically true nor dramatically true. Queen Anne? Competent ruler of England for I think fourteen years. Had seventeen miscarriages. What do you think? A total wimp who lets herself be dominated by a woman? Then by another woman? Are we kidding. And Lady Churchill. Wife of a general. In 1800 or so in a society completely dominated by men. Sure. She gets to act like wonder woman on steroids. And somehow gets away with it? It seemed so wrong it was obviously some kind of joke. I guess. Or incompetence more likely. It's like this movie was anachronistic at the stupidest level possible -- like the director was simply too dense to understand that society was different in 1800, that even Hollywood 'interpersonal' melodrama has to be modified to fit the world of the times. If you make a movie that is entirely character driven, you damn well better ensure that your characters make some kind of human sense. In this movie they made almost no human sense. But it was still kind of fun and the acting, given the god awful script, was interesting to watch so it wasn't a total loss.

The only reason I gave this movie more than one star is because of the actors. They were all excellent with the roles they were given. However, besides the actors and the detail to attention of the era in which the movie is set, this movie is a colossal waste of two hours. I am a history professor, and I adore a good period piece. This movie is less about historical fact and more about the salacious rumors surrounding Queen Anne and her ladies. Granted, the story is a piece of history, but have some class and present both sides of this story.Regardless, the movie is laden with ridiculous profanity, unnecessary over the top sexual content and frankly boring. I love Emma Stone and her movies; this one, not so much.

Don't believe the negative reviews. This is the most extraordinarily good movie what I've seen in the last ten years. Just don't expect anything normal :)

So I saw The Favorite at the theater. I was really looking forward to the movie. It has an absolutely phenomenal ensemble cast plus the director Yorgos Lanthimos knows his way around an interesting and provocative film. Overall I was blown away with the movie. It may be my favorite film of 2018, pun intended. If nothing else it might be the best made film of 2018. I cannot recommend the film enough to everyone.The plot of the movie is very unconventional. This is not a movie with a grand historical scope. There are no intense battle scenes or extravagant narratives. While there is a war that occurs during the film it merely serves as a plot device to carry the actual narrative. The real meat of the movie is the political intrigue and rich dialogue. Pretty much the entire film takes place at the Queens royal estate. This is an immensely sharp and witty film that constantly plays with the viewers expectation. It somehow perfectly mixes elements of comedy, drama, and suspense perfectly to keep you entertained. I can say I was completely engaged the entire time.Instead of an epic narrative we witness the political and social struggles of two women as they fight for the affection of the queen. One a social climber hell-bent on achieving wealth and prestige while the other is a seasoned political matriarch who controls the kingdom from behind the scenes. In a complex mental chess game these two women attempt to outwit each other at every turn. They lie, cheat, steal, and even use sex to their advantage. It's a film the asks the question how far would you go to live a life of luxury. In many ways the film seems like the bastard child of Game of Thrones, The Lion in winter, and Barry Lyndon. This of course is high praise considering all three are at the pinnacle of political dramas and amazing dialogue.The genius of the film is in the rich textual layers of dialogue that are the center of every interaction. I haven't seen dialogue so smart and biting in a long time. It somehow is hysterical, but at the same time manages to not come off as campy and overdone. I had so much fun watching two people throw backhanded insult at each other all the while in the context of a royal palace.You really starting to love and hate most of the characters at the same time throughout the film. All of the characters were exceptionally well-written and very engaging. Everyone had their own agenda and motivations that felt genuinely human. There was no glamorizing the human condition here. Human nature was Illustrated raw and animalistic.The film was also a critique and attack on the decadence and disconnect that elites in higher social classes embody. The film illustrates how far removed the wealthy are from the struggles of the average man and that they have no problem manipulating and using individuals to their advantage. The movie also offers social commentary regarding gender norms and ideas of sexuality. Concepts of masculinity and femininity are questioned while the film also offers critiques on The Cult of Femininity. It was all around an incredibly layered film that says quite a bit while never coming across as preachy.Of course this might be one of the best acted films of the year. Other than the TV show Peep Show I wasn't very familiar with Olivia Colman. That was my mistake. She was absolutely incredible. She perfectly embodied the characteristics of a power drunk yet fragile Queen Anne. At every turn she brought something new to her charater that made the queen a richly complex figure. She also had physical and mental transformation as the film went along that would make Daniel Day-Lewis stop and take note. She deserves an Oscar for this role.Rachel Weisz is another actress that I was blown away with. I know her from a few separate roles but I was never very impressed. She always seemed like a competent, but forgettable actress. This roll completely changes how I feel about her. While the dialog was sharp her delivery was incredible. She brought so much to a well-written script with this performance. She really held a number of scenes together with her screen presence alone. I absolutely loved her in this. I can easily see her being nominated for best supporting actress.Of course I have to mention Emma Stone. Now I greatly dislike Emma Stone. She has some good roles, but there's something about her I can't stand. That being said this was easily one of her best performances. She managed to portray the wide range of emotions her character embodied throughout the film while still remaining very human. She could play sweet and naive one moment followed my cunning and brutal the next. She easily made a character fans could love to hate.Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz genuinely had some great chemistry together. The film provided an absolutely incredible ensemble performance worth seeing for its acting alone. While it's easy to overlook his performance in the face of so many strong leads Nicholas Hoult really did a good job also. His character was hilarious and provided some memorable scenes.If this film doesn't get nominated for best director then something is wrong. Yorgos Lanthimos made an absolute masterpiece of a film. He is known for his quirky and often out of this world storytelling. This is the man that brought us the Lobster which was such a bizarrely unique ride. With The Favorite he managed to tell a story in such a complex manner that is almost comes across that we're watching a play. He took a subject that was ultimately irrelevant and made it captivating. One of my personal favorite elements was his incorporation of sound. The score was outstanding, but the way he used it brought so much tension and life to every scene. The score felt like a character in itself that Incorporated an additional layer of depth to the film.Plus there was some truly stunning cinematography throughout the film that made the movie pure eye candy. The film is absolutely beautiful in so many ways. It perfectly captured the decadent aesthetic of the era. The costume and set design were flawless. You really felt like you were witnessing the day to day world of those living at the Queens manor.I loved the movie. The only real criticism I can think of deals more with viewer expectations. If you walk into the film expecting a rich historical epic you are going to be disappointed. If you are expecting action and a grand narrative you will be disappointed. If you expect something other than two hours of dialogue and political intrigue you will be disappointed. If you want a realistic portrayal of history you will be disappointed. If you want a story with a conclusion that is tied up with a nice bow you will probably get angry at the ending. It's hard to fault a film however for things it was never trying to be.The Favorite is officially my current pick for this award season. The movie offers so much to its audience, but you have to be an active viewer. The film has some of the best dialogue I've seen in years and utterly flawless delivery. The characters are complex and interesting and their interactions absolute carry the film. Technical wise this is the best film of 2018. I recommend it to everyone as this is certainly a must-watch film. It may not be for everyone, but it was a truly unique and engrossing experience. A 9.5 out of 10.

Biting remarks and bad behaviour are the essence of the narrative, with nods to pathos at intervals, without great theme or plot. The viewer is satiated with spectacle but unsatisfied, a poor outcome given the history missed or mystified.

Absolute rubbish!! A mish mash of scenes that didn't make sense, and vulgarity and obscenity for the sake of it. If it wasn't for the fact that I had taken a friend with me to see this film, and didn't know what she thought of it, I would have walked out. It turned out that she was disgusted with it also.
We agreed that in future if the critics give a film high praise, we will avoid it.

Horrible! Just horrible! I really have no idea what movie people who gave high rating watched! What I watched was a truly horrible one, although I have to see there were a few really good actresses. Aside from that, nothing was really going for this movie. Hated the humor too! Listen to the negative reviews and don't waste your time or money!

Can't say I enjoyed it at all. Only thing I enjoyed was the acting. Music at times was so annoying and repetitive I wanted to plug my ears. Weird stupid movie

Many things about the reign of Queen Anne are important: the possible Catholic restoration in Britain; the succession question and Scottish Stuart allegiances; the survival of Britain as a United Kingdom. But the problem of who would sexually service the queen was not one of them. I have never seen an historical movie less worthy of attention than this one.

This movie sucked. Just because you throw on a costume and call it art doesn't make it great. It just shows how much of difference critics tastes and audiences tastes are. The trailer is extremely misleading. There wasn't anything all that funny in this movie. The acting was good but it wasn't good enough to save the movie and make it enjoyable. This movie isn't even worth a rental or to watch it for free. If I could I would've saved two hours of my life and watched something more entertaining.

This is the typical movie that the critics like and it makes no sense. Then people say they like it because they think they should. Not a good movie at all. I gave it 3 stars just because I like Emma Stone.

Most of the actual history is gotten right. VERY pretty. OK, that is the good news!Now the bad. It appears that for directors, writers, and producers that demonstrating "artistry ", and how "different " THEIR picture is, trumps telling the audience a story that is interesting about people you can care about. I shudder to think what the result would be if this bunch got theeir hands on Homer's story of tthe Odyssey!

I frankly cannot see what all the hype is about. All the other contestants for the Baftas and Oscars are much better. I have seen these actors in much better films. I walked out after 20 Minutes, it was so bad.

I never do that to a film, but just had to. Fish bowl lense at times, weird sounds over the dialogue, bad camera angles so difficult to hear the dialogue. Just could not - nor did I want to - follwo it for the first 20 minutes either.'Downton Abbey on drugs' - DA was superb, but this is just a weird film.I suspect too many people involved who could not bear to write this film off as a dud, so like a lot of art, and fashion from some famous designers, praise is unfairly awarded.Olivia Colman is an excellent actress but can't bear to watch any more to find out if she is in this film.Avoid, truely, avoid

I had been raving to friends and family about a great film that I was so excited to see in the new year. I made my other half use our free tickets and forced him to come along to what I told him would be a great comedy.Oh dear. I was really taken aback by the swearing and lesbian action that seemed to be the main part of the film. I kept waiting for it to be funny but it never did. The life of the three women was clearly the point of the story; sadness, hopelessness and a total sense of desperation. It appears, from the film, that back in the day women were in charge of everything and men were just playthings to go to war and marry.I was quite bored and the only moment I cared about anything was near the end when a rabbit looked like it was going to meet it's maker. Dull story, odd music in 2 scenes and a messed up drama. I would never recommend it to anyone and I'm so glad I didn't take my mum.

This film is completely overhyped and overrated, not funny at all. I was in a full cinema and I did not hear much laughter at all. Boring and dull and not worth the admission fee. Don't worry waste your time and money.

I literally fell asleep 3 times and didn't bother trying to get to the end. The soundtrack was extremely annoying.
