
A terrific Spike Lee film with humor and gut wrenching truths. My first reaction was that the villains were too one dimensional, caricaturesque. It was impossible to stay with them for more than a few seconds - even that outrageous scene of connubial bliss where she expresses her willingness, in the most romantic terms, to kill Blacks. I recoiled in horror and kind of laughing nervously - what is this, a satire? And then, I realized - the real life villanis are one dimensional, they are caricaturesque, they are their own satire. John David Washinton is great and sounds just like his father. Adam Driver brings a presence that is nothing short of compelling, The final real life images are devastating, I highly recommend it.

There's much good about this movie, starting with Ron Stallworth's incredible deception of the Klu Klux Klan. Racism in all its ugliness is powerfully shown. There's a lot of humor at the expense of some really dumb people. 
Unfortunately, there's a lot wrong with the movie too. Most of this is because the director embellished the true story. I'm not a big fan of directors tinkering with what really happened in order to add their own touch, and then still claim "based on a true story".
The result of the tinkering is a very uneven movie, particularly in the apparently "easy" parts of infiltrating the KKK and the "hard" parts where things go wrong. The "easy" parts are, remarkably, mostly the true story. Apparently this wasn't dramatic enough, so a lot of fictional "hard" parts were added to build tension including whole characters and situations. That's bad enough, but the added parts often made no sense, such as having no real origin (like one character's intense suspicions) and no resolution to the dilemma presented - they just seem to go away, are forgotten or have no effect on the inevitable story arc. Many seem to have been thrown in only to make already duped people look even more ridiculous. 
The characters themselves are, with a few exceptions, just caricatures. It's not hard to figure out what's next since they do exactly what you expect.
Eventually the movie just got boring since it all moved to an inevitable and very easy to see end. Ultimately, the movie is maybe an hour of an amazing true and humorous story marred by over an hour of superfluous and poorly executed fiction.

My wife and I watched this at home on DVD from our public library. Although it runs a bit long at just over 2 hours it is such an interesting story, well-told, that it never seemed too long.The whole story is based on the 2014 book by Ron Stallworth, of his experiences in the 1970s in Colorado Springs as a fresh police officer, and the first black man to that position in that city. The character is very well played by John David Washington. In real life Stallworth had been an achiever in high school and wanted to make a difference as a police officer.On a whim he notices an ad which was recruiting members for a new KKK chapter in the Colorado Springs area. Having a phone voice and speaking manner not easily identified as black he successfully applied for membership, and at one point even speaking directly to David Duke in New Orleans.Ron would not have gotten very far in his ruse without a white man to replace him in live encounters, for this he recruited the help of fellow police officer,
Adam Driver as Flip Zimmerman who happened to be Jewish, another ethnic target of the KKK. Together they thwarted some serious KKK mischief planned.For a very serious subject the movie director Spike Lee injects a fair share of humor, all very appropriate. Near the end the events of the 1970s are intercut with modern events and protests, showing that white supremacy activities are far from over.

I've generally liked Spike Lee films over the years. I had high expectations or this one, given the awards. 
Many negative reviews have already covered issues of pacing and writing and editing, which I generally agree with. As a person who's been an anti-racism activist my entire life, I felt this film was heavy handed and propagandist. If a woke person can feel this is heavy handed, imagine how those not on board with the topic can be totally feel propagandised, how futile is it in regards to effectiveness at creating social change?
On the point of marketing, speaking points, and the ridiculous opening line about being based on a true story. So many reviews here state their amazement and how impressed they are at a Jewish person and a black person working together like this. This is a lie, there is no Jewish partner in the book, it is completely fictionalised. Furthermore, confounding race issues with religious issues is truly a non starter. 
But most of the film is fictionalised. The majority of the book is about his undercover work AGAINST black activists, which he spent over three years on.
Given the actual facts as laid out in the book, this film really goes down in ratings. The false marketing is the saddest statement about our society. When people are more interested in virtue-signalling than the truth. 
Had the production values been better, at least it might have been enjoyable as a stand alone, without the pretence of being based on the book, but I kept falling asleep, idiot conversations droned on endlessly and completely took me out of the film. So it's a fail both on production values and TRUTH.
The high rating says a lot about how important virtue-signalling has become in our society.

Spike Lee has created an almost unimaginably uneven career in films, but it has never been in doubt, that he is one of the most talented American filmmakers of his generation. And should you have forgotten that, now you can remind yourself by watching the amazing "BlacKkKlansman", which won the Grand Prix at Cannes in May."BlacKkKlansman" tells the true story of a rookie African American police officer who in the 70's infiltrated in the KKK, but that's certainly not what the movie is about. Lee tackles head-on the contemporary hot topics of racism, the police killing black Americans, and white supremacy to create an overwhelming pamphlet about the American identity - which has been hurled into a state of great confusion after the last presidential election.Movies don't come much more political as this one. In a way, "BlacKkKlansman" is a companion piece to "The Post" - a movie that similarly discussed the current political climate in a 70's setting - but with loads more of blackness, humour, anger and attitude. It's a better movie, too.Though not perfect. Form-wise, "BlacKkKlansman" is sometimes paced oddly and feels needlessly long: not overlong, exactly, because you're not going to be bored for a minute. Visually it could have used a little more of the delicious textures typical of those 70's blacksploitations it makes references to.But Lee is such a virile storyteller, that you can't help but get sucked in it all. And he has SO much to say. "BlacKkKlansman" is at its savage best when putting in perspective the official holier-than-thou image of the white Americans: Harry Belafonte cameos as an eye-witness of the beastly lynching of Jesse Washington in 1916.Actors in "BlacKkKlansman" are great. John David Washington excels in the lead role. Adam Driver signs what is arguably his best role to date. Ryan Eggold is terrific as the local boss of the KKK, and the Finnish Jasper Pääkkönen impresses as his right hand man. The biggest surprise of all is Topher Grace, who is near-ingenious as David Duke, a well-mannered bag of sleaze in a three-piece."BlacKkKlansman" is an incredibly rich and stirring piece of contemporary cinema with enough stuff to fuel a conversation for hours. Or days. You can get a lot less with a price of a movie ticket these days.

I will echo what others have thought about this movie....totally disappointed. After reading glowing reviews and now the movie is up for major awards, I can't help wonder -- WHY? What did those critics see and hear and feel that I didn't. This movie was a snooze and made no sense in its chronological eventing of how Stallworth went from a PD records clerk to an undercover cop. I didn't smile or laugh and feel this is a total fail for Spike Lee. I see the movie made money, glad for that, but honestly, it's a dullard.

First off I'll say that seeing Jordan Peele's name on the credits and the trailer set my standards really high. And for the first half or so the film genuinely did seem interesting. There's no real conflicting values going on. As soon as Ron's love interest starts to question him, he just gives his view and they walk off. And then after the explosion, they're happy again. What. At the initial rally with the black activist it seemed like a genuine internal moral conflict would start to brew, with the way the scene was paced and the great acting from Corey Hawkins. But nope, nothing was jeopardized; nothing happened. Every single time something seems to go wrong everyone just walks it off. The lack of character development was just plain annoying.The pacing was just awful as well. When the car with the klansmen was driving to the house near the end, there was no change in music, or even camera angles. They give you this enormous build-up with the whole meeting with David Duke and the seemingly botched plan, but it only ends up with an explosion that solves the whole problem. No sense of suspense or intensity at all, even though there was a bloody bomb involved. The scene was saved when the police mistook Ron for a rapist, but again, the scene was too slow and there was no atmosphere. What I thought was the climax with the old man's story once again didn't end with anything. I feel like this film was just taking the piss out of my expectations and robbing me of any enjoyment.And yeah, I did expect a stylish, fast-paced Tarantino-esque flick. But that's not even the issue. Everything is SO in-your-face, there's no interpretation left to the viewer, no hidden message or symbolism. The dialogue just straight up tells the audience what's going on. No sense of mystery, suspense or viewer involvement.And then the last part with the current footage was just milking it. Maybe it's because I don't live in the US. but it was just such an awkward watch, especially the flag bit. I'm surprised that was really the only violent part of the film.I think more people are too concerned with the message (which is of course legitimate and current), that they forget about actually being entertained. Before you accuse me of being racist, I myself am coloured and I ENJOY watching these types of films. This was just poor. There are much better movies out there.

We are living in extremely polarizing times when it comes to race relations. This film is based on a true story about a white man and black man working together to tackle a hate group, and that would have sent such a powerful message. Instead, the white guy's race was changed. And as a fan of the original book, I'm just left scratching my head. And it helps to nullify the dynamic between a white and black person working together; in other words it explains why the first two thirds of the film seems a little boring and almost like filler.

I didn't enjoy this film because it is too cartoonish for a « true story » about a serious matter. I honestly had to check if it wasn't a Disney production.
Ron is obviously a charming prince : handsome, friendly, educated, honest, clever, funny, wise and courageous. He has absolutely no weaknesses and handles his weapon (his phone) with magical dexterity. And of course his hair is perfect, like all princes.
Flip is the faithful and stubborn horse. He galops where he is told to go.
Patrice is a beautiful princess, wild, emotional and idealistic, who lives in the Black Panthers castle.
The bad guys are as naive and stupid as they are cruel. And at the end, the most wicked are dying of their own stupidity, the arrogants are humiliated, the vicious are arrested and everyone gives a standing ovation to the charming prince (even if the only thing he did was to have arrested a minor member of the Klan).
This is a feel-good movie that is very close to « Django Unchained » (or Inglorious Basterds) with the same simple concept : pick real bad guys, make fun of them and kill them. But Tarantino movies are a lot more entertaining, and certainly does not pretend to be « true ».

The sad thing about the present spate of Hollywood social commentary-infested movies is just how utterly predictable all of them are: once you know the subject matter you know the message, and once you know the message you know the movie you're going to see.I wanted to hold back on my initial suspicions to give this film the benefit of the doubt, but there was no real reason to - it's a Spike Lee film, and there's a bunch of black people in it: you therefore know what it's going to say and how it's going to say it. You know how every black person's going to behave and you know how every white person's going to behave. And of course they do.John David Washington can act, but his character, like all the other characters, is little more than a cartoon stereotype, this time with a wig on his head that looks like a microphone pop-shield. The 70s period detail kinda looks like a live-action Scooby-Doo, and the hysterical race war politics crammed into every human interaction with a crowbar kinda resemble something Shaggy might have come up with after too many Scooby Snacks at an Elijah Muhammad rally.Spike Lee is not a good director, and has never BEEN a good director: he is incapable of telling, pacing and selling a believable story, and his most celebrated works are little deeper and more developed than the average rap video. The only half-entertaining movie he ever made was Inside Man, and I wish he'd go back to the drawing board and learn how to make something like that again. Something with recognizably human characters in a plausible narrative, and at least a little sprinkling of surprise.

I'd love to thank the Adelaide Film Festival Film Club for the free advance screening for this review.Blackkklansman comes to us from Director Spike Lee & Producer Jordan Peele and tells the true story of Ron Stallworth, the first african-american police officer in Colorado Springs infiltrating the Klu Klux Klan.To achieve this he enlists the help of a fellow officer played by Adam Driver to pose as him in person while Ron handled the phone calls and planning. This film is biographical in nature but has some fantastic storytelling, looking at the trailers, it looked like a really fun time with some funny humour about the time period and racism.
I'm glad to report this isn't just some comedy movie, here we have a rare film that manages to be funny and outlandish at times but at the same time drives home a serious emotional message, Spike Lee should absolutely be commended for this because it was executed flawlessly. John David Washington gives an interesting quirky performance here and nails it perfectly, Adam Driver turned out to be much more involved in the story than I had anticipated and has some really great moments.I have never had a cinema experience quite like this, for instance at the tail end of the film, in the space of 10 minutes the entire audience in my screening went from laughing and some perfectly executed comedic dialogue to utter still silence in absolute awe, frozen & horrified by what was appearing on screen, this silence went on for a few moment even after the fade to black and an applause started up. This film had me thinking about what I had seen for a long, long time afterward and I am still thinking about it almost every second.Blackkklansman really shows the Klan for what they really are, and highlights the good work of an amazing african-american police officer. The supporting cast does a great job here, Topher Grace as David Duke was an insanely good performance and I can imagine how hard it would be to embody that particular character and Laura Harrier plays off of Washington beautifully.In addition there is a great cameo at the beginning of this film, be on the look out!Blackkklansman is easily in my top 10 for 2018 so far and I urge you all to go see it in cinemas, small warning though, there are some quite confronting images in this film, they are hard to watch but I think that it should be watched as that is the intention here.
Blackkklansman is out in cinemas August 17th.

Every year I make a point of watching each of the Best Picture nominees for the Academy Awards before the ceremony airs. And every year I'm astonished at some of the films that are considered to be the "best" of the previous year. 'BlacKkKlansman' is a prime example of this. Is it a bad film? No. Is it a good film? Sure. But is it a great film and one of the eight best released in 2018? Not in this lifetime. Sadly I understand a lot of politics come into the Oscars and I think that is a large part of what is at play here. This is a heavily politically driven film that tugs at the heart-strings of just the right type of people that dominate Hollywood and the Academy. For that reason it gets a nomination. Not because it is a great film.Adam Driver has been nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Academy Awards as well. This was also a baffling one to me. His performance is good and highly watchable, but he never blew me away by any stretch of the imagination. I kept waiting for him to be given one big scene he could really shine through and knock the audiences socks off with, but it never came. A really bizarre nomination from the Academy I would find it extremely surprising if he got the win for this reason.The film was actually very similar to the 2016 film 'Imperium' starring Daniel Radcliffe. Obviously it didn't have the twist of a black man being behind the infiltration, but a lot of the actual person to person undercover scenes were very similar in nature. I think I enjoyed that film more though because it was more interested in telling you a story, instead of ramming a view down your throat. I also thought the real-life footage shown at the end of 'BlacKkKlansman' was cheap and out of place. A very tacky decision by Spike Lee to throw that in there. I miss the days from the 90s when if a film was nominated for Best Picture you could be assured it was a truly brilliant film. This film doesn't even compare to those.

NO SPOILERS! But seriously can I put bad review and not be labeled as racist? FIRST! I did like acting power from most of the cast (really good job), it was filmed in appealing style, and it had its funny moments. So why 5 stars? 1. Biggest reason is how this movie was adverted. I went to cinema with absolute different vibe and expectations and because of that I could not enjoy movie right after 15-20 min when I felt it isn't what it tried to sell me. 
2. Movie did not bring anything new to the table. It has solid (really good) acting, but it seemed like I'm watching cut-scenes from different movies and put together.
3. It has bad mix between comedy and serious parts. Maybe jokes are too rare or to plain, but it makes you struggle to understand what was directors intentions? 
4. End scenes (this is kinda spoiler, so will not say what was in it) felt really biased and ruined last bits of movie, because it felt too much out of place. It made me feel like all what trailers wanted is me to spend my money and see end scenes of directors views.I don't mind more political movies, but I felt tricked and movie itself wasn't that good. I don't want to spoil movie, so I would have more to say, but then it goes in discussion of certain scenes.

Spike Lee's films have never really resonated with me for whatever reason. BlacKkKlansman is a fascinating story with an average execution at best. Lee brings some solid performances out of Adam Driver and John David Washington, but I'm not sure those characters are fleshed out as much as they should be. But my problem doesn't come with the actors or story per say, but more so with the message that is shoved down your throat. The very beginning and end of this movie present a particular message that is prevalent throughout the film on its own, without the book end scenes. It's a powerful message and reminder for our country, which is still going through its own version of the racism shown in the movie. Perhaps more subtle directing and a better 3rd act would have given this a higher score.6.4/10

I came into this movie with high hopes because the acting list seemed strong, and had a good story to bring together racial tensions that have been dividing Americans more recently. But am sad to say, the pacing of the movie seemed a little dull, camera shots didnt have enough versatile angles, and the way the whole movie was written out is kind of like all the other movies of this kind lately, just about Black Power, which of course isnt really a bad thing in itself, but this story wasnt meant for that, its about a white and black dude working together to stop radical racism.. I felt this movie does not help show the true meaning the book meant to entail, and instead ran off the key terms that every movie has concerning topics like these, White man bad.

Hi, I'm french and I'm 16. We saw the movie in the cinema with my english class and our english teacher asked to us to write a revue of this movie, and after put in on this website.
Blackkklansman is a movie birected by Spike Lee in 2018. This film is based on the true story of Ron Stallworth, a black police officer who wanted to infiltrate the KKK. Inspired by the book, Spike Lee made a film. In the movie we have funny moments and romance too; Ron falls in love with Patrice, a beautiful blanck woman who fights racism. It is certainly at the top od my list of good movies because it is not only about racism, but about several kinds of discrimination, anti-semitism and gender inequality. And so I think that a lot of people can indentify to both characters and realise that discrimination must be fought. And I think that Spike Lee did a good work because hemanaged to make in making a comedy with a dramatic issue, and Adam Driver and John David Washington have a really good actor's game, it couldn't be other actors!
So yes I think that this film is compelling, convincing, realistic, startling and funny, don't miss it!! And there is a lot of reseach from the film director about the KKK, who is a secret organisation of white supremacists directed by Donald Duke and created in 1865 after the Civil War, a war between Northen and Southen states of the USA, the North wanted to abolish slavery and the South didn't. In the movie, we can also see the KKK rites, with the white costums and all tradition. I really enjoyed that because you get out less stupid than you were before seeing the film.In conclusion, it's a fantastic film, with good actors on the top of that, and you learn a lot about discrimination and humanity, but with funny moments as well. It's a hit and a freat piece of film-making. Go see it!!Good work, Mr Spike Lee.Valentine B.

I do appreciate the historical value that some good movies are able to provide while at the same time also combining quality cinematography with superb acting performances through the portrayal(s) of historical figures. But this film does not provide a balance between fine acting and historical documentation. No, what this film provides in my humble opinion is a very left leaning political message.Adding insult to the intelligence of the producers/directors intended audience is the fact that the film also included actual film footage from the August 2017 clash between white nationalists and counter protesters and how each party blamed one another and the police for the violence that erupted in Charlottesville, Va. I am not objecting to the actual footage included at the end of this film, only that it displays an obvious clear bias that one party is racist and violent and that this film only encourages the continuation of hate amongst races based on either the color of one's skin and or choice of religious faith.As for the acting in this film Adam Driver's performance stood out, but I was less than impressed with either Topher Grace's role as the Grand Klansman David Dukes, or by John David Washington's performance as Ron Stallworth, an undercover cop. But what I was most disappointed with was the screenplay itself which was so one-sided that the audience was expected to believe that the civil rights movement origin was formed by the Walt Disney Mickey Mouse Club.For Spike Lee to receive an Academy Award for best Director, the year 2018 must have been a very lousy year in the entire film industry. The Academy members were obviously attempting to appease one group for the previous year's/decades of exclusion of the top awards but I expected to see much more from a film that received six (6) Academy nominations. Instead, all I gleaned is frustration from another film in a long line of politically motivated films that wreak with a one-sided view of a suppressed society. I don't call this entertainment at all. This film's only success may be in re-energizing the continuing divide amongst the nation.

This was a real disappointment. It's such an important topic on race and history, and it a unique setup, but Spike Lee's quirky style undermined anything of real significance here. I can't believe such an intense, fascination story felt so boring and uninspired.

Spike Lee must be cash-strapped to make a movie these days as he obviously had to pander to certain elements to get this farcical adaptation onto the screen. The over-the-top representation of the differing elements in the story made it farcical and unfortunately laughable; whereas a more serious approach to the issues and the people involved would have made viewing this film more legitimate and a reasonable approach to a troubled history.

The lead actor was so boring and wooden and when he added some energy he sounded just like his dad, Denzel.The film was so forced with themes and scenarios, but in a really bad way and totally over done. Lee always had a student film quality to his films. A bunch of caricatures.The approach to the subject was flippant. It almost was done like Undercover Brother. The writing was horrible. Using language from today instead of authentic speech from this period and when they do it's always "right on brother" and "brother this and brother that." Lazy writing.So painful to watch. And what's with the constant head-on shots?It's supposed to take place in 1979, but the design, wardrobe, hair etc look like it was in the late 60s and early 70s. Just another phony movie that didn't get it right.

I just left the theater and feel obligated to write my first IMDB review. This film is very well balanced, it easily switches between serious and funny moments. The plot, dialog and acting all come together to make a cohesive movie. I was very impressed with the main character's acting, at the time I did not know it was Denzel Washington's son. This film has substance yet was hilarious as well, it understands that a serious subject matter can also be entertaining at the same time.

Surprisingly dull, predictable and full of the stereotypes it should be dispelling.

OMG I was falling asleep. Boring as all hell. Poorly made -- like a freshman NYU student film. Poorly written and unmemorable.How does Lee keep getting backing for garbage Oh yeah far left Hollywood

A remarkable story was to be told; however, Spike Lee got in his own way time and time again inserting modern political references in a story set in the 1970s. The cast was fantastic, but the movie was so drawn out to tie together a political agenda rather than a hero's story. It's a shame, a disappointment and a let down. I feel like there was so much more to be garnered from the actual story than Spike Lee's political views. Too bad the story wasn't more focused on the actual events. It seems like there's was so much more for the audience to know about Ron Stallworth.

This story is a brilliant story to tell! The cast is a fantastic cast! Washington is perfectly cast, Driver is in his element, Grace is a diamond in a gold mine. 
Spike Lee is the person that should be telling this story, but the movie suffers from pacing issues. The comedy it relies on is scattered sparsely. I found myself tuning out in moments and not wondering what I missed

Spike Lee has, from his earliest film, depicted whites as dumb, exploitative, manipulative, redneck, and uncivilized, among other negative traits.In contrast, he portrays the black person as the victim, the enslaved soul of goodness trampled underfoot, and demeaned by whites. The only good souls among the latter come from the Jewish, a minority biblically known to include various races, including the Falasha, a black tribe hailing from Ethiopia. In other words, from Spike Lee's standpoint, the only good whites are those who are not completely white.I am a white born in Mozambique, Africa, and am proud to have had, and to continue to have, blacks, Chinese, Asian Indians, and mulattoes among my friends.While I find political correctness a destroyer of art, and welcome the fact that Spike Lee does not hesitate to blast it, I find BLACK K KLANSMAN a profoundly racist film. The highly intelligent black rookie quickly outsmarts all daft whites in the police force, launching an investigation into KKK with the very help of the white estabishment Lee so attacks.Lee directed the excellent 25TH HOUR in 2002. In it he showed talent that he has sadly withheld from the public since. Which is a pity, because he could have been a director of the highest cut. Instead, he has elected to go on racist tirades of dubious moral authority.Direction is heavy-handed and biased; acting is pedestrian; script is uneven and you have to suspend your desbelief to unbelievable lengths to believe the action (especially when the white woman is trying to plant a bomb in Laura Harrier's post box); and cinematography is mediocre, to put it mildly.Best avoided, unless you are a diehard Spike Lee fan.2/10. One star for the exquisitely beautiful Laura Harrier and the other for the superb recreation of Afro hair styles of the 1970s.

I was entertained by this movie but frankly I think Spike Lee is a mediocre director. It's a strange movie, part comedy part dramatic racial justice commentary and I don't think the mix worked. It would have been more powerful as a drama. It's strange to laugh during a movie then at the end see the real life horrific incident in Charlottesville. And I found John Davis Washington in the lead role to be wooden. His delivery is somewhat deadpan.

In the 70´s, in Colorado Springs, the quirky Afro-American Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) joins the police department and is assigned to work in the records room. Soon he offers to work undercover in the Narcotics, but his chief assigns him to infiltrate in a black movement led by Stokely Carmichael (Corey Hawkins) instead, where he meets the leader of the students Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrier). When he sees a Ku Klux Klan advertisement in the newspaper, Ron contacts the organization and is invited to join it. He convinces his chief to let the Jewish detective Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) to go to the meeting posing of Ron Stallworth and they both investigate the organization."BlacKkKlansman" is a great film based on true events in the biographic book by Ron Stallworth, who was the first black police officer in Colorado Springs. The screenplay is engaging with tension and humor in right doses and the performances are top-notch. The footages in the end of the film are impressive. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "Infiltrado na Klan" ("Infiltrated in the Klan")

Was very tempted to walk out of this movie. For example, I have no idea why the lead character went from investigating Kwame Ture to investigating the KKK. No idea why the lead character continued to talk on the phone to the KKK by himself when his colleague was meeting them face to face. Awful. Waste of money.

This movie really took me by surprise; not so much Spike Lee fan- the dialogue in this movie is often times so shocking that it was jarring. The texture captures perfectly the 70's vibe and shows a side of America that has been long hidden. The story is compelling, and it does what great movies do- they linger with you long after they're over and make you think and rethink what you saw. As Spike Lee said "Don't be afraid to laugh"

This crapfest was so bad I couldn't even finish watching it. The movie could have been funny, based on the interesting premise, but it's nothing more than the typical kind of preachy, hate-filled propaganda that we've all come to expect from Hollywood. Yawn... dragging up injustices that happened decades and centuries ago never gets old.

As most people pointed out, this movie is a clickbait. It's incredibly one-sided and dry. If you still choose to watch it, you will get hooked in the first 10-25 minutes, and after that you will notice the movie is losing you.

This would be better presented on YouTube then big screen. The story is nothing more then the same racist stuff re-wrapped.
Waste of time and money!

This was a poor example of movie making. The cinematography comes out like a 70s blaxploitation movie. Lee should just give up.

I'm not white or black, and I'm not American. I guess this allows me to see the film in a very neutral, unbiased perspective, and to judge it based on its own merits rather than the political issues surrounding it.When I watched the trailer, my impression was that the movie was going to be hilarious, probably a subtle, lighter take on a heavy subject, with a strong ending that sends the right message to the audience. That was my expectation of the movie. Since it also ended up as a nominee for Best Picture at the Oscar, I expected a really good, solid movie that deals with the subject of racism in a unique, creative way. Instead, what I got was a dragging movie full of cliches, uninspired dialogues, and in-your-face message before the credits rolled.I was left underwhelmed and very disappointed. Not only that the movie was such a drag, I didn't like how one-sided and stereotypical it was. I think the reason this is so highly rated is because people are so afraid of being labeled "racist" for not liking the movie. That, and the political views that it projects, some people want their views to be validated. Pardon me, I'm a person of color and I didn't enjoy the movie.

This movie was all racial anger and no story. Many movies have had similar messages but still manage to tell a good story. Even early spike lee movies have done this very well. This one has nothing to it except its racial message. Topher Grace and another actress managed to give a compelling performance in this poorly written, poorly directed, poorly acted movie full of empty charactures. The fact that spike lee thought this deserved the "best picture" award over Green Book shows just how cinematically out of touch he has become. Story first, message second next time and you may make a movie rather than another PSA on racism.

Colorado Springs police department's first black detective (John David Washington) gains the trust of the local KKK on the phone n they want to meet him in person.
The task of infiltration becomes complicated.
While he impersonates the white supremacist on the phone,
he sends his colleague, (Adam Driver), a Jew, to play him in person. This leads to all sorts of hilarious predicaments as well as some tensed situations.
Spike Lee is back in form.
Washington n Driver gave good performances.
Topher Grace as David Duke was top notch.

I'll keep this short, it's a great movie that reminds us that nothing much has changed in the good old USA when it comes to race and relations. Spike and crew did a fabulous job bringing the story home and the up to date ending should be felt by any decent human being.

Do NOT believe the current rating if it's anything under 7.5.Movie is great, amazing performances by John David Washington and Adam Driver. Directing is reminiscent of blacksploitation movies of the 70's, which is finally getting its rightful hommage. Script is has hilarious has the premise of the real story is, though the darker tones are never shadowed by the comedy.The harder part to watch is the final scene which, after spending a whole movie showing us a man trying to take down racism, presents us with current events in the U.S., proving us that we haven't made any progress as a society.It's scary, funny, poignant and a must-see, one of the best movies of the year.

Ron Stallworth fooled the clan on the phone. This is basically a 'one joke' movie. After he does this he never, ever sees even a single KKK klansman in person during the 9 month investigation. Becuse he's black his partner does ALL the undercover work for 9 months. His partner is not Jewish as portrayed, Stallworth's entire romance never happened, the bomb plot and klansmens death in the explosion never happened. Boring because there was no violence, no KKK attacks just blabbering endless N word chatter. The lie detector scene, used for suspense, never happened. Boring because the 9 month investigation ended with ZERO arrests. Again, the partner did ALL the undercover work, took all the risks. So no reality based tension. It is said the operation disrupted 2-3 cross burnings and nothing much more. One true funny moment when Stallworth is assigned to guard David Duke and takes a very funny photo with Duke. The use of Harry Belafonte to retell a lynching story from perhaps the 1910-1920 era was misplaced. He's too recognizable as a 'current' 80+ year old man now in real time. Hence, he could not have been an 80 year old in 1972. An unknown old man should have been used. 30 minutes into the film I am wondering where this 'story' is going. No KKK plots of any kind, no KKK violence of any kind, no real threat to the undercover cop which explains why there were NO arrests ever made.This 'one joke' premise makes for an interesting event but does not stretch to an entire film. Good acting from the lead actors. Nice music tracks. Boring way too long film. Contrived ending. Could have just shown David Duke surviving and thriving currently.

Nice acting, good cast, curious plot. However, the current news narrative at the end of the movie negated all the advantages of the movie. Authors of BlacKkKlansman tried to connect the current racial polarization of the US society which happened last decade (2007-2017) with a true funny story that happened several decades ago. It looks so unnatural and perverted.

Spike lee peacocked in a purple suit at the Oscars. Enough said. Look at his filmography, he is not a good director. Stop. Cliched, boring, false, poorly made, self aware, you are constantly aware/reminded you are watching a movie. Not good.

This film had so much potential to be entertaining, funny or thoughtful commentary on race issues and how to bridge the country. But the writing is not much better than a series of angry cliche memes.I think high-schoolers could have written a script that had fewer cliches and more depth in it.I wish Tarantino had adopted this book, at least it would have used his humor and ability to tell an intense story to create a movie that had depth, humor and not over the top preachiness.There were a few moments of humanity and brilliance between Washington and Driver, soon destroyed by the angry preaching.Spike Lee has lost his art.

I was sooo excited for this movie, but left the theater disappointed.
Super long (why??) and yet I didn't feel any connection or compasion towards any of the characters.
The only minutes worth watching were the last ones, those clips were hard to watch and actually made me feel something.

I'm pulling the plug at 1 hour 48 minutes. When I started it yesterday I was really excited about the film. Thought it was going to be great throughout. About an hour in there was some bad acting with some of the characters that was disengaging. It was headed for greatness but took the wrong turn at the fork in the road. Deserves a remake, seems like a historical interesting story.

Spike Lee has an engaging dramatic-license-taken, based-on-a-true-story with "BlacKkKlansman," of an undercover operation led by a black police officer to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan, and it's ripe for making into a subtle critique of the current Trump presidency and continued violence, including by law enforcement, against African Americans, but subtle Lee is not and, instead, the blunt polemic is hammered into our heads. There's also a nice concurrent theme concerning the mainstream Hollywood white-supremacist epics "The Birth of a Nation" (1915) and "Gone with the Wind" (1939) contrasted with early-1970s blaxploitation films, of which Lee's film aptly borrows much of its style.I thought "The Post" (2017) was too obvious in its paralleling a Nixon-era narrative with current events, but "BlacKkKlansman" could've benefited from even that level of understatedness. On one hand, the opening sequence is rather good at connecting all of the threads, with clips from the aforementioned 1915 and 1939 films being projected during the making of Klan propaganda-- the hate speech being delivered by none other than "Saturday Night Live" Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin. But, then, the film continues to make certain no member of the audience is left behind in understanding the message. There's the joke that America would never elect a David Duke type, although that was the only part of this rather satirically-approached picture that received a laugh from the audience I was in. The historical events are pushed back to coincide with Nixon's 1972 Southern strategy. And, finally, there's the epilogue of real footage from the 2017 Charlottesville protests and car attack and President Trump's much-criticized remarks thereafter. It's too much.The cinematic allusions aren't exactly subtle, either, but I think they're sometimes executed better. Although there's a conversation between the lovers debating their favorite blaxploitation flicks, this film also incorporates the genre into its style, including by actually being a film photographed on film. I especially like the brief disco scene, which is energetically compiled. I haven't seen much blaxploitation fare, but of the ones I've seen, they tend to include musical nightclub interruptions to the plot. They also contain scenes where the characters debate opposing sides of the approaches of African Americans to white-dominated America, whether to fight injustices from outside or to reform from within, especially regarding law enforcement. This one does the same thing, including one man becoming a city's first black cop, who, then, poses as white to expose the Klan and another cop, who's Jewish, "passing" in predominantly-Christian white America and acting anti-Semitic to infiltrate the same Organization. Similarly, they earlier go undercover at a Black Panther speech by Stokely Carmichael.Unfortunately, Lee's anti-racist polemic can't entirely escape the kind of filmic rhetoric that has underpinned so much of Hollywood cinema all the way back to the racist pomposity of "The Birth of a Nation." Just as in the film, the black student union's "black power" slogan forms a sound bridge with the "white power" chant of the Klan. While surely not hoping for the sort of hooting and hollering of the Klansmen at the racist caricatures of white actors in blackface of the screening of the 1915 film within this film, it may be expected that supporters cheer the message of "BlacKkKlansman" just as audiences once roared for the KKK racing to the rescue in the climax of its predecessor. More interesting and likely more successfully than whether this affects the political and racial issues in America is whether Lee has changed the course from within of the white-dominated movie business. It's the Organization he's been infiltrating for some time now.

*Spoilers* The whole premise of the movie is not believable. If they replaced him with a white guy after the initial phone call, wouldn't it make sense to have the white guy take over both appearance and sound from this point oneard? What was the adventage of keeping both men in the picture? 
This is also another one of those movies where the music score just felt out of sync with the events.
Nah!

I was looking forward to Klansman, it had an interesting premise and could have been a funny, well written comedic satire. Unfortunately that potential was thrown away when Spike Lee took the original events and tryed to spin it to confirm his own political views.Now don't get me wrong it's perfectly fine if you want to make a movie with a political message, but if you do so you should at least make sure the dialogue is well written, so that it feels as though it's a character speaking and not the director. But apparently Spike Lee doesn't understand this which has resulted in most of the characters just being Spike Lee himself.Another big issue I had was the jokes seemed to get old really fast. This was because most of them amounted to "Ha Ha he's actually black" or "Look at how stupid these white people are". The movie was also incredibly bland as far as the cinematography goes, as most shots were just shot reverse shot. Almost nothing visually interesting happened at all, until the end. But at that point the shots were just so bland and uninteresting it just felt forced.The one plus side in my opinion would be the performances, because although the dialogue is not well written the actors do a great job delivering their lines with sincerity. Especially Adam Driver, but overall this film was just a boring, poorly written mess.

Obviously going into this movie it was going to have a political message. And obviously this message was going to draw some parallels with modern day. But I didn't espect this movie to completely sacrifice its plot in pursuit of this message. This was a similar problem I had with Detroit. However in that film the plot had more of an opportunity to push its message. Blackkklansman doesn't have the same luxury but it acts as if it does. Scene after scene drags not in an attempt to effect the character but the audience watching the film. Also the editing and shot somposition is some of the worst in recent memory.

Terrible acting and realism. Felt like I was watching a made for TV movie. Lots of shameless and totally mis-characterized zingers against Trump, which is probably the ONLY reason this movie has a high rating.

I kept waiting for this film to really get going but it never did. Wasn't sure if it was supposed to be a comedy or a drama but I can't remember laughing much. I did like Adam Driver in it and Topher Grace is quite funny (you're darn tootin'). But that was about it.

This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen in the last two years, and I say that non-jokingly. If you want to sit down and get beat over the head with KKK rhetoric for over two hours with no redeeming qualities then this is the movie for you. If you want to watch a reenactment of the birth of a nation 2018 style than this is the movie for you!! If you want to watch a KKK recruitment video movie or listen to racist propaganda for 2 1/2 hours and this is the movie for you. Worst movie in the last 10 years possibly worst movie ever!!

I watched the whole thing, but it took about 2 minutes to know what this movie was, and that is was garbage. I hoped to at least be entertained. Yeah...no,...a complete waste of time, don't bother.... just don't...

I wanted to like the film. I was excited to see the film. I could not stay awake in this film. The pacing is molasses and the camera work was so poorly constructed. The lofty narrative of racism was consistently undercut by the films jarring use of terrible comedy. For the duration of the film Lee portrays the threat of the KKK as almost whimsical, only to abruptly transition to real footage of the Charlottesville riots and ensuing death. If the film had either stuck to a Millenial-ironic humorous take or a edgy documentary of the atrocities of the KKK and the real life work to stop them it would have been fine. Like khaluha and wine, they are better left separated. Honestly I was hoping for more but it didn't deliver. I will recommend anyone to see Sorry to Bother You instead. Spike Lee could use some renewed blood of cinematography.

This is a heavily politically driven film that tugs at the heart-strings of just the right type of people that dominate Hollywood and the Academy. For that reason it gets a nomination. Not because it is a great film.

Blackkklansman is nowhere near perfect, but as a cohesive film from beginning to end, the parallels and timeliness of what was presented is a very important and relevant reflection of the past and how it's still churning the never ending conflict in the future. Spike Lee comes back with his signature style almost immersing us back into the late 70s without ever taking himself too seriously, the characters were well defined and while maybe a hint over the top, provided a great sense of realism with believeable dialogue. The two most protruding ideas(?) between characters in the film was the conflict of Ron pursing the interest for his people as a cop, and Adam Drivers character overburdened with the role of a white supremacist after all his life never being exposed to that mindset. They were very subtle, but a reminder of how urgent and relevant the conflict of civil rights still was after MLKs death.The ending was the main point I think Lee tried to convey, how the conflict of race and white supremacy is showing signs of lagging progress almost 40 years later. It's here to make you think and reflect about the hardships and literal fighting people still have to endure, and the lives continually being taken because of the ideals white supremacy and ignorance grasp many Americans.

This film had so much potential. It was marketed as a dark comedy, and it could have been amazing as one. Now, I've never seen a Spike Lee movie before, and let me say I'll never do so again. Basically, the movie is an exploitative drama who's job is to insight hate instead of saying anything of meaning. The only reason that this gets a 2 instead of a 1 is because Adam Driver's performance was good. Dont waste your money.

Another dumpy movie by Spike Lee. Great acting is the only thing to make this movie watchable. Great acting wasted unfortunately.

Enjoyable but doesn't deserve the amount of praise that it got. Felt like an incomplete movie with an extremely anticlimactic ending. I was like oh, that's it? Okay then....
I don't regret watching it but I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. Solid acting and soundtrack but just felt not rather impactful. If you're debating watching this, don't worry if you give it a miss, you're not missing too much.

Really terrible movie directed by a biased, racist director, it really surprise me that this film is not even a comedy wow...only tells one side of the story and gives a pass to the people he favors, racially and politically, the scrip was a joke, everything actually, so racist.

This movie was promising and then came the editorial sermonizing. Yeah, I know racism exists and was really bad in the 60's, 70's and so on. But seriously, this country has a long history of correcting its mistakes. The movie was well written and superbly acted. I know that "America First" was a slogan from the isolationist apprasers of the rising German post Weimar National Socialist Party and it's rising star Hitler. I recognized it when Trump was using it and was chilled. But how does Yrunp bashing have a place in a movie set in 1970's America? I saw this film in the San Francisco area and I know that the audience has a more left leaning outlook than where I come from...and that's cool. But seriously I watched the local audience break out into applause and vocal "I hate Trump" outbursts. Then I watched an older white woman sidle up to a young black couple and tell her how much she "...hates Trump."C'mon Spike. You're better than this crap. I came to be entertained and I was just irritated.

Entertaining if you just ignore the obvious plot holes and ridiculousness. Let's be honest, nominating this for an Oscar is questionable at the very least.

There is a lot to really like about this film. The casting is spot on, with Driver, Washington and Grace all turning in great performances. The story unfolds, for the most part, in an interesting way (eg Ron dismissing Birth of a Nation as "just a film", then witnessing first hand how the white supremacists reacted to watching it). The 'organisation' were displayed (apart from two of the characters) as obviously non-stupid and politically minded. The black power speech was shot in an interesting way (a la Metropolis), and we even got a signature Spike Lee dolly shot near the end which I had been hoping for the entire way through.However, a couple of moments I just couldn't help feeling let the film down. Driver hitting the targets in shooting practice and Felix noticing he was a good shooter, whilst he had already shot at and missed the car was stuck in there for pacing and to raise the tension. Felix should probably have taken more action when he was told Driver was actually a cop called Zimmerman. His character in particular seemed to flip between astute and plain stupid.The racist cop was too cliche for me, too. It would have been nice to show the racism in the police force at a more institutional level, rather than opting for just one individual to be the scapegoat, and he made some poor character decisions. I wouldn't have thought even the stupidest racist would have been as overtly aggressive to Ron in front of their own police chief.I thought the relationship between the President of the student union and Ron was barely developed at all, and probably didn't need to be there. It could have carried even if Ron just had an adulation for her, rather than a love interest.All minor points, though, as the film is enjoyable and is relatively successful with its message. I understand the marketing as specially a black comedy, which dragged more people into the cinema to see it expecting another Get Out or something like Black Dynamite, leaving a few people confused on here (funny that so many of the bad reviews are littered with spelling mistakes... Alec Baldwin's character much?). The film ends in a powerful way. A few people have called it cheap, but when the message is this important it's important that we don't leave the theatre celebrating anything. The real Ron Stalworth has said that racism hasn't changed one bit since the 1970s. Spike Lee does a wonderful job showing how racism began to become more subversive and structured in the 70s, and, in case you missed the 3 or 4 times during the film the characters alluded to present day Trumpisms, it's only right you end the film with Trump's language describing the neo-Nazis as "not nice", but the victims as "violent".Very enjoyable film, carried by those three performances in particular.

Loosely based on the 2014 real-life memoir by good nature, ex-police officer, Ron Stallworth, originally titled, 'Black Klansman'. This 2018 biographical comedy drama, directed by Spike Lee; told the story of the first African American police detective in Colorado Springs history to ever infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan, successful. Without spoiling, this semi-historical flick, too much, I didn't mind, that the story wasn't as authentic as the motion picture should had been. Most of the major changes the film did; such as adding an imaginary cop hater activist girlfriend, Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrier) or made up, Jewish surrogate cop, Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) for Stallworth (John David Washington) to hang with, while solving a fictional bombing plot; work for the movie's favor, because it add more tension and suspense. However, having the events take place in 1972, instead of 1979 was a stylistic choice that was a mixed bag for me. While, I like that it allow a complex and impassioned debate about the portrayal of race in the media by referencing both Blaxploitation movies, as well, as political conspiracy thriller from that era. It does sway away, the struggles that Stallworth had to go, to accomplice with his main case. Pessimistically, this part of the film was often, sadly, delayed by other things, Lee wanted to shallowing show us first as well. Like, using film footage from another movie, 1939's 'Gone with the Wind' to open this motion picture up. Then, parodying a supremacy propaganda video with a minor character. Although, those sequences were unique to see. It didn't really help, move the plot, along. Much of the same, can be said, with the drawn out love subplot party scene. Did we really need to see Stallworth, dance to the whole song 'Too Late to turn back now' by Cornelius Bros and Sister Rose? It felt like time wasted. Even scenes that seem more important, like Stallworth, doing undercover work like infiltrating a local rally by national civil rights leader, Kwame Ture (Corey Hawkins) ran a little too long. No wonder, why it took forever for the case to take form. The pacing for this movie was way off. Don't get me wrong, I love how that scene is shot, with the lighting experiment, camera zooming in on close up of the bright faces of the crowd, listening to the organizer, surrounded by darkness. It was beautiful. However, the 'Tarzan' speech was kinda theatrical cheesy & forcefully heavy-handed. Not only that, but much of the 'take arms' bullet points, would be repeat, later in the film, anyways, in a jarring badly cut street scene where the black student union debate about having weapons at their protest. In truth, the lecture could had been cut down. Plus, we got a lot more powerful similar speech toward the end, with the film intercuts the KKK doing their rituals and watching director, D. W Griffith 1915's movie 'The Birth of a Nation', with footage of an elderly man, Jerome Turner (Harry Belafonte) illustrates in terrifying detail, how racism films like that, has cause an increase of real-life horrors of cruel and inhumane punishment toward minorities. Still, even that message, the film was somewhat muddled. For example, how on Earth, can Lee denounce one director's use of violent imagery, then, arguably does exactly the same thing, here, albeit from the opposite perspective? I get that, Lee doesn't want to shy away from making connections between the Klan Stallworth infiltrated in the '70s and the Unite the Right Rally of 2017; by having the movie open in theaters on the anniversary week of that tragic event, but having his protagonists, pull out guns and point them at the camera while visuals of modern day racism, both political and national dominates the screen, isn't the right message to give people of today. Anger through violence, in all its enflamed and even cinematic variations, is an emotion that our world could definitely use a little less. We don't need to fuel a future race war. Combating racial inequality through nonviolent resistance would had been a better message to the movie with. Regardless of the mixed moral principles of the director, I found Stallworth to be morally sounded character. Thanks from solid dramatic acting chops from Washington during the serious moments of the film. Stallworth is truly dedicated, good-hearted guy who is stuck in rock and hard place; when it comes to his moral duty. Some people think of him, as a traitor to his race, for being a cop, while others, embraced his courage for taking on the KKK. His struggles was compelling. As for actor's comedic side. It did felt like a variety act to the point, that I did mistake him for Chris Redd at certain moment. Nevertheless, his delivery of humor was hilarious, especially with Stallworth interactions with Klan's Grand Wizard, David Duke (Topher Grace) over the phone & during the infamous photography scene. As for the supporting cast. They were equally as good as Washington, both comically and dramatically, with Adam Driver, standing out the most. As for the music. Composer, Terence Blanchard gave out, one of his best. What a haunting, but funky melody. Plus, his use of catchy R&B culture from the 1970s was well capture. Overall: While, I have furthermore, unnamed nitpicks of historical inaccuracies & problems with film message, that I didn't have time or room to mention, here. I still found this movie as one of Spike Lee's best works to the point that I'm willing to gloss over it. It's highly recommended, even if the film is target at an urban African-American audience. It still does have the appeal to many people, pass racial and ethnic lines. Because of that, I believe every person who believe in human rights should watch this movie. It's fundamentally fascinating.

It's been a couple of weeks since I've seen this, and the thing that sticks in my mind after all that time is that it reminds me a little bit of a Quentin Tarantino film, though not as gleeful in its portrayal of violence. That by no means is a bad thing. The film has a stylized feeling, it doesn't feel quite realistic, like a Tarantino film. For example in the way the main character spoke. I know that half the time he is trying to sound white, but even when he isn't pretending to be a white man, he had this annoying nasally white voice when he was being himself. Something about that struck me as not quite right. It is a humorous film, but the humor seemed stylized - not quite natural. Again, it reminded me of Tarantino film in that way. Characters were archetypes. We have The dumb fat, but viscous racist who at first sight seems harmless. The smart, even more viscous racists who is very menacing. Then you have the white naive (or is he?) Klan leader, who plays the straight guy for all the gags. Very little goes into what makes these characters tick. Even the good guys' characters are not very well developed.The film also kind of hits the viewer over the head with it's message, though it is an important one indeed. For the most part, police stations are integrated now. For the most part, people understand that the KKK are bad. Modern day race problems seem to be more intricate than those presented here. Even the closing, in which Lee ties in his move with current events, is kind of obvious. But it is beautifully done with a match cut that starts with a Klan rally and switches to the Alt-right rally in Virginia. it shows that maybe we shouldn't take those obvious problems I just mentioned above for granted.I don't mind the stylized manner of this film and I even quite enjoyed it. This film is better than any Tarantino film, but I think the flaws I mention above keep the film from being a master piece. "Do the Right Thing" was a masterpiece.A better film on race relations that is released about the same time as this one is "Blindspotting" - my favorite film of the summer so far. Be sure to check that one out, if you liked this.

BlackKKlansmen is the latest joint director by Spike Lee who masterfully examines race relations in America. The focuses on recently promoted undercover cop Ron Stalworth who infiltrates the Klu Klux Klan in the early 1970's Colorado. John David Washington gives a great performance as Stalworth and Adam Driver as Flip Zimmerman who helps Stalworth in bringing down the White Supremacist Organization. The cast is brilliant throughout. Shocking, Witty and disturbing, Lee delivers on this one as 1989's DO THE RIGHT THING. It reminds us that we have a long to go as far the race relations in America. the film points out the ignorance, hate and violence during a time America was torn by a conflict in Vietnam, Assassinations of MLK and RFK. The Black Panther Party, that only wants justice and rights for Afro-Americans. As for this age, I wonder the Whites and Blacks could just STOP and look at what doing to ourselves and each other. The film directed by Spike is essential. My rating is 8.0.

There's no real room for subtlety in 'BlacKkKlansman (2018)', a film that's almost alarming in its frankness and its ability to draw blank parallels between its seventies setting and our still-troubled modern times. It's this decision not to leave anything to interpretation that gives the piece its real sense of urgency, as it feels as though it's grabbing you by the shoulders, shaking you as hard it can and yelling, "look at what's happening, still to this day - wake up!" It really is a powerful experience, one that feels especially relevant today; it's very much a response to America's current political climate. It isn't always a pleasant watch (by necessity) and often evokes a real sense of anger, both at its more deplorable characters and at its overall situation. However, the feature somehow manages to be entertaining, harrowing, moving, frightening, funny, vexing, ironic and sobering all at once. It seems to encapsulate everything, to say all that needs to be said, and it feels really significant in a way that's difficult to describe. It's a cultural statement that will be looked at for years to come and, no matter what effect it has or how it's remembered, it's happening right now and it's as real as it gets. 8/10

Powerful cinema and two great performances from its leading actors. I can't wait to see what anyone involved does next, especially driver.

I've gotta be honest, with a trailer like that, "BlacKkKlansman" held little chance of disappointment; not with such a charismatic performance from John David Washington. I can't even think of a weakness in this cast. The minute you see Alec Baldwin as a right-wing firebrand, you know you're in for something special.It all starts with the wild premise - a black police detective infiltrating the Ku Klux Klan - the mechanics of such an operation are massively entertaining, and the sheer audacity of it is a constant eye-brow raiser. There's unbridled evil lurking throughout this movie, but it comes in the form of the small-minded. Let's face it, these white supremacists are morons (led by an equally hapless Topher Grace as David Duke), and their cruel intentions are regularly undermined by their simple natures. But Spike Lee pulls no punches here. The statement he's out to make with this is as time-worn as it is aggressive: hate finds its way into the top levels of power. And he makes no bones about tying it directly to modern-day politics. In the end, this is a delightful period piece with an impressive cast and more than its share of laughs; a wicked surprise all around.

Spike Lee did good. Made me laugh, made me shed a tear or two. Entertained me and drove home a serious message.

I found it a little slow to begin with but once it got going I really enjoyed it. The film gathers pace and buIlds to a brilliant climax which did have me biting my nails as I didn't know which way it was going to go. I didn't think the film went onto long either which I was a bit concerned about looking at the runtime before I saw this film. All the actors were brilliant, not a bad performance anywhere. Some really funny bits which did have me, my Mum and the rest of the cinema laughing! Some good points brought up at the end of the film though with some actual footage of protests going on recently. I think people will think that these issues don't exist in the world anymore but they definitely do. Overall, I really enjoyed this film, thought it was good, a solid 8/10 from me. Definitely a good film and worth going to watch in the cinema.

With movements like #BlackLivesMatter and of course the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s-1970s, this Spike Lee film couldn't have arrived at a better time in modern history. Taking the true story of Ron Stallworth, the sole African-American cop in the Colorado Springs PD in the early 1970s who through a clever ruse infiltrated the KKK, we are treated to an engaging character-driven film and the memorable dialogue we expect from Mr. Lee's body of work.In the lead role, we get to see the talents of John David Washington (son of Oscar winner Denzel) who brings a wonderful grounded feel to Ron. He is a determined and committed cop who through non-violent means risks his life to undermine the world's most lethal racist group. Yes the move is foolish when we first learn of it with Ron's other colleagues, but Washington's charisma and drive make us cheer him along and hope he succeeds with his bizarre plan. The young actor also develops an excellent chemistry with his co-stars, Laura Harrier and Adam Driver (who both play crucial roles within the narrative), which drives the emotional weight of the operation and why it must not be derailed (although we have several close calls). Maybe we shall see an awards season nod for Washington's brave performance.The key competent to making Stallworth's plan function is that he must have a Caucasian coworker on the force pose as him in person (as he is posing as a white man on the phone). That person turns out to be Adam Driver's Phillip 'Flip' Zimmerman, a Jewish officer on the Colorado Springs PD (another group despised by the KKK). Initially hesitant to encourage or even participate due to the danger involved, Driver's Zimmerman nevertheless remains loyal to his fellow officer and takes on the role of being the fake Ron. The charisma we have seen from the 'Star Wars' actor in past roles is kept low-key in this joint as we must uncomfortably hear him utter racist epithets and carry this ruse onward though near the film's climax we fear for Flip as he is nearly unmasked as a fraud. Honorable mentions for Laura Harrier as the fiery Patrice, a fierce supporter of the Black Power movement and head of the African-American Student Union. The actress is spunky and sassy, but remains guarded and distrusting of the police (much like anti-police brutality groups of now) because of her race and treatment based on said factor. However Patrice is a strong role model for standing up for her beliefs and will protect her cause, but in non-violence like MLK Jr.'s teachings. And the other mention goes to a game-changing turn from Topher Grace as former Grand Dragon (the head of the KKK) David Duke. He is menacing in a subtle fashion without any overacting or having to utter much hate speech. His commanding of the KKK is calculating, using intimidation and fear and if needed violence (which he never see him order personally in the film). If you're looking for the right political drama, this is the one for you. Be warned that it isn't for the easily offended.

Jarringly constructed but-often as a result-always compelling: Great soundtrack and creative cinematography in tow, both director and protagonist "infiltrate hate," at times with deathly seriousness and scathing condemnation and at others simply laughing in its face. True to its rollercoaster form, the devastating coda makes it clear that the undercover mission's far from over (and possibly casts doubt on its effectiveness) but the gorgeous early dance scene provides a vision of a happy ending.

When it comes to films related to/about the Ku Klux Klan, it's an odd mix. From the earliest days of cinema, you had blatantly racist propaganda films such as 'Birth Of A Nation' - footage of which is shown in this film. Then to the 80s you had the controversial and apparent good-natured however very flawed thriller 'Mississippi Burning' - especially in its tone and message. And since then, you've had such things as the new all-black cast remake of 'Birth Of A Nation' which put the story correctly. However - from my point of view - you have never had a film about the KKK as strange and varied as this one.Of course, it's not going to be like any other film you've seen, because it's not a film. It's a joint, which means Spike Lee is behind the camera, and most of the time, that means something brilliant is going to happen. And in this case, it does.The film, set in the early 70s', loosely tells the true story of Ron Stallworth (played brilliant both comically and dramatic by John David Washington), a black detective in Chicago who pretends to be a white man to try and infiltrate the KKK, and to do so, gets his colleague and friend, Flip (played by Adam Driver) to go undercover as the white 'Ron Pearlman' and join the Klan. And while this plot may sound somewhat like a 'high concept idea' it becomes something much more complex and scary.Towards the start of the film, Spike gently pulls our attention towards the story, with the laugh out loud humour and mocking of the Klan, making us developed and entertained, and making his central characters likeable. But slowly, as the films real messages start to unreavel we realise this isn't a comedy. However, it also isn't a drama. It's both, and the idea of the comedy and drama going back and forth, putting you in an awkward and nervous position on when to laugh and when not to laugh, works very well. Sitting in a fairly crowded cinema, I didn't know when to laugh and when to cry, and how other people in the audience would react.Another thing that works very well is the films style. The film is shot like an early 70s' blackpoitation film, such as 'Super Fly' or 'Shaft' both of which are mentioned and referenced to in the film. Because of this, we hear a lot of funky 70s music, and we see light disco visuals, reminding of us of the style in 'Boogie Nights'. And this idea of 70s nostalgia is highlighted in a nightclub towards the start of the movie, shared by Ron, and his love interest - and also very well written complex character - Patrice.And all of this style, substance and story is brought to life by the cast, who manage to balance the humour, drama and everything in-between brilliantly, at times making it all the more fun, and at others, making it much more scary and alarming.But none of this would matter if it didn't really mean something. If it didn't have something dark and political to leave on our minds. Of course, it's a Spike Lee joint, so it's going to have some relevance today. And my god, does it. Yes it does! I was in tears in the final part of the movie, which, after laughing and smiling with these characters, racism still goes on, and one person won't change that. It takes a lot to change racism, and no matter how much we can laugh at the racist idiots, the KKK are still out there. And that message really leaves a massive impact on you as a viewer. It's a film where you don't want the lights to fade up, because your not sure what to say or how to feel, and a film like that comes very rarely. And that's why, truely why, BlackkKlansman is one of the best films of the year. 9.5/10

Based on a true story, the first black detective at the Colorado Springs Police Department infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan with the help of a white undercover officer.Not content with the battles portrayed on the screen between black civil rights groups and the Klan, Spike Lee has squared up against Donald Trump and the political state of America today. Throughout the film, there are not-so-subtle nods to the US President's rhetoric and how it echoes the KKK's leader David Duke: at one point he says he wants 'to make America achieve its greatness again' and chants 'America first!' during a speech. The messages the film is trying to get across are not subtle, but it doesn't have to be when the messages have never been irrelevant. At one point, the true and horrific story of the public torture and execution of 17-year-old Jessie Washington in 1916 is told. This story is unfolding as the camera cuts back and forth to the Klan's initiation meeting which makes for a powerful scene of intense juxtaposition (Lee explained in the post-film Q&A that, ironically, this cross cutting technique was invented by the director of Birth of a Nation, an intensely racist pro-KKK 1915 film).The final minutes are fearful to watch as Lee brings us to the present time and the last few shots (which I won't spoil here) left me with a genuine tear in my eye and an uneasy feeling in one of the most basic, primitive part of my being - fear for the minds of my fellow man and the state of the world I'm meant to be leaving to my children.Best Quote: "America would never elect someone like David Duke as President." - "Coming from a black man, that's pretty naïve."

I saw this at the first UK showing and it was a film that was thought provoking, funny, and combined with ideas that make it all to relevant to today. It's terrifying and memorable, and one of the best films of this year.... Please go see this it's superb in almost every aspect...

This is Lee's best film to date! The first film of his I really enjoyed was "Malcolm X"! Like wine, Lee is getting better and better!About the movie, I thought is was brilliant and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Goes to show that not much has changed in amerikkka. White folks think they own the territory, think they are superior and that everyone who they racialize is inferior and should submit to them and bend to their will. Ain't gunna happen folks!

This movie is powerful, with amazing direction and performances. A brilliant homage to Blaxpoitation and a relevant, necessary film in the modern age.

BlacKkKlansman stars John David Washington and Adam Driver as it follows the first black police officer in Colorado Springs as he develops an investigation against the KKK and his suspicion on a possible attack they are about to commit. With having Washington coordinating on the phone with the klansmen and Driver meeting them in person to form one person. This movie I actually have been excited for as I am a fan of Spike Lee and his 'based on true story' films. I loved Malcolm X from him, which ironically had John David Washington in it along side his dad Denzel Washington. And this movie lived up to every expectation I had for it. Spike Lee has always had an interesting way of approaching a topic especially one of controversy like this one. I feel like if any other director took on this film it would come off as being very one sided or even racist. But Lee found that perfect balance with it's amazing visuals and tight dialogue. Going to writing, this is one of Lee's best written scripts to date. The dialogue is both funny and meaningful to show the characters extremely well and how these two detectives are having to change their own beliefs and the way they talk to fit best with the people they're undercover as. Especially some of the scenes, I was laughing out loud in the theater and enjoying every bit of it. One scene towards the end in particular had me laughing and in shock all at once. The acting was once again amazing for Lee. Washington did an amazing job for his breakout role on the big screen as Ron Stallworth. He's hilarious and nobel for taking a role that could have been so racist or interpreted as anything but positive. Driver as well gave once again another amazing performance, possible Oscar worthy. And with him coming from an earlier career of R rated comedies, this type of racist jokes and insults almost fit him. Alongside with his quick reactions to his own lines and his pauses and stutters and with him almost fake acting throughout it makes this film feel so real and grounded all at once. Even some of the other cast members like Alec Baldwin, Robert John Burke, Brian Taratina, and Ryan Eggold. Even Topher Grace as David Duke all fit and were both funny and realistic and shockingly portrayed the characters extremely well based on real footage and documents of the real life people. This film won't be for everyone. They will find it useless or racist or another film to show how bad 'whites' are. But I found this film very enjoyable and entertaining and gave a unique history on our country and what negative things that went on during that time and how it wasn't just a one sided story like what they portray in school or even on documentaries. BlacKkKlansman gets a 9.75/10

Didn't know if this was going to be a comedy or serious, based on the trailer. And I suppose it has some of both, though the subject matter is grim and very serious indeed. But the last 5 minutes really blew me away, as a huge eye-opener to the way things are in the US at the moment. However, I am afraid even unmistakable proof of Trump being a card-carrying member of the KKK will not not endanger his presidency one iota.

I'm not a huge fan of Spike Lee and sadly the tradition continues with him, he takes a true story, screws with it until it suits his needs and puts it out yet its nothing really like the book.I feel a bit disappointing for the main actors, really good performance but its a film meant for one type of audience only and panders to them in a pretty brutal way. These actors desrve more coverage but although does a good job in using their talent he makes a film that's divisive for the wrong reason.Sadly as seen if you don't review it in a good light you stand the chance to get called a bigot which actually does nothing helpful for the film. Were these times brutal and racist towards people of colour especially African Americans, yes they were and the film shows this to its merit BUT Spike then twists it to push HIS agenda and its not a good one.You want a master class in this type of film, Mississippi Burning, it pulls no punches, shows the racism for what it was and how it was helped by White America...But it didn't push an agenda, it was truthful, hard to watch at times and also entertaining, it appealed to a whole audience, Spike Lee targets only who he wants..Shame, I really like what he does with people and his eye for a story but then he lets his other views be motivation for the film and it alienates it for many..

This movie was well designed, until the main subject concluded, and Mr. Lee decided to replay Charlottesville and stick it to President Trump. The movie is about 15 minutes too long, when it strayed off its powerful story.

But ended up being an anti trump statement. Seems the whole of the privileged elite in Hollywood are Marxists determined to subvert the will of the people.Shame as it could have been a good movie!

Though-provoking and beautifully shot. Excellent movie to encourage conversation in this political climate.

Comedy weak. This is not entertainment, not worth your money or time unless you're political and disconnected from the real world. Fiction sold as reality.

This movie is clearly overrated. It'll probably die a death the same way most Spike Lee movies die (Does anyone remember his war movie? And the fact that he used racism to try to promote it - Key Clint Eastwood and Morgan Freeman). The man hasn't made a good movie in almost twenty years but in today's race baiting society with Drumpf in office - he's making more race related movies. As a whole the movie is very subpar with a funny ending. The guy from that 70's show is excellent as David Duke, but there isn't much else. There isn't anything special about it except for our present time. This movie will probably disappear like almost all of Spike's other movies except for maybe 2. Note to Spike Lee - if you want to make a politically and race agenda driven movie do something like Boots Riley. Don't try to say cops are good people. We all know the justice system is incredibly broken.

Honestly I forgot I was watching a movie, it is so well done and the story develops in such a way that it captures you... plus, all of the actors played their characters perfectly, the soundtrack was precise, costumes were beautiful, the funny moments were refreshing, it is a beautiful movie.
Watch it.

I loved this film because on the one hand the story interested me a lot,
and on the other hand, the director, Spike Lee, added several comic scenes.
What interested me is that through fiction, he gives us a real message,
it shows us through images of real facts that the problem is still relevant for years after
this gives a rather shocking, upsetting aspect I will say.
I recommend viewing this masterpiece §

Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) is the first black police officer in 1970's Colorado Springs, Colorado. He faces racism in the department and is eager to go undercover. His first assignment is to attend a speech by a former Black Panther. He starts dating Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrier), the president of the Black Student Union. After reading an ad in the newspaper, he calls up the KKK to apply for membership. He is readily accepted by local leader Walter Breachway (Ryan Eggold) with only one problem. He can't meet Breachway face to face. He recruits Detective Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) to be the face while he provides the voice. Eventually, he would even connect with Grand Wizard David Duke (Topher Grace).Flip's infiltration into the local KKK is compelling. It seems immediately stupid that Ron continues to do the calls. It's not a carefully conceived investigation. Also the third act bombing is too conveniently staged. It needs to be more realistic and more messy. It wraps up too neatly. There are aspects that feels too artificial which detracts from the tension. The subject matter requires the movie to be more real. At times, Spike Lee pushes into satire territories but nevertheless, it is still one of his better recent movies.

I wasn't expecting much from this movie, but was blown away. It was timely, relevant, clever and witty. The characters were clearly one dimensional in that it was black and white as to who was good and who was bad, without any grey areas, but that's what Spike Lee does. It's satire people. This deserves to win many awards. The acting was sublime.

Witty, smart and honest; everything we need right now. Spike Lee's triumphant take on this true story is a necessary watch in today's political climate. Both thrilling and comedic, this film keeps you locked in for every ironic phone call and meeting.

This movie was absolutely amazing, Laura Harrier is such an amazing actress and how she played Patrice was so well done. I would definitely recommend this movie for anyone and everyone

Spike Lee's new film about a black policeman who infiltrated the KKK via phone during the 1970's is a triumph of audacious premise & topical racial politics. Denzel Washington's son plays the detective w/a command of the material & a swagger matching his dad's best performances (What a conundrum to make a trip to the multiplex & having to pick either of the Washington films to see). Also w/Adam Driver & Laura Harrier (from Spiderman: Homecoming) this is being hailed as one of Lee's best but forget the hype, just see the film to witness a moment in history we're unlikely to forget.

Felt like a normal movie, i would give it a 6/10, but when i saw in the end
that it turned into another Trump hater propaganda, i could not give
it less than 1. Keep your politics out of the movies!Also, i do not like Trump and i think he is a bad politician.

Spike Lee proves with this joint those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. A great adaptation of the book that captures the whole unbelievable story. While the film is very funny it also gets its serious message across very well.

Truth be told, I've not been looking forward to reviewing this. Much like Spike Lee, I have much to say regarding the apparent racial clash in America's modern-like society that feels more archaic than ever. However, I shall be discarding my political views from this review and strictly taking the time to critique Lee's boisterously powerful drama. Chronicling the true story of a black detective infiltrating the Ku Klux Klan to prevent any attacks that may result in a race war. An absolutely fascinating case that metaphorically represents a variety of multi-dimensional themes. A black individual joining an all-white clan, without them identifying him, shows that all races are able to integrate and reside peacefully in cohabitation. We are all law-abiding citizens. We are all integral components in society. We are all the same, regardless of skin colour. The KKK contrasts with former Black Panther Party members in the method they choose to rally up support. The former are likened to a terrorist organisation where actions speak louder than words, whereas the latter utilise the power of words to incite their followers, not to provoke them, but to motivate them in expressing themselves for a revolution. That's not a biased representation from Lee, it's fact. This is not a subtle depiction of a minority dealing with the remaining racists of society. This is a message. A message of power, liberation and revolution. The several screenwriters, including Lee, remove all expletive barriers. Nearly every offensive, racial and derogatory word is embedded within the sharp screenplay. It irrefutably has bite, and immediately absorbs you into the visceral environment of 70s America. Illustrating the racial ideology of white supremacism for both political and socioeconomic systems against a contemptuous backdrop. It's provocative, making your inner activism rise as the narrative progresses. Fortunately, the script's focus is still on the plot, and it remains enthralling throughout. Balancing astute contemporary humour with uncompromising speeches where we cling onto every spoken word, witnessing Lee's illustrious perspective on black power through the medium of film. I'm not overtly familiar with his filmography, but there is no denying that his ability to address important issues without conforming to melodrama is nothing short of genius. His precise directing allows the cast to integrate themselves as part of the story. Washington portraying naivety through sarcastic wit and energetic bodily movements enabled him to be a likeable character amongst a sea of societal regression. But, yet again, Driver steals the screen. His acting is effortless and still remains one of the most credible actors working today. His comedic timing, calm demeanour and emotional conviction all amalgamate to create an authentic character portrayal. There is no denying that this is a timely film that is more important than ever given current situations, which are highlighted in the final five minute sequence. Yet, I do have some issues. Regardless of my political and social views, I find injecting one's opinion into a film so forcibly, considering the basis of the film is the depiction of a true story, to be distasteful. Understandably, Lee utilises the case to compare the similarities of today's society with that of 70s America. But in doing so, the consistent sly remarks against the Trump administration tainted the tone of the film and instead started to become a personal attack. It is a personal statement, I get that. And Lee clearly wanted to share his viewpoint with the rest of the world. It just needed less lambaste in order to maintain the professionalism that was nested throughout the rest of the film. It didn't help that those particular scenes were embedded within the clunky narrative, furthering its own dispensability. However, the unique prowess of BlacKkKlansman should not go unnoticed. Both important and entertaining, Spike Lee is back on top form, and he has something to say.

Throughout the entire course of this film, I had but one thought: This story has great potential, but it's very amateurish. With a better script, better actors and a better director, this could be a real blockbuster. With the credits rolled and I saw that the director was Spike Lee, I got it. I've never seen a Spike Lee film that I thought was anything above mediocre. I'm not sure why the man is so popular: His work is very immature. As far as casting: John David Washington has the depth of a teaspoon. I've seen better "acting" from an audio-animatronic.

Oh my . Really hard to stay awake on this one. Way too slow and boring movie. Maybe 5 minutes of interest spread over more than 2 hours.

BlacKkKlansman (2018)The problem with this movie is exactly why Spike Lee made it: it is political activism. It's well made and a decent bit of storytelling with good acting and a strong underlying story. But it overtly pushes its message, and makes no effort to hide that.
But this isn't a Michael Moore documentary. This is a film based on a true story, with actors and some embellishments. And it pushes the obvious, clichés and all. It does this not only in the end and beginning, which are bookends that announce their message, but also in the story itself, by keeping it simple to the point of simplistic. Maybe that's unfair and extreme--on second viewing I realized the movie is first rate filmmaking, whatever its limitations.
If you get the story, and even if you empathize completely with the message, the effect as a movie, as a feature film out to create drama and move and shape you, this effect is flimsy and false. Yes, false even, because you know a grittier, more complicated truth must be there.
You do end up thinking of director Spike Lee's other films here, like the brilliant "Malcolm X" and its own historical reconstruction, or "Do the Right Thing" with its more fictional immersion and conviction. And this one, "BlacKkKlansman," is less lyrical even though it is quite well filmed, and less moving even though built on compelling facts.
The conventional core of the movie is good (and sometimes fun and funny), with the infiltration of some KKK types (made generally caricatures to the point of being almost comic, which is a shame). However, the last scenes with all the high fives might drive you crazy, and the documentary footage will make you realize there are more penetrating things out there than the movie you just watched.
It's good, I'm glad I saw it, but it's half of what it could have been. But in truth (seeing it a second time), it's very well made and compelling. But for
Spike Lee (at his best) it ends up half of what he has pulled off in the past. Which isn't so bad at all. Watch it!

Go watch it! Very entertaining and gives everybody something to think about.

Taking a unique style on a timely subject, BlacKkKlansman is a film that shoots right for your face and doesn't let you beat around the bush. The film intros with Alec Baldwin creating a promotional video for the KKK. Whilst standing in front of a projector displaying videos across his body, it quickly cuts between many different takes with misspoken racist words Immediately establishing the parody that the movie was based upon. 
 The film follows an African-American police officer Ron Stallworth, played by John David Washington, who successfully infiltrates the KKK. With a very obvious problem of him not being KKK material, he enlisted the help of fellow white officer Flip Zimmerman, played by Adam Driver, who must act as him when meeting with the "organization's" members.
 Director Spike Lee took a very in your face approach to the film, not cutting anything out, going into great detail, and at some points pushing the envelope as far as he could. With many scenes filled with racist rants from KKK members, there is no way this film could be watchable by non-racist people without a superb director at the helm. Lee was able to give you a great balance that brought you to the edge of your seat without you falling out. He breaks up these hard to watch scenes with well-timed humor, and an overarching aura of ridiculousness and unbelievability. Many times throughout the film, your caught thinking to yourself that there is no way they can be serious, that no sane person could actually think these things. But the more unbelievable fact is that people did and some still do.
 John David Washington is a perfect fit for the role, he plays the very clever but quirky black cop in a white world to a tee. Giving a performance that is believable without hesitation. Paired with the up and down Adam Driver, playing a similar style character as from "Logan Lucky", always seems to find his way into these bizarre roles. He has a knack for embodying a slightly redneck character who doesn't give off a complete feeling of confidence. And it works. Each character is able to bounce off the next and not necessarily put in performances to remember, but performances that don't get in the way of the voice and message of the movie. 
 BlacKkKlansman does an incredible job of showing both sides of not just the KKK but also the Black Panthers. Maybe leaning towards one and not the other, but it gives a window into how these groups were organized and what they stood for. Juxtapositioning "White Power" with "Black Power," the movie leaves the audience with evaluating not just their own beliefs but where the state of the country is. Moreover, the entire movie you are thinking how ridiculous these people's thoughts are and how could anyone really believe this. Then the film ends showing footage from Charlottesville and reminding us that those people aren't gone. There are still many people today who think this is how it really should be. 
 This day and age, movies are coming out about black people, women, gay people, and the underclass that are beginning to show to the country that there is whole other sides of life that we aren't used to seeing in popular culture. Spike Lee definitely joined in to that message now, and it's a push that will begin to hopefully educated the masses on what this country truly looks like. Especially if movies are going to be this well made, there is not an end on the horizon.

I enjoyed the movie, not sure what it was about, but it was good entertainment. Everyone was a hater and every "ism" and "ist" was present.Everyone was so equally incompetent the inherent comedy and juxtaposition of apple pie and explosives was great fun. Fundamentally it was an american story that had no transferability.I loved the fro's, the fashion, the cars, the cinematography, the lighting and the tight script, throughout it was fine acting.If there was a theme over and above the story on screen, it was perhaps the dangers that come with any blind sort of identity politics. If there was meant to be some parallels with the now I couldn't see any, subtlety is lost on me.The strange footage at the beginning and end of the movie was a strange interjection that had little to do with the movie and was just an unnecessary distraction

"Black KKKlansman" is based on the memoir of a black former cop. The job of police (black and white alike) is to keep workers and the oppressed in line on behalf of the owning class, with blacks at the bottom as a special target of state brutality from slavery on. While spying on the Klan in the '70s with the help of a white colleague, the black cop also infiltrated the multiracial, worker-oriented Progressive Labor group. Police historically disrupt progressive organizations, while generally protecting those of racists and fascists -- the rulers' reserve army. Over and over they cover for individual cop acts of racist brutality. How does Spike Lee handle these facts? He ignores his hero's work against PL and invents an episode in which the police department opposes a racist in its ranks. The movie does show racism (still) rampaging, stoked by the rulers' present front man. Against this unavoidable truth, the filmmaker counterposes messages and protests rejecting hate. Their wishful moralizing is about as useful as a silk shirt against a bullet. Our defense depends not on cops, or mockery of the racists, or "love," but on the power of the multiracial working class. A new rating is in order: This exciting entertainment for anti-racists should be viewed through class-reality lenses. Rita Freed

"BlacKkKlansman" (2018 release; 135 min,) brings the (true) story of Ron Stllworth. As the movie opens, we get a clip from Gone With the Wind, the famous scene where Scarlett walks among the hundreds, if not thousands of wounded soldiers, with the camera eventually catching the Confederate flag. After that, we are introduced to Ron Stallworth, an African-American interviewing for, and getting, a job on the Colorado Springs Police Department, the first African-American to do so (we are in 1974, as we see "Re-elect Nixon" signs). The Department is blatantly racist on many levels. After a rough start, Stallworth asks, and gets, to be assigned as an undercover cop. Then one day, he sees an ad for the local chapter of the KKK in the local newspaper, and decides to call the telephone number in the ad. Much to his surprise, he makes headway in the KKK's local chapter... At this time we are less than 15 min. into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: writer-director Spike Lee has known many ups and downs in his 3+ decade career, and this surely is one of the ups. Taking an obscure fait diver from 40+ years ago (a back man infiltrating the KKK!), Lee builds it into a timely political movie about today's leadership in Washington. Yes, let's just say it: David Duke, featured prominently, is projected as a precursor of the current POTUS. "Make America great again!", and later "America first" are used in the film. If it looks a bit heavy-handed, it frankly is. The movie benefits greatly from the charming performances by its leads, John David Washington as Ron Stallworth and Adam Driver as fellow undercover cop Flip Zimmerman (and stand-in Ron Stallworth). Laura Harrier has a breakout performance as Stallworth's romantic interest. On the negative side, the movie's running time is way, way too long (by a good 20-30 min.). Yet all that said, none of this would matter if it weren't for the last 5 min. of the movie, which all brings it home so pointedly (no worries, I won't spoil). You could hear a pin drop in the theater where I saw this during the movie's conclusion..."BlacKkKlansman" premiered at this year's Cannes film festival to immediate acclaim (it won the Grand Prix), and was released wide this weekend. The Friday evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was PACKED. Given the inherently controversial nature of this film, I have no idea whether this will be a box office smash, but that isn't even the main point. If you have any interest it the racial divide that exists in this country, I'd readily suggest you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.

The movie was good up until the end when they showed clips of Charlottesville. I am not blind to how things work, that being said, I enjoyed the movie up until then.
I don't think I ever saw a movie with John Washington, he did a great job and even sounded like his father at times.
Scored a 5 due to the ending, without that it would have been an 8.

The way this film blends biting comedy, drama, and satire with real-life weight is impressive, especially because it manages to be so powerful. Strongly recommended, strong return to form for Spike Lee.

Contrary to some of you who are saying Spike Lee was presenting his political beliefs, the view he presented is the world in which African American people of had to tolerate in the United States for years. This was not a political statement, this was a movie on reality. The reality is even to this day coloured people and immigrants are still putting up with significant intolerance. There is only one way to get the rest of the North America to understand what their own world is really like and that is to make you feel uncomfortable.

Spike Lee's talent never left. As is the case with great filmmakers, his perspective, his style and his vision have been present in all his work. As is also the case with great filmmakers, some of his work simply towers above the rest. 'Blackkklansman' is one of those towering achievements. The film is difficult to classify because it transcends a single genre. At various times it's funny, dramatic, suspenseful, provocative. Often, it's many things at once. The one consistency of this heterogenous mixture, is excellence.The story revolves around a college graduate, Ron Stallworth, who becomes the first black person to work for the Colorado Springs Police Department. Playing Ron is John David Washington, who, like his father, Denzel, carries himself and speaks with composure and power. He has a way of calmly making his presence felt without ever posing a threat, which is why the police chief believes he can command respect and handle the abuse he will surely take from the racist civilians (and fellow officers). Ron quickly wins a chance to go undercover at a speaking event for a former black panther leader. His task to learn if the speaker is looking to incite violence (he's not). After a successful first mission, Ron is assigned to undercover work, and, one a whim, calls the number for the local KKK that he read in the paper. Buttering up the Klan-or as they call themselves, the organization-with fake white supremacist talk, he arranges a meeting. Since he's black, he teams up with a white officer, Flip (Adam Driver, who is spectacular in his role), to form the combined Ron Stallworth. It works like a charm because, as the real Ron says, "with the right white man, we can do anything." Spike Lee is fair in his portrayal of everyone. Within some of the Klansman, there exists a puzzling contradiction-they're polite, courteous, and charismatic, but they're also despicable racists. Klan national director, David Duke, gracious to all the people all the white people he meets, but also says things like, "blacks are an in inferior race. It's a fact." Topher Grace plays Duke, a challenging role, with nuance and something that resembles likability (aside from the racism, obviously). Duke and a couple other Klansman are the kind of people that you could meet without knowing anything about them, and you might describe them as gentlemen. That is, until they slip a racist comment into conversation. Other members of the Klan are slobbering, disgusting overt racists. Both types of people feel real, because they both are. The police are portrayed fairly too. Some are evolved, others are trying but not quite there, and others are just as appalling as the slobbering, disgusting overt racist Klansman. Spike Lee is at his best, as he typically is when working with material about race in America. Subtlety isn't always his strength or his intention, hence the mix of over-the-top and subtle racism. He opts to hammer home his message at the film's closing with some footage of last year's march in Charlottesville and the sound bites from a certain political figure that followed. Some viewers may argue that this footage wasn't needed. I think the film would work fine without it, but it certainly adds an extra punch.The film's narrative is so utterly fascinating as a crime story that the elements of race could be removed and the movie would still work. But, it's the poignant social commentary that elevates the project to best picture contention. There's so much going on that it's definitely a movie that needs to be watched twice. As great as it is the first time, I imagine that it's even better on the second viewing. In any case, 'Blackkklansman' is one of the best movies of the year and one we will likely be thinking about for a long time.

Can't believe this movie has such a high rating.Just watched Destroyer and this one is boring as hell.Gave it a 1 to cover some of those fanboys over here.

As a fan of Spike Lee, I know this review will sound awfully biased, but only to the extent that I'm preoccupied by the way intolerance infected many souls of civilization.Now, Spike Lee is not a political director but a director who cares for politics to the degree that politics care for people; ever since his "Do The Right Thing" in 1989, he never made any secrets about his political inclinations, he sided with Clinton in 1992 less as a democrat than someone who thought Bush would be worse. So any attempt to trap his new "BlacKkKlansman" within the 'Liberals vs. Conservatives' realm wouldn't solve the problem but only prove too well that it exists.The movie is a biopic, not the type to garner Oscar nominations (I do expect one for Best Screenplay though) but a biopic that cares for substance, for ideas rather than being your average crowd-pleaser. The acting never crosses the line of emotionality as Lee doesn't try to bait the Academy but only uses his artistry for a cautionary tale addressed to American (and maybe even European) societies. So, I shouldn't even talk about the Oscars, let's get to the real stuff.Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) is the first Afro-American to join the Colorado Springs Police Department. His first job in the archives makes him realize very quickly that bigotry runs in the Police, for some 'colleagues', it practically gallops given the terms of identifications they use to describe African-Americans. But that's only a foretaste on what's awaiting us, there's more than one racist rant in the film... so sensitive ears are warned.Still, Lee takes his time before getting to the point as we see Ron dealing first undercover assignment in a Black Panther meeting. Even as a fan , I was afraid the film might sound a bit too preachy for its own good. The speech made by the Black Panther leader, inviting students to love themselves, to accept their identity as black people instead of mimicking or trying to mix with the whites is powerful but visually, it might not be Lee's subtlest work... thankfully, it's not overused.Washington's acting is more notable in that scene: from his neutral expression, I couldn't tell how he actually felt about Corey Hawkins' speech. This is a man who endures racism on a daily basis but chose to join the Police Force, he looks sincere enough in his approving nods, but not so much to raise his fist and join their enthusiastic "Black Power" chant. This is a real masterful portrayal of a character literally sitting on two chairs, and by his own admittance a few scenes later, who must live with two people inside his head.Now, to get back to Lee's work, the meeting sequence is important for two precise pay-offs: Ron meets female militant Patrice (Laura Harrier) and together they become good friends and have the most interesting conversation (and I don't mean that loosely). And then later when he joins the KKK, we have enough intellectual material to draw parallels between the way Black people picture themselves and the way they're looked at. It is important to have that glimpse before getting to the other side.Now, I'd rather not get into too much details about Ron infiltrating the KKK, because it's a terrific undercover story with fun novelties. First of all, it's pure curiosity that drove Ron into making contact with the "Organization", if even they can print an ad in the newspaper, maybe there's something rotten going on and that is worth making a phone call and see where this leads to. The second novelty is that there are two cops in the mission, it's Adam Driver as Flip Zimmermann who must pass as the "man behind the voice": white all right, but Jewish.Spike Lee has often been accused for his portrayal of Jewish characters (especially "Mo' Better Blues") or his vocal concerns about the double standards between Blacks and Jews. But I think that was an unfair trial that gave him bad publicity and stained his reputation, critic Gene Siskel (of Jewish ancestry) considered Lee was in his right to express his own views. Besides, Lee doesn't hierarchize hatreds but shows them as the ends of a same spectrum of hatred meant to last. Indeed, we hear nasty things in the film but not much worse from what we hear in any Internet comments against Blacks, Jews, Gays, Arabs etc.And Lee exposes an interesting theory connecting the film's context with the rise of racism to a certain presidency today, and that might not content a few supporters. But before one accuses Lee of being some "liberal midget", one should also look at the last five minutes of the film and consider the recent tragedy in Pittsburgh.One more thing, I remember during the Caramail days, I used to register in different identities and have fun feigning being racist toward my own "kind" in order to elicit a reaction from the "other side". Why it was fun I don't know, maybe because it showed that people are maybe racist to be in a sort of psychological zone of comfort or self-defense machanism, what better than believing that you belong to the right side, after all?But the film shows the dramatic catch of rubbing people's hearts in the right direction. Spike Lee hasn't just a stance against a political leader but also a certain movie I felt sorry for praising its iconic value: "The Birth of a Nation". There's a powerful cameo of Harry Belafonte telling a story of some savage lynching that occurred as a reaction to that movie screening, and it's just reminded (and I'm not making comparisons) of the Twitter reactions against Arabs after the release of "American Sniper".Maybe it says something about the responsibility of Cinema as an Art, and maybe the film was made because Lee felt responsible enough... to remind us that history has a tendency to repeat itself. Let's just hope future proves him wrong!

Spike condescends his audience by dumbing-down the narrative in his latest mainstream project.
The premise is solid: a burgeoning revolution in the war against racism, and the elevated actions on either side to actualize results. It's not obvious to me if the "true" story wasn't being introduced NOW to show the obvious parallel to Trump, or if it was a docudrama period-piece to be consumed on its own merit.
There is some high-quality film making here, especially the camera work, staging and a lot of production techniques. Good editing. The capable ensemble had to contend with a script that is a bit stiff and cliched replete with cartoonish characters. Ron Stallworth and Flip Zimmerman are not very credible. Stallworth, a black rookie cop in a time when black cops were frowned upon within the force, seemingly knows more than the rest of his superiors, and is given command over investigative force mere weeks after being a file clerk. His voice sounds nothing like Zimmermans but apparently it fools everyone, including David Duke who prides himself on detecting black dialect. All of the white characters are written as morons which is typical in Spike films. Granted, I don't have much love for the white characters in this film, but some of them are so far over the top Like Andy Landers and Dr. Kennebrew Beauregard, plus a character who borders on being completely mentally challenged who I can't find on the IMDB cast list. Everything seems to fall into place for our protagonist Stallworth, even the end when Landers gets busted out of the blue and completely out of context, to cross some perverbial-T. It was a loose-end that didn't need to be tied. One bright spot: Harry Belafonte makes an appearance to give a history lesson into the atrocities of the Klan and their acceptance into southern white culture, is disturbing, but again, watered-down and grandstanding. Spike needs to take bigger risks with his film-making and stop worrying that he's going to piss-off the wrong white person who green-lights his films, and just go for it, he's got the chops, he simply needs to get himself dirty. As it stands, he's to neat and pretty.

Based upon true events, BlacKkKlansman tells the story of Colorado Springs' first African American police officer who spontaneously calls the local Ku Klux Klan branch and pretends to be interested in joining the group. The white supremacist group falls for his trick and members of the local branch propose to meet him in person. The African American police officer teams up with a Jewish coworker who inflitrates the group in his own stead. As civil rights activists become unsettled in the city and clash with the local Ku Klux Klan branch that prepares for their Grand Wizard's visit, the two police officers must keep the population save and prevent a dangerous bomb plot.The movie convinces for numerous reasons. First of all, it's based upon true events yet tells a very improbable story. Secondly, the characters are authentic, diversified and intriguing. Thirdly, the actresses and actors did expert jobs and play their roles with conviction, energy and wit. Fourthly, the films truly reincarnates the spirit of the early seventies in the way people were dressed and talked but it also respects cultural and political circumstances that give the film the vibe of a documentary at times. Fifthly, the film doesn't only include documentary segments but is also an adventurous mixture of a tense crime film and an emotive drama. Sixthly, even though the movie has a clear message, it isn't too judgemental and shows that some civil rights activists are as radical as their opponents. Seventhly, the film has a strong message: racism isn't acceptable under any circumstances. Eighthly, the film has a connection to the present, showing how civil rights activists still get attacked by white supremacists in present-day United States of America while the President of the United States of America fails to address the issue properly and attempt to solve it. Ninethly, the movie is filmed with care in form of calm and precise camera work and a lack of special effects to give it a more authentic vibe.You can watch BlackKklansman for many reasons. It certainly portrays an intriguing if horrifying part of the history of the United States of America. It's a gripping drama with credible characters. It's a thriller that becomes more and more intense and literally ends with a bang. Most importantly however, this movie makes you think about civil rights and racism in the United States of America. Even though the overall situation has improved since the early seventies when the movie takes place, some issues have always remained present and have even become more critical over the past few years. BlacKkKlansman shows what the United States of America really are: a divided country torn between progression and regression. With its intense epilogue that offers a clear statement after the main part of the movie was mostly neutral, BlacKkKlansman invites to speak and stand up for civil rights. If you're a true American, this is what you ought to do. If you're not, take the film as a dynamic mixture between entertainment and lesson that offers some food for thought.

Watched it thinking it was a comedy. Couldn't have been more wrong but learnt a lot in this superb movie.
Stick it on your gift list for Christmas!

BlacKkKlansman Review:BlacKkKlansman is the true story of Ron Stallworth, a black policeman, who infiltrated the KKK by calling them on the phone and sending Flip Zimmerman, a Jewish policeman, to pretend to be him. I was excited to see this movie for a long time. I'm surprised that this story hadn't been made into a movie yet. This has got to be one of the best movies of the year! It was so entertaining and kept the audience's attention the whole time. John David Washington did absolutely phenomenal! His character was very interesting and he portrayed him very well. Adam Driver also did one of his best performances. Ryan Eggold as KKK member Walter was very good as well. I loved the direction by Spike Lee. Probably his best movie. The tone of the movie was great. It was a comedy but there were scenes that were dramatic and emotional. It reminded me of I, Tonya. I loved the editing for it! It felt like the 70s. Same with the score for the film. At the end of the movie they played scenes of how black people are treated today and how they still face racism and hate. It was very emotional and necessary. I loved everything about this movie, except for that it was just a little too long due to some scenes lasting longer than needed. I really don't want to say much else about the film because you should go into it without knowing much. Definitely see BlacKkKlansman. You won't regret it!My Grade: A

While the trailer leads you to believe that this is a full blown comedy, it has it's fair share of seriousness and action. That's not a bad thing either. Crazy that it's a true story. The very end was the most gripping though for how eye opening it is

BlacKkKlansman is a great film. This is the only film this year where I took as much away from it as I did. It really makes you think of the controversial decisions made in society today. The son of famous actor Denzel Washington, John David Washington, is in this film and he gives his star performance. Adam Driver (Kylo Ren) also gives a fine performance as a Jewish cop pretending to be a klan member. This real meat on the bone is at the end when the last ten minutes come and it's footage of the Black Lives Matter group and Presdient Trump explaining some controversial stuff. By the final shot of the film, my mind blew with its powerful symbolism and realistic message. Tis might be my favorite film of the year, it might beat Hereditary and A Quite Place, it may not. The first half is pretty slow however and some odd comedic timing, which are my only real flaws with this movie. I'm gonna give BlacKkKlansman an 8/10.

Best film of the year. No doubt. End of. Case closed.

I think this movie portrays what we had to fix in the past and still need to fix in the present perfectly.I truely hope this movie is seen by as much people as possible. This is education people.

Every scene had something. Whether it was the soundtrack, the acting, the perilous situations, every scene had something, and it was all great. Denzel Washington's son plays the main character and you can hear his father in his performance but never too much so that it takes you out of his character. HE Embodies his character and is really believable. Everyone else was stellar. This movie made me feel uncomfortable at moments, because of the issues regarding race. It was so heavy sometimes, I felt like I wanted to leave the theatre; but thats just really good filmmaking if youre making the audience feel for a film and keep their captivation. Overall 9/10 had some pacing issues, scenes that could have been cut down by a minute or two, but other than that this is a must see for anyone who enjoys a controversial, well-written, beautiful looking film.

Some websites describe BlacKkKlansman as a drama, some as a comedy, some as both. It is funny at times, yet for all the wrong reasons, as we watch a predominantly white police force begrudgingly help a black detective infiltrate the KKK and thwart a fiendish, if inept, plot.Some have criticized the message as too heavy-handed, but how can that be given the final scenes which jump forty years ahead to documentary footage from the Charlottesville protests and the horrific vehicular homicide?The pernicious question is whether it is best to fight for your civil rights from without or from within the government, because it seems impossible, at least in movie terms, to do both at the same time without sacrificing some ideals along the way. Can you be a part of the system that oppresses but use it to defeat itself, or are you simply another cog in a machine, allowed to play a small role to claim unlasting gains now and then?Does Adam Driver act? He could be portraying Kylo Ren again, given the narrow ranges of his performances. Was David Duke as milquetoast as Topher Grace's phone voice suggests?Fortunately for our hero, the KKK is comprised of a bunch of drunk, hateful, and ignorant idiots. Naturally, it is the white people who swoop in to save the day, leaving a lasting impression that black power is simply what white power allows.

An important and absolutely relevant film these days. I loved how Spike Lee mixed history with little hints of today's political situation sometimes more literal than expected. Lee portrays racism as an never ending conflict and war but also kind of spoofs it in a very respectful way. Even if some of the characters were too cartoonish for my taste. Like Connie.
Nevertheless it was an important and effectly entertaining ride that gives us some of the best performances of the years at this stage. First of all there is Denzel's son John David Washington's who inheritated his fathers talent and follows his legacy. Another great performance came from Adam Driver who is Devine and steals many of the films scenes. Jasper Päakkönen gives possibly the best performance in the film. Sure his character appears to be very cartoonish too, on the paper however he is convincing with his rough and sometimes frightening aura. Laura Harrier was also wonderful and gives the film the right heart and soul. Nice change for Topher Grace in an unexpected role. Great cameo by Alec Baldwi. The score was fantastic, some editing really wonderful. Its your typical Spike Lee joint... as it was made in the 90s so glad he is back to good quality films again. The screenplay was very good as well and I loved the general look of it. Good film with many great references of the actual situation. The ending footage was heartbreaking and the most perfect way to end a film like this.

Great movie, very funny at times yet still very serious. Acting is top notch. Many lines clearing poking at Trump, and how little America has changed since these events took place.
I went by myself and was blown away, do I went again with my girlfriend and she loved it as well. Loved it just as much a second go.
Love Washington in Ballers, and he even better leading in a movie! Great actor.

I was living in Louisiana when David Duke ran for office and got elected to the state's House of Representatives. I'm kind of ashamed to have known people who openly supported and voted for him, despite his background and history.BlacKkKlansman has a lot in common with Imperium, which is also based on real-life events about an FBI agent who infiltrates a white supremacist organization. Even though Spike Lee has been a filmmaker for decades, BlacKkKlansman is not as polished as Imperium from a directorial and narrative standpoint, but Topher Grace's performance as David Duke is spot on, and both films excellently capture the ignorance and irrational fear of these racists.BlacKkKlansman has gotten high marks, but it's not good as Imperium.

Was hesitant to see this film at first.....and now I am so grateful I saw it!! This is an absolute beautiful film, do yourself a favor and see Blackkklansman!

John David and Adam Driver are excellent at portraying the same Klan infiltrator as they struggle internally with personal conflicts over Black Power/Pride and being Jewish, respectively. Some funny moments, some sad moments and some or should I say plenty, hard-to-take racist dialogue reminiscent of then and NOW. Good music. Excellent movie that is worth seeing.

Another below average movie overwhelmed by fake 10/10 reviews. This movie started out as a somewhat of a comedy and then quickly transformed into its own category of trash films. They bait the audience in thinking this is going be a fun watch but it is so overrun with "all Whites are evil" that is impossible to enjoy. The final scene tries to link president Trump in with the KKK. They missed the mark on this movie, skip it and save yourself the headache.

This movie is about to be a massive explosion in the film-moking world, of social relations and politics.
It's a film made bi Spike Lee who made " Do The Right Thing " in 1989, which was already very much devoted to the African-American cause.
Based on the true story Ron Stallworth who infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan in 1979 with the help of the Colorado Springs Police Department.
There's also a good cast with notable actors such as John David Washington ( Denzel's son ), Adam Driver ( who played Kylo Ren ), Laura Harrier, Corey Hawkins, Michael Buscemi, Topher Grace and even Alec Baldwin.
They're all doing a great acting job, and make the movie more emotional.
This movie perfectly describe how rough the climate between balck and white people was in the 70's US society, and how it hasn't really changed nowadays.
Sometimes, it's funny, sometimes it's appalling but, most of all, it's very convincing.
In today's life in the United States, people are living the same tensions during the Civil Rights riots in the 50's and 60's, extremism is upcoming, people die for their opinions and a huge wave of violence divide the country in different parts.
The last film shots leave you in shock, flabberfasted, struck and also scared about what the hell is going wrong in this country.
I hope that it'll have an impact on the neo-Nazi/white supremacist camp, and make them think if they are really fighting for a great cause or just spread hate, racism and division towards peaceful members of the Black Lives Matter movement.

BlacKkKlansman is a Spike Lee movie and I heard some opinions about this movie which were not correct.
First, Ihad mixed feelings because I had to see it with the English teacher, the History teacher and the rest of the class at the cinema ; then I saw it and I found it compellming especially when an old black men tells his story aboiut Jesse Washington, it was both upsetting and striking at that moment, I was in tears during the scene like during the scene when Ku Klux Klan members are all together and they are watching "The Birth of a Nation" and laugh when black people are chased by white people.
It is faithful to the reality of what African Americans lived in the 1970s and eye-opening of how racist the USA (even now because of Donald Trump) can be.
So, if you didn't see the movie, I truly recommend it!

I saw the trailer and thought the premise was particularly humorous, so I decided to give it a go. Unfortunately, what started off with a promising storyline increasingly became a politically charged commentary attempting to tie Trump and his base to the unbelievably racist democrat party's history. I tried to overlook the constant allusion to Trump and believing racism and Christianity goes hand in hand, but by the end I was left disappointed and frustrated that the truth had little place in this movie.It is sad that people do lot see a clear difference between race relations today vs 100 years ago. If you are a conservative, just save yourself the frustration and avoid this movie. If you are big into SJW ideology, then you'll love this movie.

It was a great movie, well done the actors were playing good and some moments were so true that they makes me crying especially when they showed the movie, "A birth of a Nation" and when the old black man tell his story in Black Panther's group but I dislike the transition between the past and the present even if what Trump's do is giving marks to the KKK. I really recommend this movie, it connect us with what the USA shouldn't be today : racist and anti-immigrants.

I recently saw the new Spike Lee movie BlacKkKlansman, and I'm happy to say it was a great experience watching it. I was somewhat nervous going into the movie due to the fact that most of Spike's other movies were underwhelming to me. I'm happy to say that BlacKkKlansman breaks that trend.One aspect I never found Spike Lee to be great at is Shot Composition. Even in his movies that I like ( He Got Game, Do The Right Thing), The cinematography seemed very uninspired to me. For BlacKkKlansman the cinematography had to be better because of the time when the movie was set in. After viewing I can confidently say that I really enjoyed the majority of the shots in the movie. The shot were John David Washington's character is in a room were a speech is being given and the camera zooms in on the people's faces and creates a really compelling shot. I also really enjoyed the scene where two people are having a conversation and the shot is split into two dutch angles, and I also loved the shot were two main characters are walking down a hallway a the shot zooms in to them in a way that really emphasizes the tone of the scene. All of these do a great job a helping us believe the time of the movie and is very reminiscent of the Black Exploitation movies that very clearly inspired it.The acting was great, John David Washington does a phenomenal job as the main character. Adam Driver also provided a great performance and had great chemistry with Washington which was essential to the success of the film. All of the members of KKK gave great performances, Especially Jasper Paakkonen who's role had the potential to be very cringy.The story of the movie was pretty good for the most part. One gripe I would have is that there is a break in between the end of the second act of the movie and the third act which moved very slowly and was especially annoying because I could clearly tell where the film was going. With that said the final act of the movie is great and the tension is very palpable even for who knew how it ended before hand. The way the movie leaves little clues that come into the third act later is really rewarding for people that pay close attention.Now for the elephant in the room, what do I think about the messaging in the movie. I'm not going to complain about the movie being preachy because it is very clearly trying to have a message. I was big fan of when the movie pulled very sneaky messages were they make parallel to today in a very clever way, the way that you have to catch the messages yourself makes the movie far more engaging. For the sake of spoilers i'm not going to go into to detail on any of them. The only complaint I have is when it comes to criticizing Trump the movie throws the nuance out the window for painfully obvious lines that are cringy enough that I half expected the characters to wink at the screen. It always annoyed when musicians, filmmakers and other forms of media bash Trump in such a dumb and lowest common denominater way as if to not go over anyone's head. Thankfully there weren't many examples of this.In conclusion I think that BlacKkKlansman was a great movie that is very poignant for today. Spike Lee really returns to form and I would say this is his best movie yet. I would highly recommend for everyone to see itScore: 8/10

Perfect example of truth being stranger than fiction. He used his real name to apply for membership in the KKK. How was that possible? The film technique took me back to the 70's, back to Black Belt Jones, Foxy Brown, Get Christie Love, etc. The Charlottesville, VA scene was shown at the end of the movie, demonstrating how things have not improved. Things are worst now, since racism isn't compelled to hide it's face. When the movie ended, it was eerily quiet. The truth was uncomfortable and disgusting. People got up and left silently without comment. It was a lot to think about. I'm still thinking about it. Thinking about seeing it again. Especially admired the dissent student group, we don't have one at our college. Where are our strong leaders to advocate for justice? "All Power to All the People".

I genuinely enjoyed this picture and without a doubt I was amazed by the starring performance by John David Washington, who clearly has a stellar career ahead of him. One can't help noticing that he DOES NOT look like his very famous father Denzel Washington, which is actually a great blessing because audiences can look at his performances and not be constantly reminded of his paternity!
I strongly suggest that moviegoers see this outstanding picture and continue to see whatever new roles his plays in the years to come because he really is a great actor with a great future ahead of him!

I've never been a fan of Spike Lee's movies, not because I disagree with his angry views but because as works of entertainment his pictures always impressed me as being profoundly mediocre. With a few notable exceptions, (such as the superb cultural study BAMBOOZLED), a typical Spike Lee Joint is shrill, preachy, and one-dimensional, with flat characters, forced comic situations, a lot of lecturing and very little action. But this movie is different. This powerful, action packed police drama made me totally rethink the limits of Spike Lee's talent. For the first time in his career, Spike shows subtlety and restraint. He allows the characters to live and grow on screen, instead of just shouting at each other. He allows the story to make the points he wants to make, instead of just stopping the action so the characters can lecture the audience. The power of this movie comes from the fact that the storytelling is very quiet, almost low-key. When the black cop calls up the Klan and tries to enroll, at first it seems like a prank. But soon it becomes very serious. And when the Jewish cop has to step in as the "double" of the invisible Klan recruit, you can feel the tension building just in the way Flip Zimmerman becomes better and better at playing a racist white man who hates Jews. John David Washington is a classic leading man, but Adam Diver really steals the show as the complex and conflicted Zimmerman. This is the first Spike Lee movie I've ever seen where a white man is something other than a menace or a buffoon. ("But black men are portrayed that way all the time!" I know, Spike. I know.)It was so obvious that this time out Spike was working with better camera people, better film editors, and a better composer to write the haunting musical score. As the cops, black radicals, and Klansmen rushed headlong to their final showdown, with a literal ticking bomb to provide suspense, I didn't feel like I was being preached to or bullied. I felt like I was caught up in the story . . . caught up in the action. And I didn't want the story to end. This isn't a perfect movie, of course. There were some awkward moments, some characters that didn't work out. Young Corey Hawkins effortlessly delivers the goods as a fiery orator, while an aging Harry Belafonte struggles to project emotion as he recounts a lynching from decades ago. It's also interesting that Spike Lee has moved on from challenging the Jewish and Italian racists in his own beloved NYC, in movies like DO THE RIGHT THING, and is now more interested in a can't-miss attack on a culturally acceptable basket of ignorant hillbilly stereotypes. On the one hand, I appreciated the subtlety of naming one of the Klansmen "Ivanhoe." (Sir Walter Scott's white fantasy of European chivalry set the pattern for the all-white escapism of J.R.R. Tolkien and George Martin alike.) On the other hand, setting up the mean Klansman's fat and ugly wife to be the ultimate villain in the film panders to a whole lot of prejudices that have nothing to do with racism. It's no accident that the ridiculously mannered Anthony Lane at the NEW YORKER sneered at the evil Klan wife in his review as a "doofus." To a bejeweled dowager like Anthony Lane, all poor white people are ridiculous and contemptible. Lane is so eager to flaunt his class privilege that he's even willing to pretend to admire Spike Lee. And Spike is happy to flatter his upper-class prejudices in order to get his story told. It's a beautifully symbiotic relationship. But the snobbery and hypocrisy of the liberal elite only intensifies the appeal of Donald Trump . . . or the Ku Klux Klan. Spike Lee can't be expected to solve this problem, but sooner or later the liberal elite will have to confront it. There will always be poor whites who resent minorities, but ninnies like Anthony Lane and magazines like the NEW YORKER aren't part of the solution . . . they're part of the problem.

While not all the jokes landed, and some of the music choice for some scenes seemed out of place, Blackkklansman is an extremely good film. Each of the characters have interesting stories and arcs to keep you interested and the small segments of well crafted action kept me entertained. Blackkklansman has a very relevant message with twists and turns which keep you on the edge of your seat. This is a film that everyone should see. My one problem would be the ending, it felt a bit out of place yet it didn't ruin the film for me

Easily Movie of the year, heavy material- reality is stranger than fiction. Well done.

I thought John David Washington and Adam Driver did a great job but I thought this was a vehicle for Spike Lee to push his agenda. There were obvious jabs at the current president and I didn't appreciate how the United States flag was displayed upside down in the final shot before the credits rolled. Also the police other than Washington and Driver were portrayed more like Super Troopers rather than serious officers.

We dont have here that kind of racist thing going on. To hate on color so i didnt exactly felt the movie as for me is stupid black power white power slogan in the movie. Like children arguing what toy is better. Movie goes so slow , some scenes are boring they could easily cut it and story would not be affected. really boring and i think i watched this movie almost half a day with pause , doing other stuff while movie was playing. did not keep my attention at all. Last scenes from real life i remember them some from youtube... they are the most interesting part of the whole movie. So just skip to last 10% of movie and thats it.

When I first heard of the premise of the movie, I thought something many thought I guess: That's a joke and not really a movie. And I and some others who have seen the Dave Chappelle Show were also thinking about the sketch/skit he did on that show. A black man becoming a member of the Klan? I mean come on, that didn't really happen now did it? It did? Now that should have woken up your interest.If you are a fan of the Klan (and no you are not amongst very fine people no matter what the current Potus says), I'm guessing you feel anger when hearing this. Normally one should feel shame, but I doubt Klan fans will. If you do though it means, you may be on the right track and should reconsider ... you don't want to be associated with them.But back to the movie or rather the real life story. It may be heightened at places, but overall it does feel real. It's also quite funny for a serious matter like this. Which makes the ending even harder to swallow. It's not really a spoiler, though I won't say what I mean and if one is technical the punch to the gut comes from something that is "removed" from the main story, yet very much connected. If that does not touch you ... Spike Lee was very vocal when the movie was released and talks about Agent Orange. Whatever you think of that, this movie is essential

A Solid Movie based on a true story. Some people are saying this movie is race baiting, but I'd assume most people would notice that it's about race based on the title. It does provide a look into the past and a look at current situations that tie-in to the movie. The plot development is a little slow at first but the comedy aspect of it tends to by some time u til the main story picks up. The movie is based on a book written by the real Ron Stallworth.

This is an enjoyable movie but not a "great" movie and if 2018 was not a weak film year, it would not have gotten an Oscar nomination for best picture.
The story is interesting, but for some reason i think the movie did not extract the best out of it.
Adam Driver did a good job, but his role was not that difficult, so i dont get why was he nominated for Oscar, as for the other characters everyone did a decent job, not more.
Some frames were shot perfectly and some others i felt like the director is just showing, and wanted to do something new just to be creative, but actually was unnecessary and a normal shot could have been a better choice.
BlacKkKlansman is a good movie, but if you didn't watch it don't worry, you didn't miss much.6/10

BlacKkKlansman, is great movie, that manages to be thought provoking and funny at the same time. The cinematography is excellent. The only issue I had with this movie was the pacing, but nothing major. Oh, forgot to mention, great ending as well!

Before this movie, I had never heard of the absolutely insane true story about a Black man essentially infiltrating the Ku Klux Klan. If you would have told me that it was a true story, I would have immediately said you were lying. But surely enough, based on the book written by none other than Ron Stallworth, this movie chronicles the insanity and also hilarity at the mere concept of this true story. The movie has extremely well pacing, there is never a dull moment. Spike Lee knows exactly what he wants to accomplish with each scene he presents, and boy does he exceed that accomplishment. Now that's not to say this movie is absolutely flawless, there were a few shots that I just found completely unnecessary and absolutely strange in the way that Lee directed it. Now, especially for me, weird shots in movies are not a bad thing at all, just look at Sorry to Bother You, my second favorite movie of the year, it was filled to the brim with weird shots that did not make any sense. However, in the context of that movie, it seemed to fit more. Because while Sorry to Bother You was definitely more geared towards comedy, this movie is first and foremost a drama/thriller. And therefore some of the bizarre stylistic choices just didn't work for me. However, that is my only complaint for the movie, the rest is absolutely amazing, from the acting to the character development, to the comedy. The one thing that I did not fully expect when walking into this film was purely how funny it was going to be. I expected there to be a few chuckles here and there but there were honestly some sequences that had me laughing out loud. One of the things I appreciate most about this movie is how Lee presents not only the KKK side of the "race war" but also the Black Panther side of things as well. He does not necessarily paint an obvious picture as to who is the bad guy and who is the good guy. There are three total groups that are looked at during the course of this movie, the Police force, the KKK, and the Black Panthers. And every single one of them has things that they were doing wrong. None of them were perfect, and I appreciated that view of things because it seemed more like Lee was just presenting history rather than trying to put his own biases into it. The acting here is all phenomenal, specifically from Topher Grace playing David Duke and Adam Driver as Flip. And of course, John David Washington did an excellent job as the main character. This movie, while somewhat flawed, is excellent and definitely up there in the list for movies of the year.

Spike Lee has achieved the improbable with this movie. It is simultaneously entertaining and powerful, of its time and contemporary, moving and very, very relevant. The references to Trump's corrupt and incompetent regime and how it has permitted white supremacists to crawl back out from under their stinking rocks again in modern day America are not subtle, but pack a punch. The final scenes are particularly hard-hitting.

Not sure about some of the Spike Lee films but thought we'd give this one a try. Glad we did. 
 Very though-provoking (SO MUCH hatred, both black and white, what a shame) in our world. Didn't find it funny at all and could see several "weak spots" in the storyline, but overall I would recommend it.

When I heard about the bizarre story of a black American cop who apparently infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan in Colombo, Ohio, I assumed it would be tongue-in-cheek, and possibly 'true' in the same sense as the Coen bros' 'Fargo'. I was taken with the mad Afro hairdos depicted in the trailer. When I heard it was a Spike Lee film, I thought it had a chance of being very good, and happily I wasn't disappointed. For me, BlackkKlansman is a return to top form for Mr Lee.
While it is a very entertaining film, it packs a real punch to the guts at the same time. It feels like a blast from the past with respect to the openly institutional racist attitudes, but sadly by the end we're all reminded that it never really went away, and the white supremacists are just as misguided and dangerous now as they were in the '70's.
John David Washington (son of Denzel) was a revelation. I was intrigued as to why such a talented actor took so long to emerge into the limelight, then I discovered he had a career in NFL first. A talented man, then, just like his father. He shows every sign of successfully emerging from Denzel's shadow and having a blistering acting career of his own. He really owns the role of Ron Stallforth.
Adam Driver was also excellent as Ron Stallforth's colleague and accomplice in face-to-face meetings with Ku Klux Klan members.
I don't know how true to Ron Stallforth's 'memoirs' BlackkKlansman is, but I imagine there will have been some dramatisation to make it more filmic. Having said that, there were a few bits which seemed just a little contrived. Even these moments didn't take me out of the story, though, so the overall feeling I was left with was one of satisfaction, which juxtaposed sharply with the jaw-dropping finale, as I'm sure Spike Lee intended.
If you're not sure this film is your thing, I wasn't sure it would be mine either (I don't usually go in for social conscience stories), but I can't reccommend it highly enough. This just might be the best film you see all year.

This movie is not for everyone due to the amount of grotesque language, but is highly educational and entertaining. Denzel Washington's son John David has already established himself as an up-and-comer and sounds just like his pa! He has some of that same charismatic charm that we love, and I hope to see him again in other movies. Adam Driver did a good job playing the hard nose cop who has some problems of his own, and he really showed passion. Topher Grace was good as KKK leader David Duke, and his conversations with Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) were some of the best parts of the movie. This movie has a unique blend of comedy and drama, and doesn't have any sex, and barely any violence. I sometimes didn't know when to laugh or not, but some of the things they say are hilarious yet scary because there are actually ignorant people like that in real life! Overall, if you are sensitive, go see it, if you aren't sensitive, DEFINITELY go see it! Support my brothas and sistas who worked so hard to make this project come to life!

My dislikes about this movie have to do with the tootsie pop approach to story telling. I love classic spike lee films. This was a classic spike film. The story and message is the first few licks, but once you get deep the story and transitions start to falter.

I had no expectations of this other than it has been getting mad props from my friends all over America who've already seen it in the past few days since it opened. The gist of the story is a singular black cop on the otherwise all-white Colorado Springs police force who on a wild impulse decides to interact with the KKK. Because he is young and impulsive, he dials the KKK directly and uses his real name. Because a black man would not be able to fit in, he enlists the help of a white cop for in-person interactions, but keeps his phone interactions, especially with David Duke. (Yes, THE David Duke.) One thing leads to another, and the KKK thugs in Colorado Springs are broken apart--but his work is shredded and the police department decide to pretend nothing happened at all. All this is most wonderful, especially the final scene in the first part, which is a final phone call between the black cop and David Duke. The audience broke up shouting and laughing at this, and it was emotionally satisfying.But the movie isn't over.This final scene is followed by intercuts of recent actions in today's America, and the mood of the audience--and myself--changed to one of sober reflection and emotional distress. In summary: nothing much has changed, and even the heroism of many people has done almost nothing to affect the rise of Naziism and fascism and race-hatred in America.With all that said -- The movie is very well constructed, and feels very late-70s. I enjoyed seeing and hearing the lives of people living in that time--costumes and sets and dialog were pretty much spot on. The entire premise was believable even though the story comes about because an eager black cop decides to take on the KKK and then finds he can't get by without the help of his friends. The movie would be one, complete thing had it ended at the phone scene--and yet the movie would not be complete without the codicil that confronts us with our world of today, where the KKK and Nazis and fascists and white nationalists and alt-rightist are sometimes clowning--but are becoming more and more bold and more and more invasive and more and more successful.Charlottesville happened not just because people don't stand against Nazis at all levels, from the farm house to the White House, but because too many people feel "it just can't happen here."Good work, Mr. Lee and others.

To begin with,I will sum up what Blackkklansman is about.The story is about an African-American police officer in Colorado Springs.He wants to infiltrate the KKK to collect information.This is an action movie,a drama with a bit of humor.It's made up of a romance.Ron falls in love with a beautiful student:Patrice.
So now,let's talk about the film!
It was the first time I had seen this movie and let me tell you that I will do so again !It's vert entertaining and thought-provoking movie! The script is exciting and the actor's game is excellent.I loved Ron Stallworth's performance,especially the scene when he talks on the phone with the KKK chief and he is a white man and the KKK chief says :"yeah,I know because There IS a difference when a white man speaks and when a black man speaks".It's very funny.You can't take your eyes away from the film,all scenes are striking and eye-opening.
I do ni agree with others who say Spike Lee is a racist Man,he shows just one side of the USA it's false.It's true je campaigns for the African-American cause but it's not just for Black people,it's algo against xenephobia,anti-semitism and for minorities' rights.He only shows what really happened in the United States.it's also a burning issue these days.There are a lot of people who don't want black people and immigrants on their country.I know it's a disturbing subject but we can't say he is a racist director.He just wants to attract people's attention.
So don't miss it ! Very good job Mr.Spike Lee and all the team!
CONGRATULATIONS Mr Spike Lee !!

Well acted! Since it was true it really added to the strong story line. It had the retro theme throughout, which I really embrace. Nice finish, tied it together well.

What a brilliant film this turned out to be. Regardless of criticism from other directors and the lack of attention this release has seen it's possibly the best film of the year. A compelling, interesting and hilarious story we see deep characters who grow and change along with the story. A great attempt at World Building from Lee gives Colorado Springs the feel of a massive city that's alsobisolated and disconnected from reality in a way. This brilliant cast give high standards of performance and all seem to bounce off each other brilliantly. There's a few pitfalls for everything great about the film, specifically the runtime towards the latter end in particular which does seem to drag on unnecessarily but is still entertaining and a few moments of in narrative social commentary are a bit jarring too but in the whole it's really well rounded. It's worth noting however that although there's issues linked quite closely to the runtime every second feels relevant as the finale is an after sequence of events which tie together the loose ends which have been left from the main plot.Harking back to the point in commentary this has to be one of the most important films of recent years and I can see this being studied worldwide in years to come as it does a superb job of highlighting social double standards, difference and progression and general social issues linked with such extreme views that the film explores. Highly recommend this release it's a fantastic watch.
 ****Spoilers**** This is Spike Lee proving why he became so popular and successful in the first place. A film that brilliantly tackles social and political issues in such a fun and exciting way that's equal parts hilarious, sickening and sombre. The final shots of the film is archive footage of recent events and from the past two decades or so roughly. Frankly it's harrowing and something you've likely not seen before hence why it was the perfect end to this movie. Such awful, grim footage of the aftermaths of terror attacks, the filming of Klan rallies and speeches made by Donald Trump and the films real life villain David Duke really place emphasis on how much has and hasn't changed over the years following the setting of the film and chilling to the point of tear jerking, an outstanding message and fantastic level of craftsmanship on display, hats off

Watched BlacKkKlansman on the big screen today.At home having a think. A big think. The visuals, the historical archives, the meaning of beauty, politics, intent, menace, intellect, ideology, empathy, desire...All the actors were superb as they flipped between credibility & cartoon. Sublime to the ridiculous. Chaos, rhythms, harmony reverberated through the script & music.Still thinking.

A genuinely disturbing exploration of racism in America disguised as buddy cop comedy. Don't let the trailers fool you, this is a fiercely political film that does not shy away from the horror of its central theme. And though I squirmed many more times than I laughed, BlacKkKlansman manages to entertain as much as it unsettles. Spike Lee smartly chose 70's blaxploitation as the framework for the film which enabled him to inject some levity into a subject that could've otherwise been harrowing and indigestible. With that framework, he has crafted a film which is equally playful and disquieting, one which is able to joke about the absurdity of racism in America all while impressing upon the viewer how far from a joke this really is. Some may call the ending cheap and sensationalist, but it undeniably pulls the rug out and forces you to simmer in the harshness of reality. It's a film that goes down easy only to linger in your stomach like a rock.Strong 4/5

What blows me away the most about BlacKkKlansman was its ability to profitably blend such a serious and calamitous subject with an appropriate amount of comedy. Only a long-in-the-business, cinematic master like Spike Lee could pull off such a trick, and he does it without complication. It's also refreshing to see that Spike Lee avoids stereotypes even when depicting some of the more unpleasant and nefarious characters/groups, allowing the film to feel less biased and more grounded in reality with various angles interweaving. BlacKkKlansman contains one of the most hard-hitting, politically dynamic screenplays (right next to Blindspotting) of the year that had me infatuated with revelation. It certainly is one of Spike Lee's best joints in years, maybe even decades. (Verdict: A-)

Perfect timing for release with the craziness with the POTUS and the White House. Has enough "comedy" to make it fun for such a serious topic. Great performances from everyone. A bit confusing at the end but that's how the real story went....interesting how this film holds up over time.

I would be surprised if this movie didn't snag a best movie nomination. The disparate ratings for this movie seem to be par for the course for movies with a strong political bent, in these supercharged times. But this is a well crafted movie with a strong but not well known cast. The adapted screenplay and cinematography are first rate, and some of the scenes are imposing. One in particular, members of the local kkk watching the 1915 Birth of a Nation film was stomach churning. There was a scene where a police sargeant challenged the assertion by the black officer that America would never elect a person like David Duke to the presidency. As current eventshave shown we are capable of that and more. This is a movie that should be talked about.

BlacKkKlansman (2018) is quite an interesting movie. It tells an insane, incredible true story while weaving sociopolitical commentary in seamlessly.The performances are good. Everyone plays their character with professionalism. The standouts are the lead, Ron David Washington, and the fantastic supporting performance of Adam Driver. Everyone else had perfectly fine performances.The writing may seem simple but actually has some secret genius commentary weaved into it along with a deft comedic touch. I won't spoil anything, but it shows how togetherness is better than divisiveness. The writing also draws interesting and painful parallels to the modern day.The direction is flawless. This is some of Spike Lee's most hard-hitting work. 'Nuff said.One element that stood out to me was the score. I saw this film 3 days ago and the score is still stuck in my head. Props to the composer!Updated opinion as of 3/17/19: this is one of the films of 2018 that truly did deserve best picture.BlacKkKlansman (2018) uses history to offer another view of the modern day quite effectively. (9/10)

This movie is entertaining and smart, well acted and shot, at times funny and at times very serious. What makes it all great though is that it finds that perfect balance between funny and serious and manages to walk down it without falling to either side! John David Washington and Adam Driver are great in it, as is Topher Grace and really the cast overall. If it sounds even a little interesting to you, I urge you to check it out.

BlacKkKlansman is a biographical drama film co-written and directed by Spike Lee. Based on the non-fiction book "Black Klansman" by Ron Stallworth, it is a confrontational and highly effective "Joint" by the veteran director.In 1972, Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) is hired as the first African-American detective at a Colorado Springs police department. Initially given menial tasks around the police station, John decides to branch out and requests to work as an undercover agent at a local Ku Klux Klan rally. Fully aware that the KKK would never accept a black man into their organisation, John suggests the idea of using his co-worker, white Jewish police officer Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver), to pretend to be him when meeting with other Klan members in person, while still maintaining verbal contact over the phone.As ingenious as it is aggressive, BlacKkKlansman is easily one of Spike Lee's best films in years and a solid commentary on society's views on racism in America. As to be expected, Lee does not hold back in showcasing the racial epithets and slang used against African Americans. However, he also chooses to juxtapose this with an extreme depiction of black nationalism in certain scenes, and this brings something of a balance to the overall story and makes it seem less biased. The acting between the two leads John David Washington (Denzel Washington's son) and Adam Driver is fantastic and it helps to make what may have been considered a farfetched plot had it not been a true story seem so believable. If one can stomach some of the more extreme scenes of racism and injustice, then this "Joint" is certainly worth the time to watch and discuss afterwards.I rate it 8.5/10

BlacKkKlansman walks a fine line between the hilarious and the horrifying - with some unbearable tension thrown in as the KKK's plot comes to a head. Ron's conversations on the phone with Duke are some of the most memorable and amusing in the movie, with the cop and his pals guffawing at the pomposity and ignorance of the Grand Wizard.The film will tickle you at one moment, and the next hit you with some of the foulest and most hateful language a person could use against black people, Jews and women. It's chilling, literally, like a dunk in a cold bath - and it's also impossible to pretend that you would have to go far to hear this sort of rhetoric used today. Welcome to 4chan, ladies and gentlemen.

I really liked the style, sort of a modpoge of different clips, styles, scene, and times, which creates a movie better than its individual parts.Combine this with a sense of humor that is needed to defuse our sorry state of race relations, we have a movie that bring across a message that is not preachy.

Great movie! Gut wrenching with some humor to balance the message. Very timely. Highly recommend!

This is a very timely film that is so relevant to what is happening in the world. There were many parts that were uncomfortable to watch because it is sometimes difficult to imagine that such racism and hatred can actually exist, but recent events clearly show that it is not limited to the 1970's. I think the film shows how there are some issues on both sides, but ultimately caused by the extreme prejudice prevalent in America. Stop. Watch. Think. Act.

BlacKkKlansman is an expertly made movie in every conceivable way. The acting, directing, writing, cinematography, editing, and music all mesh wonderfully to create one of my favorite movies of the year so far. I have been hearing about BlacKkKlansman all summer long as it came hot off the festival circuit, so my expectations were high, and boy did it live up to them. With the exception of a few on-the-nose lines, Spike Lee wrote and directed a movie that subtly and almost flawlessly drew stark comparisons with America today and the turmoil of the early 1970s. Detective Ron Stalworth is a torn man. Torn between helping to liberate and empower black Americans and uphold the law. How he manages to tow the line is by infiltrating and sabotaging the local KKK chapter. This movie is funny, poignant, and most of all horrifying. Like many movies that depict the race relations of the post-civil rights era, there are scenes and characters in this movie that will make your skin crawl and make you feel sick to your stomach. However, it's not without it's charm. Lee inserts just enough larger than life humor to keep you from becoming completely emotionally spent. The acting is also superb throughout, with every single major and minor character giving it their all. John David Washington was amazing as the lead, but Topher Grace and Adam Driver stole the show for me. I hope all three of these actors are in the conversation come Oscar season. Speaking of awards, I will be truly amazed if BlacKkKlansman doesn't just clean up next year at the Oscars. As I said, I thought every piece of this movie was well executed, but I in particular will be upset if it doesn't get nominations for directing, adapted screenplay, and of course best picture. This movie is not only wildly entertaining but also gravely important. I hope every person in America sees this movie because its message needs to be shared.

BlacKkKlansman is a film with a lot on its mind. It opens with one of the most (in)famous scenes from Gone with the Wind (1939), before pivoting to a fictional precursor of Alex Jones lecturing the audience on the dangers of the "negroid", and later takes in everything from Kwame Ture to David Duke, before lambasting The Birth of a Nation (1915), criticising the tropes of classic Blaxploitation films, going into agonising detail regarding the 1916 lynching of Jesse Washington, sardonically criticising police bureaucracy, and concluding with a montage of the 2017 Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, intercut with Duke championing Donald Trump's presidency, and Trump's own reluctance to condemn the white supremacist component of the rally. The film then ends with an upside-down black and white American flag (a symbol for "dire distress"). Yep; this is a film with a lot to say.Telling the story of Rob Stallworthy (John David Washington), a black police officer in Colorado Springs who infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan in 1979, at its core, BlacKkKlansman is about institutional racism in the United States. Ostensibly dealing with the 1970s manifestation of such, the film's real point is that in 2018, not only is such racism still a problem, it's now even more endemic, due to its pseudo-legitimacy in the wake of Trump's election, and the concomitant upsurge in hate crime across the country.Co-writer/director Spike Lee's combative intent is signalled in the first scene, which is actually a scene from Gone with the Wind; Scarlett O'Hara wandering through the thousands of wounded and dead Confederate soldiers after the Battle of Atlanta, as a crane shot pulls back to show the devastation, finally coming to rest on a tattered Confederate Navy Jack. The implication is clear - this is very much the world of the Lost Cause of the Confederacy, the belief that prior to Reconstruction, the Antebellum South was an urbane and benign society, with the Confederacy heroically fighting the corrupt Union so as to preserve the inherently honourable southern way of life.Lee keeps up the confrontational tack in the film's second scene, which depicts the fictional cultural anthropologist Dr. Kennebrew Beauregard (Alec Baldwin), who, in grainy black-and-white footage tries to alert the audience to the fact that the negorids are attempting to take over the country. What's especially well done here is how Lee uses D.W. Griffith's The Birth of a Nation. As footage plays behind Beauregard, his face is erased of its colour - he is literally rendered white enough to become part of the image, which depicts a narrative built around the inherently virtuous nature of being white. It's a powerful shot that clearly tells us, yes, this is a comedy, and yes, these people are ridiculous, but also alerting us to the fact that Lee is not playing around here.But what is Lee's point? The cultural instability of the United States in 2018, with its entrenched institutional racism, an entire race of people once again being treated like second class citizens because of the amount of melanin in their skin, hateful rhetoric masquerading as national pride, the breakdown of the distinction between xenophobia and patriotism, and the transition of hate crimes from the fringes of society into the realm of social acceptability. The film suggests that organisational racism once existed half-way between the absurd and the dangerous, but in recent years, it has moved in the wrong direction. Even before we get to the chilling closing montage, Lee and his co-writers (Charlie Wachtel, David Rabinowitz, and Kevin Willmott) have dropped a few subtle allusions to Trump's presidency. In one scene, Stallworth confidently asserts that it doesn't matter how much of a legitimate businessman Duke becomes, and no matter how much he hides his racism behind more patriotic rhetoric such as immigration and crime, the country would never elect a crass, hate-filled racist as president. In another scene, David Duke (Topher Grace) explains he and the KKK are "making America great again." These two allusions would be enough to get the point across, but it would also mean that that point remains in the realm of comedy, and is therefore easily dismissed. The closing montage changes that, as it drops all pretence of humour in depicting what happened in Charlottesville, and Trump's asinine response. This is very much a state-of-the-nation address.In relation to Birth of a Nation, of course, things are more complicated than they are in relation to Gone with the Wind. Yes, the film is horrifically racist, and yes, it was singlehandedly responsible for the 20th century revival of the KKK, but it is also probably the most important film ever made, and literally wrote the book on screen grammar. Conceivably, Gone with the Wind could be removed from the canon and no longer taught, but Birth absolutely could not. It is a foundational text, an undeniable landmark film, completely independent of its politics. Birth is based on Thomas Dixon Jr.'s 1905 novel The Clansman: A Historical Romance of the Ku Klux Klan. The second book in his KKK trilogy, the novel valorises the practises and institutions designed to oppress black people, whilst depicting emancipated slaves and Yankee carpetbaggers as the "real" villains behind the Civil War, positing that the plight of the freedmen during Reconstruction was a direct result of their liberation (i.e., they (and the south in general) would have been better off had they remained slaves). In Dixon's depiction of the lawless society of the south, created by the Union, where coloureds can walk around freely, southern whites have become the target of racial violence, with freedmen being particularly fond of raping white women. In the trilogy, the Klan are depicted as arising from this maelstrom, honourable and heroic men forced to reluctantly take the law into their own hands so as to stop the rampage. So influential was the film that the modern KKK practices of wearing white hoods and burning crosses come from it, not from the original 1865-1871 incarnation of the Klan.Lee uses Birth twice - in the Beauregard scene, and in a later scene where his use of it speaks to the formal complexity of his own work. One of the most important of Griffith's innovations was that of parallel editing (better known today as cross-cutting), something we all take for granted in everything from films to commercials to music videos. In a nutshell, parallel editing is when two separate actions from two separate locations are intercut to suggest they are happening simultaneously, often, but not always, to heighten tension. It's one of the most fundamental components of screen grammar, so much so we don't even think about it today - we just take it as given. However, Lee's genius in this scene is that he uses Birth to mock the Klan by way of, you guessed it, parallel editing. As the KKK sit down to watch Birth, Lee intercuts their enjoyment of its absurdities with Jerome Turner (Harry Belafonte) telling the story of the barbaric lynching of Jesse Washington, which saw a crowd of over 10,000 people in Waco, Texas, cheering on as his testicles and fingers were cut off, after which he was slowly burned to death by being continually raised over a fire. Lee uses parallel editing here so as to have one scene comment on the other - he is literally using Birth's own innovations against it and what it represents. Birth may be politically abhorrent, but Lee is savvy enough to not only recognise its technological importance, but to co-opt that importance and use it for his own ends, showing us the stunned reaction to a vicious murder contrasted with a celebration of the conditions which led to that murder.As all of this may suggest, yes, the film is preachy, but that's because Lee is preaching. He makes no apology for such. This is polemic filmmaking, and the move into heavy didacticism in the final montage is completely earned.All of this is not to say the film is perfect, however. For example, how he employs the double dolly shot (which he has used throughout his filmography to suggest characters' inability to control their own actions as they are inexorably pushed forward, divested of the contextualisation of their environment), raises some interesting problems, suggesting, as it does, that orthodox black activism and underground black militancy must combine forces in the face of hate. The film also glosses over Stallworth's time in COINTELPRO, where he worked to sabotage radical black organisations, because this doesn't fit into the overarching theme the film is constructing. Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver), Stallworth's partner, who poses as him during face-to-face meetings with the Klan, being Jewish is also problematic (the real person he was based upon is known only as Chuck, and all we know about him is that he definitely wasn't Jewish). Is Zimmerman supposed to represent Republican voters who abhor the KKK as much as the political left do? Who knows, because beyond being Jewish, there's no further character development; he's more of a rhetorical device, a meme rather than a person with an inner life. Similarly, the fictional explosion towards the end of the story serves to distastefully simplify everything, once more making the KKK look foolish, something which is wholly unnecessary at this point in the film, whilst also positing Stallworth as a clichéd movie hero, something Lee has avoided up until this point.These are relatively minor complaints, however. Look, Lee is far from my favourite filmmaker. I really disliked Malcolm X (1992), for example, probably his most celebrated film, and he has justifiably been accused of racism himself on multiple occasions. None of that, however, changes the fact that this is an hilarious, powerful, insightful, and frightening piece of work.

Greetings again from the darkness. Adam Driver impersonating John David Washington or vice versa ... either way is comical, except that it's also based on a true story where their characters existed and this chain of events actually occurred. The source material is the memoir by Ron Stallworth and it's possible, given today's social climate, that only director Spike Lee could pull off a film that so blatantly uses racism for comedic effect, yet also reminds us of its inherent danger. Mr. Washington (Denzel's son) plays Ron Stallworth, Colorado Springs' first black rookie police officer. His job interview is quite awkward and, of course, features a reference to Jackie Robinson. Quickly growing tired of his records room duty, Stallworth's first field assignment is to infiltrate a local black activist group and report back on a Stokely Carmichael/Kwame Ture (Corey Hawkins) event. This leads to a much bigger and riskier plan of going after the KKK. Yes that's right, no need to re-read the part about him being the first black police officer. This is the incredible story of how an African-American (with the help of his white partner) worked his way into the KKK, even speaking with David Duke on a few occasions, and ultimately prevented an attack on local black activists.The adapted screenplay was a collaborative effort from Charlie Wachtel, David Rabinowitz, Kevin Willmott, and director Spike Lee. The film is simultaneously laugh outloud funny and provocative. The outlandish plan involves Ron Stallworth (and his white voice) being the telephone connection, and partner (and non-practicing Jew) Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) being the "white face" of Ron Stallworth at KKK meetings. There is extreme tension during Zimmerman's undercover scenes, and much of the humor occurs during Stallworth's phone conversations. Topher Grace is extremely effective as David Duke, a thankless role to say the least.Superb support work is widespread in this film that runs 2 hour and 15 minutes. Robert John Burke plays a no-nonsense Chief Bridges; Frederick Weller is racist jackass patrolman Andy Landers; Laura Harrier is Patrice, the Angela Davis lookalike activist and love interest; Jasper Paakkonen plays skeptical and high-strung Klansman Felix; Paul Walter Hauser (I, TONYA) is the comical and unnerving Ivanhoe; and even Harry Belafonte makes a surprise big screen appearance. Other notables include Alec Baldwin (in an opening that sets the stage), Nicholas Turturro, Damaris Lewis, Ryan Eggold, Isiah Whitlock Jr, and Arthur J Nascarella. It's a terrific and deep cast and they walk the fine line between entertainment and enlightenment. There is no shortage of Hollywood family genes and blending thanks to: Washington, Baldwin, Turturro, Buscemi, and Weller (it plays like 2 degrees of separation).A low-budget look to the film gives it an authenticity and 1970's vibe, and cinematographer Chayse Irvin works wonders with the camera in a multitude of situations where our attention should be on the dialogue of the characters rather than the colorfulness of set pieces. Black Ron running the show from a telephone (and a white voice) and White Ron face-first in the muck both have their burdens to bear, and much of the time, Zimmerman's is the more interesting of the two - although as a whole, it's an astonishing story.Perhaps Spike Lee set out to make the polar opposite of D.W. Griffith's 1915 most controversial film THE BIRTH OF A NATION, and he has certainly crafted one of the most effective films of his oeuvre. He also nails a few jabs at Trump and the current political climate, while the music from Terrence Blanchard perfectly complements the tone. Mr. Lee interjects some historic moments as well as some fictional ones - none more powerful than the back and forth chants of "White Power" "Black Power". At the conclusion, Lee serves up footage of Charlottesville, reminding us that the racism that caused us chuckles over the past couple of hours, remains prevalent today ... only that's not the least bit funny.

One of the most moving yet hilarious films I've seen this year. Spike Lee knocks it out of the park with his best work since Malcolm X.John David Washington is so great in his role. He's got a real commanding presence and I can't wait to see him in future projects. Other actors worthy of a shoutout are Adam Driver (who gives the best performance I've seen from him since Silence, although he really is great in everything I see him in), Topher Grace is haunting yet captivating as David Duke, and lastly a tiny shoutout to Ryan Eggold who is hilarious and slightly likeable (despite being a Klansman). Besides the acting, I also thought the script was great. It was hilarious and intense, just like Get Out. The cinematography is great as well. Lastly, I know a couple people didn't like the ending. Unashamedly, I thought it was great, obviously not in a good way. It took you out of the movie, but that's what it was supposed to do. It was a presentation of sorts, like "We showed you this, now look at this and think about how we feel." It was something that stood out and I support it.I have some issues however, none that made me dislike it in any way. I don't think some choices necessarily fit as much as they thought it did. I know it was Spike Lee's vision, but I just don't think it fit. For example, when Ron and Patrice are walking/talking about blaxploitation films, the posters of such films pop up on the screen. It took me out immediately. It just felt like Lee was saying in all caps "THIS IS YOUR HOMEWORK!" I just don't think the posters popping up was needed. Another example is during Kwame Ture's speech, where the camera shows distinct faces flying across the screen. I know Lee probably had a meaning to it, I just didn't really think it fit. Aside from that, I wasn't really a fan of the editing. It was kinda strange. It would cut to different shots every word a character spoke some times which just looked odd. It was distracting, but it didn't make me hate the movie or anything. Lastly, I think it went a bit too far on some things that took unnecessary time out of the movie. The primary example is a 4-minute scene where Lee is calling out Trump. I'm all for it, but I felt it should have focused on the story at hand rather than waste time on something he touches on at the end.Despite that, I still think BlacKkKlansman is one of the best films of the year and I think it's message is strong. I liked that it showed both sides of the cop/racism incident. I don't think it's better than Get Out, but the importance is just as big. I had chills at the end like everyone else in the theatre and I truly believe BlacKkKlansman will hold up in the time to come.8.7/10

Spike Lee did a great job! In the current political context, it's a must-see movie. After all, the subject covered is both outdated and frighteningly current.

Loved it!
A light hearted look with serious undertones with the problem of racism in the US. Based on a true story, all points raised with this movie set early 70s are all relevant today as demonstrated during the epilogue.

There's good reasons this bombed at the box office - it's far too political and full of race baiting innuendos. Save your money. Too much fiction was added to the real story to try and boost the racial-appeal, which is a primary reason racism exists. Spike Lee wasted a good story for getting his blah-blah-blah political message out.

This movie could be classed a comedy. Albeit a largely unfunny one. It could also be accused of being a drama. Albeit a largely bad one. Not quite sure what other people were watching, but this is just more in a long line of Leftwing, PC dross in my opinion.(Whatever this film was meant to be).Rest assured, every white person is a fool, every black person is assertive and smart.
Usual crapp.There's also that 'two people in frame rolling forwards', Spike Lee puts in every movie. Pretentious and repetitive. Not in the least bit creative and nothing new to see.(Typical Lee joint. 'Stealing a living' comes to mind).There's nothing redeeming about this movie for me, which makes me wonder if other people vote it up, because it's somehow politically expedient to do so. Why else?In reality, it's just another overrated Spike Lee film, based in afrocentric fantasyland.And here's the Highlight of THIS REEFA!! (SPOILER!!!!!)..... You'll be put through a long and tedious folkstory of an innocent black man being murdered by nasty white racists. Bring tissue y'all. It's a story etched in black folks minds and they pass it around like a doobie at every funeral. Legit. They bake and pay an old fart to go around reminding them of how bad a lynching was. It's some serious heart wrenching shhheeeiiiit!!!!! Legit!!I guess I should feel 'white privilege'!? (Rolls eyes).Spike Lee forgets to film the stories of present day, however. Where white people are victims of black crime.. daily. Their fates barbaric, brutal and sadistic, but don't forget the black dude who got hanged decades ago y'all!!... Feel dat shame!!!...I don't know why I bother with movies anymore. It's all politically tainted nonsense. I marked this film 2 stars, because at least the lead actor did a sterling job of impersonating Denzel Washington's voice throughout. Similarities were uncanny.That's worth something, no?Largely because Spike Lee had nothing to do with it.

Such a powerful and evocative movie. i did not feel my attention waning for even a moment. john david washington and adam driver both delivered exceptional performances, as each of their respective characters came to face challenges and adversity. such passion and force in the people of this movie, which carries such an important and meaningful message within it. lovely!

Every American should see this movie. I am still processing this masterpiece.

BlacKkKlansman is a movie directed by Spike Lee. It is actually based on a surprising true story : a black police officer managed to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan, a white supremacist organisation. It happened in the late 1970s. The film combines comedy, drama and romance, and in a great way.
The plot is very well constructed and that's why it's so gripping. I couldn't find any mistakes in the plot and the characters are all interesting. I don't want to reveal too much because you must see the movie, but I can say some characters are really moving and striking by their personality traits. It is obvious the cast is excellent : most of the actor's game is true to life and convincing.
What I like most in this movie is the relation made between the past and now. The last scene is powerful and upsetting. It is disturbing to take reality like a punch in the face but it made me, and I think all viewers, more conscious about discrimination and racism. It is a must-see because it is about the world we are linving in now.
What's more, I absolutely loved the confrontation between the Black Panthers, which is an organisation of black peolple thinking only violence can solve problems, and the Ku Klux Klan in some scenes. The setting are perfect.
In conclusion, don't miss it and write your own review!

I struggle with 'based on a true story' movies generally. The plot embellishments and/or complete inventions tend to discredit them for me to a lesser or greater degree.
This movie plods along, OK performances, pedestrian story-telling, badly paced.
I think the assumption was probably that the bizarre nature of the central plot would be enough to carry the film and wow us, the audience. It goes without saying that the message is vitally important. But the film doesn't do the subject matter justice, and just doesn't work very well. Not wowed at all.

I can't believe this was nominated for an Oscar. And for directing too! Maybe it's a style and I am not understanding it, but many scenes just seemed clunky to me. Acting is kind of meh. And the dialogue is full of cliches or worse - slogans, especially on the clansmen side. It's really unfortunate because it could have been a great story. There really was a young, ambitious (if overconfident) African American cop who on a lark, out of boredom responded to a classified ad from the KKK which lead to an undercover investigation with his white colleague being his face for the Clan. But they made everything too black and white, no pun intended. White people are either extremely racist or anti-racist. I found it simplistic and felt like it glossed over important nuances and sugarcoated things. The racists are total caricatures. I hate to say it, but the rest of the characters are not well developed either.

This is a bad movie based on an incredible story. The topic of the movie is important to talk about and is relevant to today, but that still does not change the fact that it was a bad movie. With slow pace, forgettable villains and just a bunch of nonsense that makes it imposible to believe that this is how the true story happen.1. What was the whole point of showing the black panthers speeches and rallies?.
The movie was about two guy infiltrating the kkk. The whole part of the black panthers felt like irrelevant and prolong the story of the movie. Yeah sure at the end there was a cool scene where black panthers are yelling black power and the kkk white power, but there was no payoff to this. The whole thing just disappears at the end making it irrelevant.2. The way the plot starts seems like a joke.
Ron Stallworth just calls the kkk on the phone and gets an interview. Once that flip has infiltrated, they find no information that points that the kkk are up to something other than just mentions of hitting African American people. Ron Stallworth has the authority to continue the investigation on just a hunch even though at the beginning of the movie at the black panther rally he literally hears that the race war is about to start soon and he dismisses it as just talk.3. Numerous things not adding up.
Why where there two Ron Stallworth? maybe in the real story there was a motive, but I saw none in the movie. Why was Ron Stallworth, the first african american cop of colorado springs, asked to be the personal guard of the kkk? the chief explained that he had no one else to ask but come on!! Do you seriously believe something like that could happen? Ron Stallworth was busy but the chief took him out of the assignment to do this instead. He could have asked another busy cop instead of jeopardizing the entire investigation. Once Felix finds out that Ron Stallworth is a cop, why does he continue with the plot and more importantly why does he hand the bomb at the conference for the real Ron Stallworth to see? Felix's wife was supposed to have the detonator? that was why a previous scene showed a guy explaining her how to use it and why Felix didn't need to leave the conference until she called him. This makes the ending stupid since Felix blows himself up with the detonator.A lot of other things didn't make sense but I got tired of listing them, it was a terrible movie wrapped around an important topic that forces you into accepting the movie, but in the end. Bad movie.

Spike Lee's "BlackkKlansman" is by far one of the most entertaining movies in the last decade. Lee adds a witty style and composes this outrageous true story into something truly special and engaging. This layered film has a wide range of storytelling techniques that generate a fresh and gripping true story and refuses to let go. John David Washington gives a breakthrough performance as the first black police officer in Colorado Springs who infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan as an undercover detective yet it's Adam Driver who steals the show as the Jewish detective who comes face-to-face with these truly frightening individuals. Topher Grace does his best work yet as David Duke, being surprisingly funny yet still horribly racist. Spike Lee could have made this a one-dimensional drama or yet another buddy cop bromance, yet he turns "BlackKlansman" into a viciously fun and stylish ride that will be talk about for years to come.

"BlacKkKlansman" is proof that Spike Lee is basically the best filmmaker making topical movies today, in this extraordinarily divided political climate.It will probably not convert anyone who isn't already on the side of the filmmakers, but it is never less than interesting.It tells the true story of two police officers, one black, one Jewish, who infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. David Duke, the still extant former klan leader, is portrayed in the film by a restrained and creepy Topher Grace.The film has a couple of genuinely heartening moments that put a smile on my face, and a stirring montage of actual film clips of recent years to conclude the film, and frame the true story in today's world.Spike Lee does not just make topical, controversial films, a la Oliver Stone. He is an auteur with a lively and unique style of his own. His films are, as near as I can tell always of interest. He has what Pauline Kael called "film sense", knowing what works and what doesn't.Even among his superlative record, "BlacKkKlansman" is highly recommended.

Really strong movie ! really strong stories ! i can't say to much cause i dont really know the real stories that become background of this movie. but from the way this movie tell the message was crystal clear.i wanna put 7 star at first because the detail that they miss. yeah, i noticed the glasses at church scene, how that things come to ron hand after that photo scene? and when he peek from that little window, how can david duke not seeing him.but then again all the ending scene make me put those 8 star back. great movie !!

The start in Colorado Springs with the first black cop in the city name Ron Stallworth. He wants to integrate the KKK with the help of Flip, another jews cop. And the film is about there adventure in the KKK. I recommend this because it's a true story but Spike Lee turn this in a serious comedy

It would take a lot more than a few paragraphs to explain why I feel the movie is a lot more than a movie. For the sake of keeping things short and relative I'll just say the movie is wonderful and should be seen by everybody.It kept a balanced view towards its message, was shot beautifully, the music, tone and pace all blended well with a strong / clear and open message which left me feeling and thinking a lot more long after the credits rolled. Every scene was captivating and hilarious when needed to be.If you get the chance, do yourself a favour and watch it.Thank you Spike Lee.

Spike Lee remains one of the most interesting American directors working at this moment, regardless of the varying quality of his work as of late, it's immediately apparent with any of his projects that even in his early 60s he remains just as eager to experiment and indulge as he was when he got out of film school. Even his outright bad films contain so much cinematic flair and so many flat out ballsy choices, that they are worth watching. BlacKkKlansman, his best film of late, bounces with so much energy that it's easy to forget how much of the runtime is given to discussion, how much is dedicated for varying parties to reveal their view points and logic. Its a film which bounces effortlessly between black comedy and police procedural, which is filled equally with gut busting wit and sweat inducing suspense, and most importantly which never skimps on entertainment. But Lee is always aware that his film is first and foremost a vehicle to deliver social commentary, and he ends the film on a left field gut punch the likes of which haven't been seen since Do the Right Thing. After 2 hours of laughter and a good time, the final frames of this film left me speechless in a way that few films have, and crystallize the films message in the boldest terms imaginable. Many people will hate this film because of its politics, because it states things that are frankly uncomfortable to think about, but the message is supported by top knotch craftsmanship, the filmmaking on display is inspired to say the least, and it feels like Lee is again filled with the same infectious energy which made him a legend 30 years ago.

Spike Lee's strongest picture in a while. Impeccable casting.

I felt two things were clear with this movie - to me.1. It should have been even more brutal and honest with how far the KKK goes and has throughout their history. In the movie I got the feeling like 99% of what the people in the "Organisation" are saying is "just talk", when they have a history of taking action in horrific ways. (Not saying that it completely lacks on that part or that their words are harmless.) They did far more than cross burning.2. It is a must see released right on time. It is a subject that needs to be deeply dug into, over and over again, until all the dirt of the past and present is showed in the light for what it truly is.

Perfect blend of humor and drama to tell this incredibly important story. Racism is so stupid. The last 5 minutes is a nice reminder of where we're at as a nation unfortunately.

In the '70's race relations were détente at best, nowhere better exemplified than by the Colorado Springs Police Department, where black Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) was a detective. Not just any detective, for the true story of his infiltrating the Ku Klux Klan is smartly re-created by acclaimed director Spike Lee in BlacKkKlansman.Lee opens with a claim that sets his wide-ranging tone: "Based on Some Fo' Real, Fo' Real." His subsequent illustration with D.W. Griffith's The Birth of a Nation and Gone with the Wind, however, shows that the deeply serious subject of BlacKkKlansman is racial terrorism.The biography and satire are best at showing the racism still prevalent at that time, especially the Klan's fervid hatred of Jews and blacks. The infiltration of the Klan is uniquely pulled off by splitting up Stallworth into his white phone voice and in person using the white Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) to substitute for Stallworth. When Lee uses Alec Baldwin to play a pro-segregation narrator who keeps fumbling and forgetting his lines, Lee is at his best with trenchant satire going down easily with a bit of humor. In some ways, this film approaches the brilliance of Lee's Do the Right thing.Lee, who inherited this project from Jordan Peele, keeps the action moving, as if it were a top cop show in the '70's with low-key humor and slow revelations accompanied by crisp performances and an air of professionalism. Most notably toward the end are Lee's obvious references to current authoritarian, racist administrators at the highest levels of society.The claim by one character that the level of bigotry and racism would never happen again received chuckles from our audience. Yet, more seriously from Mr. Lee himself:
"We are living in pure undiluted sanity. Families are being stripped apart, kids put in cages, that's going back to our ancestors being broken up and sold. That's the world we live in."

Its tough film but its worth it if you stick with it all the way through.

The last minutes of this movie left everybody speechless, including myself. Fabulous script and really good actors.

If it wasn't based on a true story, you probably wouldn't believe that a black man was able to become a member of the KKK. This is an incredible story, that is entertaining and has as many humorous moments as it does powerful moments. The chemistry is great between both Washington and Driver, their characters brought together for being the focus of the hate group. There is a strong reminder that we are far from when this story actually took place which is unfortunate. I also like that this wasn't a one sided story. It shows that both sides hate the police, assuming they're all the same as well while Ron is stuck in the grey area in the middle. A reminder not to judge someone by the color of their skin or the uniform they wear. Overall, I'm impressed at how entertaining this film turned out to be and I'll definitely watch it again.

I wanted to enjoy this film the plot in theory sounded great. I finished this film purely because I was an hour in to it... save yourself the pain !!

A Great movie depicting real life situations <3
ONE OF MY FAVORITES THIS YEAR.

BlacKkKlansman is Spike Lee spouting more of that fo' real, fo' real sh- and I dig.I dig real hard.A few slices from perfection, but still all in on all the things that still matter. It's pretty well worn the comments on how the film is perfectly timed and a wonderful snap back at the real state of the union, but in its real construction...That's what I'm talking about.For all the Trump parallels, the commentary on racism on all levels, the evolving but still problematic nature of police investigation, to all the other themes that stick and resonate so hard, especially in those last five minutes...Spike Lee reminds you once again why he teaches on the subject of film. He constructs a damn fine one.There's a sequence near the beginning that alone shows the power of powerful dialogue, strong direction, purposeful cinematography, and masterful editing. Then you get that throughout the rest of the film. BlacKkKlansman speaks through the medium of cinema in how calculated and important each cut is, and it speaks through Cinema itself. Hell, it opens with film footage that already throws in a reversal and then uses film further in many scenes following to play off the heroics of "white" cinema and "black" Cinema. Juxtaposition is alive and well in BlacKkKlansman and sometimes the simplest technique is the most powerful.We see how two worlds are so different through their similarities, and context truly plants where the line in the sand is. Lee has created another film to shine a light on how f-ed things are and some people are, and that times haven't really changed and that all lives matter. There are still some misjudged violent wrong people in the world and they haven't stopped yet. But Spike Lee has made another flick that can be put in cinemas and show us - because that's where we go to see our heroes - that there's good people fighting the good fight, and infiltrate hate.Because this film points out pretty easily...that hate is stupid.

The film takes place in the early 70's in Colorado Springs, accepting minority applications on the police force. Ron Stallworth (John David Washington ) applies for the position and becomes the first black man on the force. He eventually works undercover, first spying on black groups, then the KKK. He uses his "white voice" to talk to the Klan on the phone, eventually meeting with David Duke (Topher Grace) himself.It was based on a true story with most likely fake dialogue for drama. It was interesting to see how Ron was convinced that working on the inside was the best way to effect change. What better way to kill the beast than from inside of its belly.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.

Spike Lee's greatest film in my opinion. I don't know if the bad reviews are due to the heavy political message in the movie or not and, although I'm in favor of it and find it crucial theese days, I don't think it affects the quality of it. By itself it is a very well paced, humorous and thrilling movie.
I found the direction and photography incredible, Most of the time I was impressed by how well Lee has mastered his craft and found a group of professionals to work with that elevate his art.

Film awesome, explained to us the history and how people deal with the other category and vice, I liked the film because to talk about the events of real and historical has become before and now people do not have this idea that causes the problem ofdifferentiation between Color, there really is no difference between a black person and a white because it is not the desire of the person is determined skin color

Based on true events this is an absolute gem of a movie.Starring Adam Driver and John David Washington in the lead roles both acted brilliantly.
Thoroughly enjoyed the flick,highly recommend it!

Spike Lee's Blackkklansman is such a great and relevant satire that it almost felt like reality, thanks to some wonderful performances, flowy music, and the willingness to be bold. TN.

BlacKkKlansman (4 out of 5 stars).BlacKKKlansman is a biographical drama film that is a crazy true story about a first African American detective in Colorado police department. Were he goes undercover to a KKK clan after having conversations with them over the phone. He enlists one of the detectives to go undercover for them to help expose their future attacks.The plot tries to be fun and have a powerful story over real events on what happened. John David Washington playing Ron Stallworth, the first African American detective. Who was bored working in the records room in the department and his chief transferred him to being a detective. He sees an ad for a KKK clan on the newspaper and decides to call them wanting to be recruited. He sends another detective Flip (Adam Driver) to pretend to be Ron Stallworth when he is going undercover for the clan. It was fun seeing Adam Driver and John David Washington performance together as they practice to be the other person. And Driver being conflicted on joining the clan cause of his dislike how they treat people and he is apparently Jewish which he knows nothing about except for his family.The performances were great with the two leads. Laura Harrier was great playing Patrice who falls for Ron. Topher Grace playing the arrogant David Duke who is a KKK leader.Spike Lee did give a powerful direction. He tries to have some fun with the material while taking it very serious with delivering the true events. The films setting was in the 1970s and his direction tries to be that 1970s film. Sadly, I think the music score felt a little out of place at times. During dramatic car chase with the leads trying to stop a bomb the music during the movie felt indifferent. The music score could have been better. Even, the ending sequence with Ron and Patrice walking in the hallway with the hazing direction and music playing was similar to Spike Lee's previous films Inside Man. Could have been creative with the music choices.Overall, Blackkklansman is a good film. The acting was great. The story was powerful. Even the movie referring back to 2017's August events in Charleston was mentioned.

He wasnt a jew, there was no lie detector, no one committed any crimes, no one was ever arrested . But it's an election year right?
Come on Spike, you can do better

Spike Lee has always been one of the most outspoken directors for African American rights. His no holds barred mentality put him on the map in 1989 with "Do the Right Thing" and again in 1992 for his epic biopic "Malcolm X". However, the last decade has been rough for Lee as his films have been of lower quality and struggled to click with the mainstream crowd. Fortunately for Lee and moviegoers, his new film, "BlacKkKlansman", is a return to form as he delivers a thrilling crowd-pleaser that also isn't afraid to attack race in American society.Taking place in 1979 Colorado Springs, the film follows the real-life story of Ron Stallworth, who has just become the first black cop in town. His hiring is met with hostility among the white officers, mostly ones that like to create trouble for the fun of it. As a hot-headed rookie looking to make his mark and bring a little change, Ron decides to go after the local Ku Klux Klan chapter. Luckily for him, the Klan runs full ads in the paper to draw in recruits. Ron picks up the phone and disguises his voice to sound like a white man in order to get information. His disguise works and he sets up a meeting with a recruiter. Obviously, Ron himself won't be able to go, so he sends white officer Flip Zimmerman to play as his white self. From this point on, the story follows Ron and Flip running a tag team operation as they try to bring down one of the most hateful groups in America.Over the past decade, we've gotten so used to Lee being overly loud and thunderous that it now feels a bit weird to see him show a decent amount of restraint when it comes to the volume of the message. He also paces the film really well for its 135-minute runtime. Action, comedy, and drama are interspersed, allowing the film to flow with great energy and rhythm. Although Spike shows some restraint, he doesn't fully commit. At times he falls back into his old over the top habits. One moment of this is at the beginning when we are shown a fictional Klan propaganda film that serves no real purpose other than to make you hear endless racial expletives.For a script that has four credited writers, one of which is Lee, the writing never feels fragmented. Right off the bat, the biggest compliment to the script is that it never is too preachy with its message. We do hear a lot about racism in America, but it never feels overdone. One thing that the writers struggle to do is blend together two different plots. We have the main investigation plot with Ron and Flip, but we're also given a smaller romantic subplot between Ron and Patrice, an activist leader for black rights. Even though their romance does serve a purpose of highlighting racial tension in America, at times it feels shoehorned in and out of place.Another minor thing that comes up periodically throughout is the writing for the Klan characters. Each one of them is onenote and are treated as cartoonishly evil. It makes them entertaining to watch, but it also makes it hard to take them seriously when real life or death stakes are presented.The best part of the film is its characters and the actors that inhabit them. John David Washington, son of frequent Spike Lee collaborator Denzel Washington, gives one of the best leading performances of the year (so far). Just like his father, John carries a sort of charisma that makes his character feel authentic. He realizes his role is quite serious, but he also takes plenty of time to have fun with his character. It makes him very entertaining to watch, especially when he's playing "White Ron" over the phone. Adam Driver does exceptional supporting work as Flip. Just like Washington, Driver takes things seriously but also partakes in the fun every once in a while. He also gives his character a lot of depth, who is a lapsed Jew that is now starting to wrestle with his religious identity. Lastly, Topher Grace of "That '70s Show" fame is great as infamous real-life Klan leader David Duke. Grace brings a weasel like attitude to his demented character and shares great chemistry with Washington as they engage with each other over the phone from time to time.Just like last year's breakout hit "Get Out", "BlacKkKlansman" is one of the rare occurrences where a film is both entertaining and able to send a powerful message about racism in America. Whether it be Spike Lee's powerful directing or the captivating performances, there's a lot to like in one of the year's best films so far.

Did not personally know Panthers but was a sympathizer impressed by the lunch program for kids. Not impressed by weapons. They provoked fear at that time. Good movie.

This was my first Spike Lee film ever and I am nothing short of astonished by his work here. The true yet uniquely told story about a black man infiltrating the KKK. John David Washington and Adam Driver deliver stellar and riveting performances to each of their characters, the chemistry between these two is truly a spectacle to watch. The plot mixes between comedy and drama but do not believe that the dark themes are overshadowed by the well written screenplay, there are definitely some very serious moments, especially during the end of the film where they show actual events happening today reminding us that humanity hasn't changed in the slightest. The cinematography done in the film was greatly executed, you can tell each scene was carefully shot and tells you that this was obviously not a cash-grab because of it's theme and heavy subject although it is presented in a lighthearted manner, you can see that this was a passion project with Spike Lee wanting to deliver a reminder of how today's world isn't so different to how it was back then. My only gropes with this film is that it tends to drag scenes longer than it should making it a little bit long and at times kind of boring, and it also has a theme that was pretty nice the first few times it played until you realize it keeps playing throughout the entire thing, it got really annoying. Overall, great directing, performances, camerawork and fresh storytelling.

Very good acting and script. Will probably rub many the wrong way but it's raw and real. As usual it's a powerful delivery from Spike Lee. Should only watch if you can keep an open mind. Entertaining with a message; just like Do The Right Thing, smile...

Easily Spike Lee's best joint since "25th Hour", this is the true story of how a black police officer in Colorado in the 1970s stood up to the Ku Klux Klan's presence through an undercover operation. In this film, Spike Lee has gone back to his old school rage that permeates the social fabric of America in the present day. It's a thoroughly relevant drama and an affirmation of American identity, one that burns with righteous anger but also has moments of incendiary humor aimed at the racism being depicted.Performances here are first rate. John David Washington is the title protagonist, a bold black police officer in an overwhelmingly white community who dares to use his investigative ability to counter white supremacists in his own backyard, an idea he embraces after being sent on an undercover assignment to keep an eye on the black panther movement where he finds much agreement and closeness with those he encounters. Topher Grace shakes off his polished preppy boy image for the menacing role of David Duke, the grand wizard of the KKK. Adam Driver is solid as the undercover Jewish police officer who enters the KKK as the white front for the undercover operation. Although the film concludes less dramatically than I was expecting, it still packs a wallop in terms of bringing very relevant issues of white supremacy to the forefront.This is also a cautionary tale about how resilient white supremacy has been over the course of the nation's history right up to the present day. It's a warning that the same scourge that plagued American society in the era when this film took place is still festering in full force today. A challenging message like that is worth conveying, which this film does eloquently. Strongly recommended.

Got to say as soon as the trailer for this film dropped a few months ago, I was completely hooked on the film and couldn't wait to see what was in store. Overall I thought the film was very good, but maybe not as good as I thought it could have been. For the most part this film was very interesting to watch crossing multiple genres whilst carry the heavy subject matter and handling it really well. Spike Lee has managed to direct a film that has such a fantastic balance to it in terms of tone. The subject matter and language used throughout the film is dark and extremely strong however this is balanced perfectly with some brilliant humour that contrasts so well. The film really needs it otherwise this film could get to depressing. Beautifully shot from start to finish I'd have to say one of his better films, all round really good and actually surprisingly entertaining for such a dark story. John David Washington and Adam Driver are just brilliant as Ron Stallworth and Flip Zimmerman. Their chemistry on screen is fantastic throughout, although it does start out in a very different place to where it ends, there is a real arc between to two men in the film. Involved in some really uncomfortably funny scenes either with each other or when the klan are involved. Both are scene stealers in the very different situations they are in as Ron Stallworth. Cant wait to see what film they do next. The other standout for me was Jasper Pääkkönen who played Felix. The part I like most about his portrayal is the fact that they didn't try to back him a cartoon character in that way. Spike Lee in a weird way, in my opinion, has tried to humanise the character of Felix ,(if that can be done for a member of the klan), instead of just going down the road of the cartoon like the character of Ivanhoe which is very cartoonish. All the performances across the board are great these just standout.The film has faced some criticism for how it has portrayed some of the events in the film and that they are dramatised. For example the real Ron Stallworth, to my knowledge and research, didn't phone the klan he instead wrote them a letter. If its minor details like this that are being slightly changed then all the better for it. What would you rather watch the version we got with the phone call or him writing a letter, I think I prefer the version we got. If it bugs people out some much then just google Ron Stallworth and find out for yourself also show me a film "based on a true story" that doesn't dramatise certain events.Overall I think the film is very good 80% out of 100 or 8 out 10 maybe not as good as I thought it was going to be, but that my own stupid expectations getting in the way. I know that internationally this film will probably go down well however in America erm....... I don't know. In this extremely bizarre, weird and divisive time for that country I dunno.....maybe its the right time, if not now then when. The ending with the clips of Charlottesville is extremely poignant and emotion, its a chilling reminder in how little America and the whole world has come and the direction its going in.

I can not express my love for this film, it is absolutely incredible, a chilling look at to what the klan was like at the time. An amazing tone, a catchy score and perfect acting from everyone but just like he does it in the Star Wars, Adam Driver especially. Sensational stuff

With Spike Lee's recent filmography making a disappointing and mediocre impression towards critics and audiences, BlacKkKansman is considered a glorious return to form for Spike Lee and without a doubt, one of the best films of the year and also a superior film that surpasses Spike Lee's other acclaimed films such as Do the Right Thing and Malcolm X. BlacKkKansman truly delivers an outrageous yet interesting true story that blends very well with funny one-liners and quips as well elements of comedy, in which that type of technique was previously used in The Wolf of Wall Street. Furthermore, it also adds a realistic yet accurate timely themes that tackles on the issue of racism, white supremacy, current events and divisive politics under Trump era that define the American perspective.Apart from Spike Lee's masterful direction, this film is also defined by a shocking, compelling and riveting performances from John David Washington, Adam Driver and Topher Grace. Clearly, BlacKkKansman is a worthy film that allows an educational insight of showing America's current political moment as well the viewpoint of racial prejudices while at the time, making the film as funny and not as boring.

Watched an interesting interview with Spike Lee the director of this movie and it increased my interest to see BlacKKKlansman 100%
Spike Lee's hope is that young Americans will vote on mass in the mid term elections to send a massage to "Agent Orange" his reference to Donald Trump and the Republicans when they see this movie.
This disturbing and at times frightening movie is an adaptation of true events in Colorado in the late 1970's when Ron Stallworth an African American infiltrated the ranks of the Klu Klux Klan.
It's hard to watch at times not because of the violence or events but because of the realisation that these racist humans and the hateful offensive language they spew out are alive and well and living in America and worse, in pockets of Australia today.
This was emphasised by actual footage used in the movie of The White Nationalists riots in Charlottesville 2017 , when 3 people were killed and Trump defended them by saying " Some Very Fine People on Both Sides.
This movie is important, well acted and directed and does what good movies are supposed to do entertain but also educate and inform.
John David Washington, son of Denzel is impressive as Ron Stallworth as is Adam Driver as Flip Zimmerman the white decoy cop who is the means for Stallworth to trick the Klan Master.
I especially liked Ashlie Atkinson in the difficult role of the ignorant stupid wife married to a hateful monster
and following his every edict to inflict terror on the innocent in the name of so called "Christian Ayrian Supremacy."
Harry Belafonte the famous Calypso singer , actor and Civil Rights champion now 91 gives an incredibly moving performance as Jerome Turner retelling the atrocious murder by whites of a young black man in the early 20th Century to an assembly of black students.
It wasn't just the hate and racial slurs of coloured people that disturbed me ,all minority groups including Jews , faggots and anyone that differed in appearance, religious belief or ideology was included in this story that is as relevant today, especially today as it was in the 1970's
IMDB.COM
BlacKkKlansman (2018)
Directed by Spike Lee. With John David Washington, Adam Driver, Laura Harrier, Topher Grace. Ron Stallworth, an African-American police officer from Colorado, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan with the help of a white surrogate, who eventually becomes head of the local branch...
Save
5 Comments1 Share
9Sally Speed, Katherine Allport and 7 others
Like
Show more reactions

Such a fantastically made film with the right amount of comedy whilst never taking away from the truly horrific stuff that went on in the movie/ real life and STILL goes on around the world today.

You watch too many movies and have act plots memorized, know every cinematography bullet they teach in college, and got an idea for how audio should be mixed? Yeah, well, this movie breaks all of that and it is such a breath of fresh air. The cinematography is dramatic, but not distracting, it's artsy without alienating the not-artsy crowd (I usually hate artsy movies), the audio mixing is level except when it it counts the most. Without spoiling, there are times a telephone rings way louder than the rest of the movie, and there's a spot where the audio becomes gradually louder and more chatoic, but you don't notice until it suddenly drops absolutely dead quiet. This movie does such an amazing job setting mood that the theater was absolutely stunned at the end. It's damn easy to follow if you're the average movie goer, but breaks a lot of conventions that'd get a sigh from a critic. I take pride in that I know how much runtime is left in a movie based on what textbook bullet point on a three or two act structure the movie is on, but because this movie didn't restrain itself to a textbook, it flows so nicely, I had no idea when the movie was gonna end, and yet I was still stunned when it did.

Truly enjoyed this movie, the actors and director took me through s range of emotions. I ordered Ron Stallworth's book as the credits rolled. Glad to see Spike Lee and David Washington shine!

With the confusion that this country is in, this will put it in focus. This puts it all in perspective for people who wanted to learn the truth about the KKK. It's not pretty but it's the truth especially the last few minutes of the film.

I'm sitting in the movie theater, in the dark, while the ending credits play. There are people walking out and I can hear some talk about the movie, while others shuffle out... Their feet making more noise than their breathing. One person says that this movie was some stupid s***t, and I caught myself checking to see what they looked like, and about slapped myself for even going there.
Blackkklansman. Please consider watching it.
It's not just a funny movie. It is a challenge on moral, with an unspeakable meaning.

The movie is based upon a true dark story. It was very well cast with both John David Washington and Adam Driver giving outstanding performances and didn't shy away from many sensitive real life storylines.Based on Spike Lee's politics I think he did a very good job of telling the story that needed to be told and leave his personal agenda aside.I also really enjoyed much of the music choices as they were very representative of the music that was popular at the time.The only real negatives I had from the movie were the weak performances of Topher Grace and Alec Baldwin and both roles could have been cast better.

Mid-1970s. Ron Stallworth joins the Colorado Springs Police Department, becoming its first African-American officer. After a while he becomes a detective. Then he infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan.Great movie, directed by Spike Lee. The main part of the story - African-American detective infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan - seems preposterous but is true, being based on Ron Stallworth's book. Spike Lee uses the absurdity of this event to great effect, with many situations that are quite hilarious. The movie could easily have just been a comedy, as Lee keeps the humour coming, and doesn't just rely on the central plot for that.However, it's far more than a comedy. As a cop-drama it is very interesting too, with an intriguing crime angle and some gripping developments. The conclusion to this feels a bit trite and Hollywoodized, however: in reality Stallworth's investigation did not end so dramatically, or so poetically in its justice.The social commentary aspect is also, for the most part, well done. The African-American experience is well shown. With regard to the KKK, Lee could easily have drawn the KKK members as one-dimensional, redneck, cartoon-character stereotypes but does a great job at humanising them, plus showing the different types within the KKK: from the stupid and easily lead, to the violent, nothing-is-beyond-them types to the cunning leaders, for whom spreading hate is an industry and a career. Moreover, it's fairly well balanced: Lee doesn't create a black vs white rhetoric but shows that it is racist pockets within society that are to blame.However, some of the shine does get taken off this objectivity at the end, with Lee trying to draw parallels with current events, and taking aim at current political leaders. While showing that racism and organisations like the KKK still exist and need to be eradicated is a pertinent message, the way it was presented just felt cheap.

The conversation around this film inevitably ends up at the closing few minuets. to get it out of the way I think the way this film wraps up was certainly a bold choice on Lees part that helps ground he movie in todays political climate and draws parallels between the struggles of the of the 70s and the struggles of today. This will alienate a lot of potential audience members but it is a Spike Lee film so you should know what you are in for.The film proceeding the controversial short documentary is actually one of the most entertaining films I have seen all year and certainly isnt shy about tackling political and social issues head on. At times it can be tough to believe that this is a completely true story as the screenplay elegantly glides from one insane encounter to the next without ever flinching. As far as I can tell with my limited research this is a largely accurate retelling of the story and if that is the case then screenwriters Charlie Wachtel, David Rabinowitz, Kevin Willmott and director Spike Lee landed on a perfect story for Lees unique style. The influence of black cinema from the 70s is felt everywhere from the cinematography to the music gives the film a feeling of cool that not many modern films pull of.If BlacKkKlansman is not up for at least one acting Oscar then I might just have to give up on trying to predict Oscar nominees. Adam Driver is the best he has ever been in a non Star Wars project, Topher Grace delivers an unsettlingly charming and perfectly threatening performance as Grand Wizard David Duke and John David Washington breaks out of his fathers shadow within seconds of screen time.BlacKkKlansman is absolutely going to rank high on my best of the year list this year! this is a film that has to be seen.

Spike Lee's "Blackkklansman", a contender in last year's Cannes Festival, just became one of the nominees for Best Picture in Oscar this year, expectedly. "Do the right thing" (1989) was probably the movie that established Lee as an auteur director, in both artistic flare and moral conviction. Take away the racial politics element, however, "Blackkklansman" is very much an entertaining police undercover yarn, with more accent on the comic than on the thriller flavor. The humor, however, is double-edged. It is probably even more effective than graphic violence as a vehicle for condemning bigotry. The ridicule and absurdity get the message through, in "Do the right thing", and again in "Blackkklansman". But make no mistake about it. In "Blackkklansman", Lee is not pulling any punches. The hammering comes at the end, after the main body of the movie.For those (probably very few) who noticed, the movie actually started on a quiet, pensive note - a few bars from Stephen Foster's languid Negro folk song Swanee River (Old Folks at Home). What comes next wakes you up. In a sort of prologue, Alec Baldwin in the form of a character called Dr. Kennebrew Beauregard, a white supremist, delivers an infuriating propaganda speech that make you feel completely disgusted. That is exactly the intention. The effect of this fictional opening is surpassed only by the real-life closing. But first, the main body of the story.
Based on true events in the 1970s, the narration starts with Ron Stallworth (John David Washington), the first Black police officer in Colorado Spring Police Department, reporting to work on his first day. He soon gets bored with duties at the record library which is customarily assigned to rookies, irrespective of ethnic background. A bright young man brimming with self-confidence, he soon asks for a transfer to undercover assignments that are more challenging. "I'll shave and even take out the natural if I have to", the latter referring to his beautiful Afro hairstyle. It does not take too long for him to get his wish. Ron is teamed up with Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) and Jimmy Creek (Michael Buscemi), two worthy partners, for undercover assignments.The fun starts when with a flash of inspiration upon noticing a add from an "organization" which he immediately recognizes as the Ku Klux Klan, he calls to seek membership. "Fluent in both Queen's English and jive" (the first one I interpret as meaning upper class American English, as real English hadn't been spoken in America for years, according to professor Higgins, "My Fair Lady"), Ron spills out over the phone a run of insults a white supremist would hurl at a Black man. The hilarity from watching this on screen is predictable but still irresistible. The KKK member on the other end of the line is completely sold and invites Ron to an interview.Doubling the hilarity now is having two Ron Stallworths, one in the voice of the real guy, the other in the body of Flip, who manages to achieve a good resemblance of the voice and manner of speaking, after some hard practice. He is white alright, but also a Jew! Imagine the danger he puts himself into in trying to infiltrate the KKK. But Flip, first and foremost, is a true professional.There's more: the infiltration has a parallel. Ron goes to a black activist meeting, where he meets pretty student union president Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrier). The ensuing mutual romantic interest is also predictable.As mentioned, the narrative moves forward very much in the vein of a mainstream undercover yarn. The thriller portion is contained, culminating in an anticlimax of a bomb threat and an assassination attempt. The levity portion is well managed, with the barbs on bigotry working very much like those in "Do the right thing". There is even crowd-pleasing poetic justice in seeing a racist policeman trapped and getting his due.Toward the end, however, comes a powerful montage of two parallel running, intercutting sequences. In one meeting, Jerome Turner (Harry Belafonte) recounts, first-hand, the atrocities done to his handicapped friend Jesse years ago. In another meeting chaired by David Duke (Topher Grace), the KKK "grand wizard", Flip gets "baptized".The movie closes with ample live footage from the 2017 events in Charlottesville, include Donald Trump's comments. That completes the left-right combo knockout punch.Washington's confident, measured performance does credit to his father Denzel. Driver get a well-deserved Supporting nomination in Oscar.

This film is inspired by a true story, it's about racism in the seventies.The first black cop in Colorado Springs wants to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan to prove the organisation is based on racism and white supremacy.
In my opinion the film is excellent because the context is striking, we can see the appaling side of the Ku Klux Klan organisation which is very frightening.
The film is true to life and inspired by a true story which opposes white power and black power. The action scenes whith guns are really realistics!
We can see scenes which are thought-provoking with the process registration for the new members.
We can hear poignant speeches by black supremacists who want to fight white power.
At the end of the film, all the files which accuse the KKK of violence and racism are deleted, it's very upsetting.
Nowadays the KKK is still active !

On a scale from 1 to 10, I'd rate this movie a 7 because I found it really representative and well played. It was compelling and convincing about the Ku Klux Klan ideas. It shows a woman (Patrice) fighting for justice between black and white people and for black empowerment. Somehow, it's a sentimental movie and that's why I liked it. I have to admit that it was a true to life, realistic & moving movie, but I particulary loved those real videos shown at the end of the movie. It was fascinating and disturbing at the same time, because it's just striking. The plot focuses on the infiltration of a man in the KKK, a very courageous man. The story is clever and the movie has a surprising ending scene. This is a movie based on a true story that shows us how the KKK was before. It's well worth seeing and it's a great piece of film-making.

Awesome movie, based in amazing and crazy true facts, sparkled with smart funny parts. Not my favorite type of edition but I enjoyed it anyway.
The last 30 minutes are gold! The end so toutching and alarming, worth the watch for sure and I loved the soundtrack! I would like to say one more time "all power to all the people".

I didn't know exactly what to expect from this Spike Lee joint but I found the movie timely and effective. There were funny moments and moments that were hard to watch, especially for African Americans. The acting is stellar. But some of the scenes could have been better, especially in the beginning of the film. Some just seemed like empty space. We all know who this movie was directed to, it was an interesting lesson in the history we still have yet to resolve in this country. 
I'd like to address some critism of the film's portrayal of the police, I for one found it spot on. We all know there are some really bad cops and some good ones and this movie shows that sometimes they step up. I hope some of the police are this film and remember that.

Amazing true story of a small team of police infiltrating a local klan chapter to try to stop looming violence.Driver is first class as the white undercover presence, with Washington himself oozing presence throughout as the black officer who conceives the plan, runs the show and in a number of hilarious high points gains the respect and trust of the big Klan chief over the phone.Whilst there is arguably room for a little bit of trimming, this remains highly engaging throughout with a great script and fine performances. The amazing trick here is how Lee seems to very cleverly shift from laugh out loud comedy to troubling sometimes fairly intense scene and back without missing a beat.

A sell-out to one side of the nation's anger. The message in this movie is warped by current, angry, politics. It began as a 10 and ended way below a 1. Respect for Lee as a filmmaker but not for the blanketed political finger pointing.

In this movie, there is a lot of talent .The film is based on a true story.The plot is absolutely touching. The movie is emotionally satisfying . I like this movie because the actor's fame is true to life . This film is really eye-opening. Ron stallworth's acting is very convincing . Then , the soundtracte is compelling . This movie has changed my vision of the U.S.A. It is certainly at the top of my list of good movies.
It was very disturbing and harrowing . It's an incredible movie . In this movie we can see racial hartred . It was very striking , i will never forget this movie .It's a great pece of film making because it's about white supremacists . I recommend it .
It's an absolute must-see !

This is a fine film, filled with wry humor as well as serious, relevant content. Spike Lee has never been one to shy away from issues. I'm appalled by the reviews that call the movie 'heavy handed.' What's more heavy handed than white supremecists marching through our streets? Lee weaves together the threads of Stallworth's insightful memoir, while heightening the drama with fictional elements. It all comes together to illustrate how far we've fallen since 2016, when Trump gave his own imprimatur to the alt right to step out of the darkness. We have a long way to go.

At first I thought it was a comedy, then I realized it was based on real events. Still very funny imo.
The last 5 minutes was very powerful. One of the best movies of 2018.

I've been a Spike Lee fan since "She's Gotta Have It" opened in theaters. I've found all of his films worth watching. Some, such as "Malcolm X," "Do the Right Thing," "Four Little Girls," and "Get on the Bus," are profound. I'm white, 69, and in a wheelchair. Going to the ticket line, I noticed a black man, of similar age, and in a wheelchair. I said to him, I know we'll be competing for the wheelchair seats. We wound up sitting next to each other, and enjoyed each other's comments.Others have detailed the virtues of this film, so I'll comment on the questions, perhaps some are unanswerable, that the film raised to me. Why did the Colorado Springs Police end what, by their own admission, was a very successful operation? Why were all the records destroyed? How well did racial integration of their force continue from there? Wish the imdb still had the forums, so we could discuss this. I really should read Stallworth's autobiography, as it might have some answers.One thing I have to mention, if this were fiction, most would find a black man and a Jew duping the Klan unbelievable! Great film!

The blaxploitation romance with their perms and fashion showcases identity discovery. They own the blackness and in the post-MLK era dress like superheroes from films, a means of being 'larger than life' to showcase pride and overcompensate the painful reality. The cinema comes twice. Once this concept of Stallworth on the phone to David Duke so the outward contrasts his ice cold pained eyes to multitude shades of effect, playing out continual vignettes. and two, Adam Driver is the film's conscience with every time his looks mean two things, or he counters his hatred inside for them by projecting forceful racial hate, which I see as pointing to projection as the source of such beliefs. The dual of inside vs outside is one of the most riveting 'double' concepts in film as it brings about several dueling perspectives, which is why we go to the theater. One complained of the half-assed climactic set piece but I think Spike Lee is tired of it all. How can you complain when it begins with 'dis base on sum true shizz'? He is saying these morons don't warrant much serious thought at all, only to laugh at; then re-contextualizes its laxness as tired wisdom with the Charlottesville, VA footage at the end portraying it all deadly serious: the cycles of history are on the verge of repeating and the same stories would go on. 'We didn't want them to be here.' Both sides said the same thing.

The whole love story was trash, I was thinking while I watched the movie.Then, I found out that this was based on a true story, and there you go, the worst and stupidest parts of this movie were all made up.The fact that "the white Ron" was a jew, the love story, the bomb attack to create an "action/thriller finalle" were things created for the movie, and it shows, because they sucked.The rest, the real story, is really good. Its something I didn't know that happened, and it is interesting. Without the made up parts, the movie could've been 20/30 minutes shorter, and better, with better pace between the tense scenes of Adam Driver having to prove he wasn't a cop, and Ron's policial work and discussions by phone with Duke. Or you could've shown how the "non nazis whites" are also part of the problem, instead of just telling us that.

So many moments of previous shame, and our tainted history, but they were outshadowed by the words of President Donald Trump. His description of the Colorado white supremacist march and riot brings fresh shame to any of us who elected him. Assigning equal guilt to all the participants provides us with a glimpse into his truely evil nature.

At the end of the film, when i left the cinema, i was juste unsettled. Blackkklansman is such a tought-provoking film. To start xhith, let me summarize the plot. The story is about an African-American police officer who infiltr

Some of the reviews foud this movie appalling, I found it eye-opening. Some people found it biased, I found it daring.
This film, which is directed by Spike Lee, is based on a book after a true story ; the story of Ron Stallworth (performed by John D. Washington, whose performance is absolutely inspiring), first black police officer in Colorado Springs, Colorado. To be able to enter the Intelligence Services, or lead character is going to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan's local chapter. There will be other characters, who will help him throughout the film, such as Flip (Adam Driver), the Jewish policeman, or Patrice (Laura Harrier), the Black Panther activist.
In my opinion, this film is an absolute must-see! As I said, the actor's performances (not only John D. Wasington's) are very convincing, and they are supported by a screenplay that manages to be both funny and thought-provoking at times.
I did find the movie a bit long at times, though. However, it does not keep the audience from understanding the numerous (and very up-to-date) inequalities this film is about : racism (obviously), anti-Semitism, gender inequalities,...
Last but not least, the Charlottesville scene at the end. Many people found it upsetting, since it doesn't have any direct ties with Stallworth's story. But since these subjects are still so present in America nowadays, I find it legit, and it's a perfect conclusion for a masterpiece such as BlacKkKlansman.
Just to finish with a few words about the film's direction : it feels like such a true to life 70's city! It is striking!
Hats off, Mr Lee, you did a great job there!

Probablement son film dans lequel il y a le plus de « blancs »... puisqu'il s'agit là de dénoncer les agissements du « KKK » et par extension, des personnes comme l'actuel président américain aux idées extrémistes. Le tout est bien fait, basé sur des faits réels, toutefois, ce que je reproche au réalisateur, c'est peut-être qu'il soit lui même raciste et qu'il ait choisi de faire des films pour faire passer son message. Peut-être que je me trompe, mais je ne vois pas réellement d'ouverture de sa part dans l'ensemble de ses oeuvres.
En tout cas, bon film !

Blackkklansman is unambiguous about its social message, but delivers it through a drama where the stakes continue to raise throughout the movie. While it may have been a little too on the nose about its emphasis throughout, I loved the way Lee tied the film events back to present day at the end. The arc of the movie was very well done - what's a small phone call at first spirals deeper and deeper into thrilling, high-drama situations. The tension was truly at its peak during the dinner and road sequences, a great culmination of the investment the undercover officers put into their bold investigation. Adam Driver clearly had the performance of the movie for me - despite a very subdued performance, he manages to inject thought and emotion into several scenes and does a great job in his undercover scenes. The humor didn't land as much for me as for others - most of the jokes were just plays on a black guy calling David Duke and acting like a white guy, which lost its amusement after the first couple calls for me. The romance between Ron and Patrice felt very forced and their conversations just didn't hold any interest, as Patrice felt more extreme than needed and Ron was very obvious about being a cop and not just saying he supports the cause. The frustration between them felt unnecessary. It was also a bit jarring to watch the juxtaposition of the extreme nature of the KKK's hatred with Ron and the black power movement, though that is intentional and central to the film. A few minor scenes felt a bit overly scripted or dramatized, particularly Ron being assigned to be Duke's security detail (why would they actually give him that assignment), Ron grabbing their shoulders in the picture (why would he do that?), and Felix knowing about Ron's identity but subtly bringing it into a conversation rather than telling Duke what's going on, and then Felix being called out of the room just as he's bringing it up. For all its criticisms of heavy-handedness, this is a topic that should be handled with extremity and no ambiguity, so Lee's demonstration of racism within the context of an exciting movie that's also a crazy true story is a testament to his success as a director.

I'd like to put all X (white/black/yellow/green) supremacists on separate islands and be done with racism/racialism. That's such a waste of time.

A good film. The actors all do a good job, and its at times very funny. However, at times the director includes irrelevant shots, such as at the very beginning (Gone With the Wind) and throughout (scenes with floating heads). Alec Baldwin shows up for the very first scene and then disappears, his character was unneccessary. The scenes with Trump at the end shouldnt be included as it turns what is a interesting history movie into a political statement. Generally very good

This movie was so great extremely entertaining. One thing that made NO SENSE is after the first call why wouldn't they just keep having the white guy be on the phone.. made no sense at all.. after he met them using black dudes name. One sad thing is people will use this as ammunition to say white people are evil. It has a political twist. And trust me you'll hear about it..

This movie is great ! It feels light yet very weighty at the same time .. It's very clear what the goals are and it achieves !

Movies about the darkest parts of history are difficult to pull off. In the era of Trump, Hollywood has started to focus on race and politics more than ever, with the likes of Get Out, The Purge, The Death of Stalin, Detroit and so on. BlacKkKlansman, Spike Lee's latest 'joint' (his stylised possessory credit), explores messages, social commentary, themes and ideas as deep as possible. Not a second is wasted on what it's trying to say, while its engrossing storyline is told with sweeping energy, creative freedom and emotion. I haven't seen race and racism displayed so effectively in cinema for a very long time.The movie centres around the true story on the racist troubles of Ku Klux Klan during the 1970's. The police service of Coronado Springs attempts to take them down with the help of a young African-American named Ron Stallworth, the first in the department.Punctured by a smart screenplay by David Rabinowitz, Kevin Willmott, Charlie Wachtel and Lee, Lee's approach to the event clearly shows his vision wasn't interfered by an uncompromising bankable studio. Cinematographer Chayse Irvin wisely chose to shoot on 35mm and 16mm film, creating a serious old-school 70's vibe where at times characters are slightly out of focus and the sunlight is overexposed due to the sensitivity of the film stock. Wes Anderson-like techniques are frequently present here, with closeups of images that fill the screen, quick pans, dolly shots that go from character to character (especially in one scene) and a few beautiful dreamlike shots that unintentionally pay homage to Bohemian Rhapsody. This is what sets the film apart from others, adding a scoop of creative juice within the storytelling.John David Washington's first acting role, son of Denzil, is a knockout. He really digs deep into the psychology of Stallworth and nails it onscreen. In his big break from playing Kylo Ren between 2017's The Last Jedi and Episode IX in 2019, Adam Driver puts on another great performance as Flip Zimmerman, with his laid back presence lighting up every scene he's in. Topher Grace's career has officially been revived with this movie after going out of the spotlight since Spider-Man 3. He somehow fits into the role of David Duke with his talent to be serious and ends up being taken as comedic.There are a few fizzles along the way. Lee's ability to occasionally break the 180-degree rule for effect and use multiple shots on a single action can come across as jarring. Sometimes Barry Alexander Brown's editing from scene-to-scene are blink-and-you'll-miss-it transitions, jumping to the next stage way too fast.Besides these issues, the whole thing flows pretty well. I don't think we'll seeing anything as satisfying as this in a very long time. One of the best films of 2018.

BlacKkKlansman: A comedy but a very serious one. Director Spike Lee bookends this film with documentary footage, from the 60s at the beginning and ending with with 2017 footage of Neo-Nazis marching through Charlottesville chanting: "The Jews Will Not Rule Over Us" along with an interview with David Duke who features throughout the film.Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) becomes the first Black undercover officer in the Colorado Police Force. Initially he is sent to infiltrate a meeting where a former Black Panther leader is speaking. Here we come to the first dichotomy: Stallworth very much wants to advance Black Power but he also believes in Law and Order, something which will cause divisions between him and student leader Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrier) who he encounters at the rally.Stallworth moves on to infiltrate the Klan, fooling both local Klan leaders and Imperial Grand Wizard David Duke (Topher Grace) over the phone. His partner Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver) takes the part of Ron in actual meetings. Gradually they get more involved in the Klan and uncover a plot to bomb Black targets. Duke may not have been aware of this, make your mind up.Here we have a history lesson about some dark deeds in the recent past and as the ending shows: they haven't gone away you know. At the times it is only the vein of dark humour which runs through the film which makes it watchable. We come across not just racism but hatred of Jews with one character wanting to make Flip take a lie-detector test to prove that he's not a Jew. Zimmerman's life is constantly under threat through the risk of the exposure of his real identity. Serving members of the military are involved in the conspiracy. There are racist cops in the film and it shows institutional racism in areas of Law Enforcement but Stallworth and Driver and eventually the Police Chief emerge as the heroes of the film. The identities of the villains are all to clear throughout BlacKkKlansman and they are still there at the post ending documentary coda. Made on a budget of only $15 million this is a tour de force by Spike Lee. 9/10.

This movie is great at what it sets out to do: provide a comedic, interesting story on a black man infiltrating the KKK, while also providing a strong message saying that some of this hate we've seen throughout the movie isn't gone yet. 
While I do think this movie has a few pacing issues around the middle of the film, the denouement and ending are both fantastic, and are well worth sitting through some dragging scenes. John David Washington is fantastic in this movie, and also Adam Driver. Driver plays a character who is trying to play a character of someone that would support the KKK, and this is just another great performance on his growing resume of acting. 
Like I've said before, the ending is amazing, and I won't spoil it for you, but you could hear a pin drop when the credits rolled in my screening. And I believe that is one of the most important jobs of filmmakers: to make the audience feel emotion, and to convey their point. There are not many films I can think of that could do that to this high a standard. Overall, fantastic film, best of the year so far in my opinion, and no matter who you are, you need to see this film!

"Blackkklansman" is one of the best movies of the year.

"With the right white man, we can do anything." - Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) to Chief Bridges (Robert John Burke)Potential spoilers belowThe piano and wails of the late musician Prince in his 1983 cover of "Mary Don't You Weep" play over the credits to BlacKkKlansman, the latest film or "joint" by filmmaker Spike Lee. As with the late musician, Lee's career consists of a handful of underrated gems and many disappointing struggles to reattain the heights of his bona-fide masterpieces-1989's Do the Right Thing and 1992's Malcolm X. BlacKkKlansman, Lee's biographical drama about a most fascinating episode in the life of police officer Ron Stallworth, is a confident return to form for the 61-year-old stalwart of politically and racially charged cinema.It is 1972. Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) joins the Colorado Springs Police Department as its first African-American detective. Feeling confident, Stallworth dares to infiltrate and expose the extremist and racist Ku Klux Klan (KKK) for conspiring to attack minorities. Stallworth teams up with his Jewish co-worker, Philip "Flip" Zimmerman (Adam Driver), to go undercover in the "Organization" (as Klan members refer to their group). Since the rookie detective made the mistake of using his own name, Zimmerman must also act and talk as Stallworth-a challenge, considering their racial backgrounds. Between cozying up to the Klan's "Grand Wizard"/national director David Duke (Topher Grace) and his intent to sanitize its violent rhetoric to appeal to the mainstream and confronting their own cultural identities in the fight to eradicate hate, Stallworth and Zimmerman embark on the undercover investigation of their lives.Despite the heavy weight and sensitivity of its subject matter, BlacKkKlansman's greatest asset is the noticeable joy that exudes from each frame and all the actors inhabiting them. Leading the way is former professional football player turned actor John David Washington, son of famed actor Denzel Washington. Washington interacts with many of his fellow cast members, transitioning between "King's" English and jive as the movie's embodiment the internal of tug o' war experienced by every American citizen of color, especially those of African descent. Though co-star Adam Driver's role is less flashy, he conveys just as well how Zimmerman's unpracticed Jewish heritage compels him to commit to investigating the KKK, which hates Jews about as much as those of African descent.Beyond the leading duo are supporting players who vary between functional and noteworthy. Corey Hawkins gets an extended rousing speech and a brief police pullover scene as the Trinidadian Civil Rights and Pan-African activist Kwame Ture. Topher Grace gets just enough screentime as the affable David Duke, whose passion for the KKK's dark agenda matches his lack of awareness when having one-to-one phone conversations with Ron Stallworth. On the other hand, Laura Harrier (who last appeared in Spider-Man: Homecoming) could have used more scenes as Patrice Dumas, president of the local Black Student Union. Her forever-low view of the police as an institution does little to cover her standard role as Stallworth's love interest.Surprisingly, two of BlacKkKlansman's secret weapons are cast members of European descent: Finish actor Jasper Pääkkönen gets to overuse his "Jew radar" as testy "Organization" member Felix Kendrickson. Kendrickson's interrogation of the undercover Zimmerman and whether he has been "circumstanced" registers as one of biographical drama's funniest scenes. Ashlie Atkinson plays Kendrickson's faithful wife Connie as an outsider adorably itching to participate in her husband's KKK activities. Both actors relish their characters' racism the most from among the cast. One can imagine Lee, Pääkkönen, and Atkinson having many laughs while discussing this acting choice between takes.2018 has proved itself as a monumental year for films centered on those of African descent. I rank BlacKkKlansman just above Disney-Marvel's Black Panther (already the subgenre's representative for 2018), yet I ultimately prefer the innovative bonkers of Sorry to Bother You and the grounded conciseness of Blindspotting. Still, I hope BlacKkKlansman marks the official start of a bountiful autumn season in Spike Lee's storied filmmaking career.Now, onward to the dance floor! "It's too late / to turn back now / I believe, I believe, I believe I'm fallin' in love..."(Parental Note: BlacKkKlansman has been rated R by the MPAA "for language throughout, including racial epithets, and for disturbing/violent material and some sexual references". It has also been rated 15 by the BBFC for "racist violence and language," and "very strong language".)R.N.B.

I won't say much, the movie speaks for itself. Go see it and I think you'll agree. One thing, that was one of the best endings to a movie I have ever seen; right on time.

By this genre, I meant the movies telling racism prevailing in America. The movie starts slowly but ends perfectly.

So many boring movies with cookie cutter characters out now, and Spike Lee just nails it. I can't say I've been a fan, haven't really liked his characters before now, they always seemed a bit arrogant, but maybe he's chilled too, and now the maturity and experience is showing. It's like Tarantino meets Coen Brothers, and when I say that, I mean the classic elements, but then the Spike Lee twists come into play near the end. The ending made me cry, and I never want to see David Dukes' face again ever, he's a demon.I wasn't keen on some of the pacing, but then again I think it had the pacing of an older movie - try Pulp Fiction now, and you realize movies used to take their time.John David Washington is amazing! Laura Harrier, maybe a bit too pretty, but OK. Adam Driver as always shines it up, so droll, and where did they find all these other amazing black actors? Hollywood, come on, man, loads of great resources! Funny how the best films and shows of recent times are when there's a really properly diverse cast that mixes without always going on about their racial differences, which sound weird when I'm reviewing this film about the deep racism in the US, but it's true, really good writing to make the police team really feel like they care about each other, using black and white differences to do their job.And then you see, ah yes, Jordan Peele and Jason Blum producing. No wonder this is great.By the way, I'm white. Or am I...??????
Arurr.

My first impression of "BlacKkKlansman" was my reaction to seeing its name listed among the films selected to premiere in competition at the Cannes film festival. I remember thinking, "Did the filmmakers really need to put the "k" between the two words? Isn't the "K" in "Klansman" enough?"The answer to the first is yes; the answer to the second is no. This is a film which makes no attempt to explain its behaviour, which is original and relentless. The script wastes no time in packing in as many racist slurs as it possibly can, with no careful exposition clarifying that the people saying the words are bad. It goes without saying - the Klansmen are utterly detestable and the actors playing them seem in competition to be the most unpleasant. It says a lot about the careful, purposeful direction of Mr. Lee that the greatest merit the Klan characters have is that they aren't quite as socially unacceptable as Jasper Pääkkönen's Felix. Certainly Mr. Lee wishes to show that the well-spoken David Duke (Topher Grace) is deluded in believing that he is any better, by amping up the classical expressionism of the camera in Duke's scenes.Speaking of the camera, it always seems to be in the right place. It works as an onlooker, never quite embracing a wholly "modern" style. Much has already been written about the "creamy" cinematography, designed to emulate the look of 70s exploitation cinema. This is a success, and the film's atmosphere bleeds through the screen similarly to "Fargo" Season 2 and Paul Thomas Anderson's "Inherent Vice".The soundtrack, by Terence Blanchard, whose fantastic work in Mr. Lee's "25th Hour" should not soon be forgotten, is in a league of its own, fading out through most of the dialogue and popping up in force to punctuate the previous scene and lead into the next. I'm a fan of this style: it allows for a much more energetic soundtrack. Certainly parallels must be drawn between the lone guitar and the character of Ron Stallworth, as played by John David Washington.
Mr. Washington's performance, as well as Adam Driver's, will not be acclaimed enough, as "BlacKkKlansman" is not the type of film that allows for its performers to be the stars. Clearly Mr. Lee's focus is on the story (a compelling one, producer Jordan Peele has said that he successfully it to Mr. Lee in a mere six words) and the parallels found between the story and the world of today. That is, in part, what makes this such an interesting film. Like Mr. Peele's "Get Out", the film functions on the surface as an entertainment piece - a buddy-cop story with an ironic premise. That it's based on a true story elevates it to incredible. That said, this film does not have the subtlety of "Get Out" - not that it has to; that film would've been a mess if it had been too direct. In "BlacKkKlansman", we can appreciate that this is an attack on anybody that could dare to have a mindset ranging from Felix's to Duke's. It is a successful one. The film is profoundly moving and strongly independent. That's why the title has the "k". This is a Spike Lee joint.

Okay. Look. I'm an old white lady who jumped on Spike from the moment of the release of his first film. I've been hooked ever since. Why? Did I mention that I am an old white LADY, as opposed to white MAN? After having one perspective rammed down my throat for over 55 years, I yearned to see Western life from another perspective. Lee gives me that. And here is his genius: without revenge, without anger, without bitterness, this man puts an objective camera out their, and records what happened. Just the ability to do that is remarkable. With his latest film, BlackkKlansman, he gave himself a Herculean challenge; can I depict this situation without any cultural slant. My tears attest that he did so, in spades. From the protagonists relationship with his white superior officer, to his conduct throughout... Lee never tilted the odds to be any different than if the protagonist/superior officer relationship were any different to that of a Bruce Willis in relationship to any similar situation. There was no cultural or racial bias even hinted at. The entire script allowed anyone from any background to experience the story from the drivers seat. The view of racial hatred he provided was so objective and so clear that anyone who was not moved, needs serious psycho therapy. Thank you again Mr. Lee for providing a perfect depiction of truth.

My first ever review on IMDB, but needed to write it!The film is brilliant, it is well filmed, has brilliant well cast actors and the last 5 mins is possibly the strongest ending to any movie I've ever watched. You could here a pin drop in our cinema!Absolutely tremendous!

Great storytelling by Lee and Peele. 
No one does tight, cool, surprising storytelling like these two men.

In 1979 Colorado Springs, cop Ron Stallworth infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan. On the phone, because he's black. However, since he needs to attend meetings and the like, Jewish colleague Flip Zimmerman is recruited for the physical side of things. Their undercover operation proceeds in the face of some resistance within the establishment, and Ron's increasing involvement with Black Power activist Patrice.Spike Lee films an adaptation of Stallworth's autobiographical book. It is a strange mix of fact, comedy, period detail, action, drama, and social commentary and, oddly, this chaotic mishmash works quite well, helped by a winning performance form heavily afro'ed John David Washington as Stallworth.This is unusual in that it is a worthy film - it has something worthwhile to say - yet it is easy entertainment throught its running time. Despite its entertainment value, you are never in any doubt about the weight of the issues underlying it.And it is bookended by, at the start, a powerful cameo from Alex Baldwin as the Klan's Beauregard, spouting vile poison and, at the end, Donald Trump being Donald Trump.

Too often true stories drag out the story line with clutter of facts. Not so here. The pace kept us involved to the end. 
Lee and Peele provide a troubling reminder of the past and a cautionary tale of the present. 
Many in our theater laughed, cheered and left humbled and disturbed. Powerful movie.

Movie was fun unique and didn't drag on for me. It has you truly feeling the weight of the time on both sides being semi similar. Best part of the movie for me was when two rednecks stormed out of the theater being offended cause it wasn't what they expected.

If you don't find this movie funny, just know that your sense of humor absolutely sucks!! Without a doubt the funniest of Spike Lee's movements. I went to a sneak preview where we got to see a Q&A with Spike Lee & the cast where he went out of his way to say this is a movie to make you laugh & no matter how racist some of the humor might be, none of it's made up, these are actual words that have been used to demean others for decades! It's a good 2 hr movie but it never felt long & drawn out like some of Spike's other movies. I'd even pay to see this twice in theatre. Damn near perfectly done & will blow your mind that a guy with the history of David Duke is buddy buddy with our current POTUS

Anyone writing a negative review about this movie is likely uncomfortable with discussing race relations in this country or trying to sabotage the ratings for this movie (similar to what was done with Black Panther). The fact this is based on a true story carries more weight than the naysayers calling it too political, Spike Lee rhetoric and racist.

Timely and on point. One of the best Spike Lee films to date.

If there is a frontrunner for Best Picture and Best Director this year than it has to be Blackkklansman and SpikeLee. Spike Lee probably directed the most important movie of the last five years. I laughed, I balled my fist out of anxiety and anger, and I was silenced. The whole theater (who was loud the majority of the film) was dead silent at the end. 10/10 and Spike's best in decades.

This, BlackkKlansman, was one of the most entertaining Spike Lee movies of all time ! ! ! My wife and I went to see this movie along with 2 friends. We all raved at how well this movie was put together. KUDOS TO MR. SPIKE LEE for a thoroughly entertaining and educational movie...!

I didn't like this movie. The story behind the movie is very nice, but the way as the movie was recorded was terrible in my opinion.

The true story seems interesting, but the movie just lacked. Not very well written for the screen. The more recent events at the end seems a little force to be included in this movie as well and came as more of political statement. Big shock.

A lot of people are complaining about the movie being an awkward mix of light comedy and serious drama but personally I thought that, that exactly was its charm . I really enjoyed its tone and it made it easy to watch. Also I enjoyed watching the actors so much that I didn't realize how 2 hours passed .
And without wanting to spoil the end scenes , I really really don't get how there are people that felt they were "forced" or "too much" or "out of place". For me that was the BEST part of the movie because there I was , watching a movie about real things that actually happen in the world but because it was in a light manner you kind of forget that it IS real. And so ,queue the end scenes about REALITY ,so close to now, and it was like I was rudely awakened in the most powerful way . I was in tears when the credits rolled . I really want this movie to win an Oscar, I feel like it deserves it .

I loved this movie!!! Spike does it again!!! The reviews saying it was badly written or whatever have no clue. Watch it for yourself. Then you will see why some people have an issue....

Powerful, potent & provocative yet retaining its sense of humour throughout, BlacKkKlansman is a fiercely crafted, thoroughly entertaining & wonderfully witted memoir from Spike Lee that brings its outrageously true story to cinematic life with cut-throat intensity and is expertly steered by sincere inputs from its cast.Set in the early 1970s, the story of BlacKkKlansman follows Ron Stallworth, the first African-American detective in the Colorado Springs Police Department who sets out to prove his worth by successfully infiltrating the local Klu Klux Klan branch with the help of his Jewish colleague whom he convinces to go undercover as a white supremacist.Directed by Spike Lee, this is only the second film of his that I've seen to date after that awful, cringeworthy mess threw him off my radar for years. BlacKkKlansman is crafted with a clever but composed eye as Lee allows the viewers to sit back, relax & enjoy the ride by establishing a light & funny vibe while he works on the underside to slowly ruffle their emotions.The film paints a gripping & thought-provoking portrait of race relations in America and draws parallels with contemporary racial issues in a determined fashion. It's hard-hitting stuff offered in a not so hard-hitting manner, delving into the wicked mechanisms of America's own terrorist organisation in a way that's as amusing as it is disturbing and at times tense & frightening too.What also powers this feature is the brilliant performances from its reliable cast. John David Washington is in as the only black officer in an all-white police force and there is an effortless charisma & relaxed demeanour to his rendition. Adam Driver is convincing as both the police & the KKK imposter. The rest of the cast provide good support as well but it's Washington, Driver & their fluid chemistry that drives this narrative.On an overall scale, BlacKkKlansman is a stylishly directed, sharply scripted, steadily paced, neatly edited, skilfully photographed & excellently performed biopic that presents Spike Lee in splendid form and is one of the most stimulating works of the year. There is a seething anger gurgling beneath the surface for the most part but in the end, Lee refuses to hide his disdain for today's racial climate in the United States as he shows how less things have changed over the years. A sharp slice of history pierced with timely, topical themes, BlacKkKlansman is one 2018 film you shouldn't miss out.

This is the best film I have seen in a long time, not only is it funny in places, it is superbly written well acted and above all very powerful, the images at the end of the film are particularly poignant and troubling, especially with the black lives matter campaign happening and the presidents reaction to it
Spike lee has pulled of a modern masterpiece with this film, if it is not at least on the list for best film at the Oscars it will be a travesty, this is a must watch, a real eye opener that shows that not as much has changed in the last 50 years in race relations in the USA

The dancing scene alone in the beginning I could talk about forever. The closeups on the faces and the blur and bleeding of colors, just beautiful and so ecstatic.

A film is a visually, sonically, and soulfully inspiring work of art. A film brings life to forgotten stories and personal dreams. The stories contained within are emotional and opinionated. Often, subtleness is laid to the wayside and films polarize the audience. BlackKklansman deals in such a discussion of race tensions in America.Let me be clear, my opinion of BlackKklansman stems solely from its effectiveness in emotional elicitation. I entered the theatre and left my politics at the door. As a result, I enjoyed a riveting ride through 1970s Colorado Springs. The color pallette glowed and mirrored the colors of the New Black Panther Party: black, red, gold, and green. Cinematographer Chayse Irvin delivered a natural, through-the-window view of the HATE that existed in 1970s America. Let me correct myself. That same HATE still lives today. The cast sells the story well. Alec Baldwin, John David Washington, Adam Driver, and Topher Grace live, breathe and embody the driving elements behind their respective characters. I entered the theatre devoid of all preconceptions and returned to the parking lot with a spinning mind. What BlackKklansman best succeeds in is offering a hero arguably different than the viewer and making him feel like a brother. Lee does this by highlighting kinship and eternal brotherhood among man, woman, and race. Sadly, the curtain comes crashing down and the final still of the movie destroys what good it had done. I cannot and will not spoil that for you. Know this, if you want to tell a story about overcoming differences, do not polarize the audience again as soon as they are about to leave the theatre.

BlacKkKlansmanBlacKkKlansman is a character driven thriller drama depicting the dark times that striked upon American Civil Rights which was steeped by an organization named Ku Klax Klan. Fortunately, for the makers the taboo subject analyzed in here hits the required note upon the current political situation. The vision of the writers is ahead of its time and with a jagged script like such, they don't flinch on visiting newer territories. Despite of meddling with such a fragile concept, the feature is surprisingly hilarious with tiny notions of the theories and references of cinema and music of 70's that is imputed smoothly. The usual chain terminology in your typical Police Headquarters is depicted aptly with a light environment among the office employees in order to bridge their bonding with concrete material. The husbandry gags kicks in especially when Driver learns to adapt the dialect and tone of Washington with some tricks and tactics that draws in most of the laughs. Ticking for more than two hours, the screenplay is tightly packed in two halfs. The first one is how Driver spears into their world of habitual controversies and "be part of the gang". While the other half is basically nail-biting "close calls" where Lee's directorial experience and finesse factors in effectively. The writing is elaborative with bold and inedible substance that aren't minced in words and if anything the emotions iterated by them is pure rage, to a point where audience may easily cringe on the seat to the "whiteness" of reality. Lee's tale is of Mob mentality that he speaks in volume through metaphorical terms foliated in long monologues and speeches that are exhilarating as much as layered. The political narrative is never opinionated since it explores both the side of the coin and tosses in front of the viewer to calculate upon. The music plays a vital role in Lee's latest project, the background score is appealing with up beating and heart breaking songs that elevates the momentum of the sequence. Washington's character is under sheer pressure at most of the time as it fights on both the aspects of the issues depicted in here but his portrayal is sculpted with such panache that it makes you groove when he hits someone or scores in an argument or even moves his legs in clubs. While his better half on screen, Driver recieves a bit more intense role (he still gets few laughs now and then with his partners) as he plays more on the field than behind the desk. Jasper Paakkonen gets a stand out moment and is probably Lee's finest Trump card, for he is not only the threat to everyone in the feature but he gets equally wider range as the protagonist does. Harrier, Grace and Burke holds on to their roles tightly and delivers a decent performance. As mentioned earlier, Lee is no short on execution and is probably his best work of his career as he has evolved naturally on delivering a compelling storytelling. The gripping screenplay, debates hidden under ideology and conversations and Washington and Driver's on screen chemistry are the high points of the feature. BlacKkKlansman is the finest entries on Cannes festival this year and is a competitive contender to the Golden Trophy and not because of its questions raised in here for the current society but the way it is crafted out.

Cancel the Oscars and give them all to this film. 
The film wasn't my usual fair but the story alone made me interested. 
It should be shown in all schools as kids need to know about this and to see right from wrong.
Go and see it

Spike Lee has not had a commercial, or critical hit since 2006's Inside Man, and after that he would often attempt to get bigger films off the ground such as Miracle at St. Anna, or his remake of Oldboy, a few years ago, but both films were neither received well, nor did they have the box office receipts to prove they were hits, in fact the complete opposite. Lee, who I have always admired as a filmmaker, did get other projects going since and during that time, but mostly they were smaller films that would only play in the very biggest of cities meaning that if you lived anywhere else you would either have to rent, buy, or stream the films in order to keep up to date with his body of work. Lee needed a film that was both going to be a critical success, but also one that would attract audiences and actually make some money as well. When his new film, Blackkklansman premiered at Cannes, I am certainly not sure what audiences, or critics were expecting, but the result turned out to be Lee's best reviewed film in probably longer than a decade as well as winning some of the top prizes at Cannes, which in my mind because of their very particular, yet often right on the money judgements, this meant that Lee's new film was great, but how would audiences fare and let alone the movie when it had a theatrical release date right in the middle of summer which we often know can be very difficult for smaller and more intelligent films? Blackkklansman continued to earn rave reviews as more critics were able to see it and the film was even given a wide release by it's distributor and the film was made for roughly 15 million dollars and after not even a month of release it has already doubled that amount in box office returns and has many saying that it is certainly a contender for Best Picture at next year's Oscars and in my mind, I wouldn't be surprised if the film, or Lee himself were standing on that stage next year picking up their awards. Having now seen the film myself, I will have to be honest and say that the style and tone of the film was a bit of a surprise to me because I was not expecting it to be so comedic and yet I found it often worked by also dealing with pretty upsetting subject matter and allowing us a chance to breathe and also to get immersed within the film and have a good chuckle as well as getting some hard hitting material as well, so I felt the balance which at first may have taken a little bit to get used to, ended up working beautifully. The story in itself is one of this year, or any recent year's most interesting plots around and the fact that it is all based upon a true story further adds fascination and a great emotional impact at the end of the film. The performances both by the leading cast as well as supporting were all fantastic and some of the best of the year. The script which Lee had a hand in writing is often smart, funny, intriguing and like any of Lee's best films, it also hits home and gets a point across that will certainly leave you shaken and stunned by the time you have walked out of the theatre. Lee has always been known for being angry at the world's injustices especially regarding race and this new film is no different. I appreciated that the violence in the film was toned down and realistically there was very little of it, so I think it would also bring more viewers in that way. The racial hatred, bigotry and language of which the film has lots, can be offensive and almost sickening at times, but we know why Lee went for this and he certainly gets his point across and then some. This is a film that is fascinating entertainment and also entertainment that will make you think about what you have just seen and may even change the way you look at current events and American history itself. The all too true aspect that is most disturbing is that this kind of hatred and acts of violence still exist and there are too many of these type of stories in the news today which makes the message of this film all the more timely and prevalent. This is one of the year's best films if not the best film of the year so far.

This Ron Stallman biopic offers a powerful message about the origins and persistence of race hate. Undoubtedly something that will leave supporters of the current US administration uncomfortable, it nonetheless shows how the poison of race hate that has affected America for centuries has once again been validated by politicians and become mainstream. Spike Lee is not afraid to mix humour in among the drama but overall it still leaves the audience with a strong message.

The movie was of a serious nature- serious subject matter- serious views/opinions. Spike Lee did a masterful job of taking all that and putting the fire out before it started. All the cast did a masterful job- and really fit their part ( hope they don't get typecasted!) It is a movie that each individual must reflect on ..Can't help it. Good movie - a have to see...

Based on a real life story of the first African American Police officer in Colorado Springs.
The Movie is both moving and powerful in its portrayal of events, interspersed with a touch of Comedy.
Just when you think you have been moved by the Movie , it blends in events from last year in Charlottesville,Virginia to show what was happening in the 1970s in terms of Race Wars, has manifested itself again.

This was a great and enjoyable film. Some strong performances and hilarious dialogue. The build up was done really well and one could say it was a good outcome in the end. It takes skill and good film making to take an issue and show it in an enjoyable, humorous and almost relatable manner. The part at the end showing real footage and tension really was juxtaposed to the film, too heavy, intense, sad and no one in the theatre made a sound. We all saw the last part with great discomfort. Other than that great film.8/10

I agree with all the accolades and the fact that this was a very poignant and timely film given the current status of race relations in America. But can someone please tell me, Why the hell was Nicholas Turturro cast in this movie? His character just didn't make sense! It upsets me when an otherwise perfectly cast movie makes such a blatant mistake in casting. Did someone not show up for work that day??? How does an obviously New York (accent) Hispanic get cast as a member or confidant to the KKK? Just wondering and Bewildered.....

Go see this movie, it's funny and serious and true

Movie BlacKkKlansman directed by Spike Lee focuses on more than 5 decades old happenings involving David Duke ( played very well by Topher Grace of the 70s show) and a whole group of whites. But what makes movie interesting is the exuberance and style of Ron Stallworth (extremely well done by John David Washington , son of Denzel Washington ). Ron is a black man and has confidence and sincerity of any hardworking , intelligent human. Ron can talk like a white American and can also talk like a Black americian from ghetto. Adam Driver as Flip Zimmerman is extremely good as a born Jew who has never really focused on his religion and always behaved like a white American. Ron is voice of a whiteman and Flip is face of white man Ron. The movie is hilarious. Movie BlacKkKlansman has humor of a Quentin Tarantino directed movie Django Unchained. The issue of race is sad and it is really nice to give a twist to racial differences . Even Chief Bridges (actor Robert John Burke) was very sincere in his talks to Ron Stallworth . Screenplay was excellent. Director Spike Lee did a great job and so did the Casting Director Kim Coleman. Enjoyed movie a lot.

Not a fan of Spike Lee movies but amazing performance from John David Washington and Adam Driver. It's a great movie that reminds us that nothing much has changed in when it comes to race and relations. A very powerful message deliver by Spike Lee.

This movie is promoted more like a spoof with comedic flare... NOT SO!!! This movie has all the elements of a TRUE OSCAR contender! Mark my words... "Adam Driver" I said it... "Best Supporting Actor"! "Spike Lee"... "Best Director"! and ofc "BlacKkKlansman"... "Best Picture"! Again I said it! lol 3 Oscar Nods!!!

This movie managed to generate interest all the way through, without the usual highs and lows you expect in a storytelling. Bravo!Brilliantly acted but also funny, sad, and brutal at times.The ending is particularly shocking. Not the movie ending but the real life clips after. I've never been so shocked watching anything on the big screen. The whole cinema was respectfully silent for a good 45 seconds.An entertaining watch with a powerful and immediate message.

Definitely one of the best movies of 2018.
I am going to watch it again!

Every single aspect of this movie is so well done that a more detailed review would just end up being redundant. Everything from the pacing to the acting to the cinematography to the story to the comedy to the message to the music to the editing (yeah, even the editing is fantastic) to the characters is awesome. I was entertained for the whole runtime. I mean, I didn't totally get why the bit with Alec Baldwin was there at the beginning, but after that it was great. The scenes on the phone are some of the funniest things I've ever seen. This movie uses some real footage from around last year, and its just depressing that this things are happening in this day and age. Even more so that a fight actually broke out at a showing at the theater I went to a few days before I saw the movie. Apparently someone was cheering on the white supremacists running over protesters. Honestly I'd be surprised if a fight didn't break out after something like that happened. Still a great movie though. I would highly recommend watching. If you see it while its still in theaters, be careful. You never know who else might be watching.

I probably wouldn't necessarily say that this is a challenging film, at least from my perspective, but then again being who I am I don't tend to face discrimination in the way that many people in the world, particularly minorities in developed countries, do. Yet it does amaze me that there are people out there that are so caught up in their own sense of self importance, and their own pride, that they are willing to denigrate others simply because they look, or even act, differently. In a way this isn't so much a film about how a coloured man over came prejudice to achieve greatness, but rather how he played the Klu Klux Klan for a bunch of fools.
 Basically he really wanted to become a cop, and was accepted into the police force, but relegated to the evidence room. Sure, he faced quite a bit of discrimination, and the questions that he was asked at the beginning of the film, when he was applying for the position, really did sound as if they were racially profiling him - yet I wonder whether an anglo would be asked exactly the same questions. Sometimes I wonder whether some people take offence at being asked certain character questions when in reality these questions are asked of everybody.
 Yet this isn't really the case here either, because he was accepted into the police force, and was even promoted to the rank of detective, even though it had a lot to do with him being able to infiltrate a meeting of the Black Panthers. Once again, one raises the question of whether this is also racial profiling, particularly since the Black Panther's were a militant group, and that while the Black Panthers are being investigated, the Klu Klux Klan is being left alone, or even having its existence denied.
 However, while the movie focuses on the African-Americans, this isn't necessarily the only minorities that they are targeting. It is just that they tend to be the most visible. In fact, anybody who doesn't have an Anglo-Saxon heritage is basically going to be targeted by these people. It doesn't matter whether you are a Jew, a Mexican, or an African American - these people basically do not want you around.
 So, it makes me wonder sometimes what makes them tick. I suspect it is a fear of those who happen to be different, or more so, it is a fear if them being excluded from society. Yet it does come down to a question of privilege, and in reality, us Anglo-Saxons tend to have much more privilege than many of the minorities (though not necessarily all of them, as is the case here in Australia). 
 Yeah, I actually though that this was a pretty good movie, and it certainly doesn't take the stance that 'all white people are bad'. The thing with out protagonist is that he doesn't hate the cops - he wants to be one. Sure, he was the first African-American officer in the Colorado Springs police department, but the interesting thing is that people ended up warming to him. Once they got to know him, they realised that not all African Americans are bad people (which is generally the attitude of a lot of people, particularly those that live in the white enclaves).
 The thing is that despite the belief that the police unfairly target African Americans, he still believes in the system, which puts him at odds with his girlfriend, who happens to by sympathetic towards the Black Panthers. Obviously, this puts them at odds with each other, and it is left hanging in the air as to what happened between them. Of course, this film was written in response to the rise of far right extremists, not just in the United States, but all over the world. Particularly with the events in Charlottesville where there were clashes between the extreme right and the extreme left. Yet it seems that many actors on the extreme right seem to get away with the crimes that they commit. Whether that is true or not, it is difficult to tell because there is so much obfuscation over the events. Yet the reality is that there does seem to be one narrative for an Anglo criminal, and another narrative for everybody else, and even then that isn't necessarily the case because the same Anglo-narrative also applies to other minorities as well. 
 It is certainly a film worth seeing, and I did find it quite challenging in places, and it does raise the question of whether much as actually changed over the years.

This movie was excellent from start to finish. I didn't know if this movie would be so good, but I enjoyed the movie a lot of how it tackled black issues and it gave you a good 70s field to the movie. John David Washington and Adam Driver really knocked it out of the park with the fantastic acting and team work. This provided great history lessons on Jesse Washington and the pain he went through and showed how the work against the KKK had to get deleted by the chief of police for some reason, but they felt the black nationalist groups were more dangerous than the KKK which is a shame. However, I did love how Spike Lee ended this movie with showing how times is America hasn't really changed at all and how we still have a long way to go. But all in all I loved this movie!

Don't run from it. Embrace it for the truth shall set you free.

Blackkklansman is a movie that portrays the racial differences in the country in the early 1970s and parallels the climate to what is going on today in subtle (and often not so subtle) ways. At times the story can be a little slow (movie is 2 hours and 15 minutes) but it never takes away from the message of the film. This film will leave you wondering how much we have really advanced as a country and as a society in the past 4 decades.

When this film came out I was reminded of my second semester of 7th grade at Horace Mann junior high in Colorado Springs 50 years ago. Martin Luther King was recently asssasinated. I'm sitting in class, home room, when this kid behind me said "they shot that nigger dead". Having just come from Los Angeles and an integrated school I was sad and shocked to hear him say that. Lee's film does a spot-on job of showing how stupid and dangerous racists are in this country. I also realized, later, that racism is learned and not something we're born with. The current administration is supporting these groups in an active way and this worries me. By the way, the fros and clothes were a delight to see.

First, Mr Lee has brilliantly woven a message that is in your face and ties it all together with dialogue that fits so smoothly into this picture as if it is was based in 2016-2018! The cast works to stay organic and believable to the humor as well as the clear and present danger of real racism and hatred nicely veiled behind Christianity. You will not come out of this movie the same and you can no longer say you didn't know!!! Spectacular work! Amazing cast and Mr Washington makes a great debate with Spike Lee and is as brilliant as his dad (Denzel) in his debut film with with Lee. Wow! Spike is so lucky to have Denzel and his son as lead actors in his filmmaking careers! Pure genius and storytelling in your face with truth. I am telling everyone to go see. It's so deep you can't possibly not be WOKE!

Thank you, Spike Lee. Your film should be required viewing for ages 0 to 100 and not just by Americans. From Birth of a Nation to Harry Belafonte's unforgettable story, from the very real David Duke to the all too real Donald Trump, from yesterday to today, you have given us a vision that must be studied in order for tomorrow to be any better. And that vision has to do with not only your identity as a Black director but also your identity as a human being and true artist.
" If not now, when"? This challenge (from a Jewish source) is what elevates your film to rise above an entertainment and achieve the status of art. One leaves the theater, enters the real world and can only be moved to a altered perception by the viewing experience. Any American history teacher on the planet should urge his/her students to open their eyes, ears, minds and hearts and learn from your masterpiece. Thank you.

A must see! Doesn't matter what walks of life you come from....Black..white...pink or yellow! It will evoke some emotions.

Spike Lee hits a home run with this film. From beginning to end I was not able to take my eyes from the screen. Alec Baldwin starts things off as a red neck lecturing his base with warnings of integration in the USA. A black undercover cop first infiltrates the Black Panthers at a lecture by Stokely Carmichael. He then takes the initiative to contact the KKK by phone, posing as a white man. He uses a fellow officer to meet face to face with the racists. Historical footage, from the high school at Little Rock to scenes from Birth of a Nation are used. The tweeting king president is also a part of the proceedings. Spike has nailed it with Black KKKlansman and it is the best movie of the year.

My Movietown companion Cole is a Spike Lee fanatic. Not only has he seen all the venerable director's major motion pictures, he's also seen his stand-up films, documentaries, and specials, rarely giving any of them less than a stellar review. Therefore, I usually defer to him when it comes to Lee joints. However, for whatever it's worth, coming from a Spike Lee noob like myself, BlacKkKlansman is a bonafide masterpiece that will remind anyone who needs it that Lee is a certified genius of kinetic and alarming filmmaking. 
Telling the 70's story of a black cop who goes undercover to infiltrate the KKK, it seems to be a perfect fit for Lee's prolific 30-year career. It's a ridiculous story used to make a point about the black experience in America, bolstered by the fact that it all actually happened. The mixture of hyper-blaxploitation-style, insane reality and deft comedy begs comparisons to late-20th century classics like Goodfellas, not to mention the endless number of memorable scenes, bold performances, and strong language. Undercover cop lie detector scene? Tensely paced. Alec Baldwin racist-speech opening? Striking and uncomfortably funny. Black College Society speech? Movingly edited and uniquely beautiful. 
It holds together (with shocking and appreciated entertainment value) to show the dangerously powerful influence of popular media on personal beliefs and the complex nature of systemic racism. Never one to hide his point, Lee draws straight, dark lines from this story to our modern political world, which will inevitably split attentive audiences down the middle; but regardless of individual leanings, there's no denying that BlacKkKlansman is a stressful, sobering and powerful true-life good-time.

Based mostly on the powerful true story of Colorado Detective Ron Stallworth (for fact vs artistic license incidents read article on Slate.
This movie should be seen by all non-haters for two reasons 1) know your history 2) it is powerful & liberating. For all those who think that America has always been nice and equal they should be "woke" and see this movie. For more insight into America's African American & Japanese civi rights events that contain actual interviews from PBS/Blackside's "Eye On The Prize" & listen to NPR podcasts "Buried Truths" & American Public Media's Internment "Order 9066"

Film Review: BlacKkKlansman. Director Spike Lee ("Malcolm X") returns to the big screen with a current look back at the 1970's emergence of the Ku Kluk Klan. Enter rookie black Colorado Springs cop Ron Stallworth (the charming and self driven John David Washington - son of Denzel Washington), who is brought on to the force because he can talk "normal" and "jive". When an opportunity to spy on visiting revolutionary Kwame Ture (the empowering Corey Hawkins "Straight out of Compton), Ron begins his infiltration into the both the black empowerment movement and the Ku Klux Klan, eventually meeting its leader David Duke (portrayed convincing enough by Topher Grace "That 70's Show"). Linking him to both groups are the strong-fast President of the Movement Patrice Dumas (Laura Harrie ""Spider-Man: Homecoming"), and Klan's men Walter (Ryan Eggold "New Amsterdam" TV), wild man Feliz (Jasper Paakkone "Vikings" TV), his bubbly wife Connie (the terrific Ashlie Atkinson "Crashing" TV), and goof-ball scene stiller Ivanhoe (Paul Walter Hauser " I, Toyna"). Reluctantly at Ron's side are fellow officers Flip (one of the hardest working actors Adam Driver "Girls") and Jimmy ("Blended's" Michael Buscemi - brother of Steve Buscemi), both who learn a lot from their involvement. While Lee's presentation is a bit stagey throughout, especially the opening informercial by Dr. Beauregard (an out of place Alec Baldwin) and the various floating faces during Ture's speech, it does help to establish the time, place and feel of the 1970's community. As usual, Lee has a lot to say about "the day" and today, creatively interjecting current political climate catch phrases like "Make America Great Again" to establish his point that we haven't advanced very far as a society. Lee interjects this association at just the right time in the film, making the films final moments coincide with footage from the recent Charlottesville White Nationalist Rally that stuns the viewing audience into silence. If nothing else, the last few minutes of "BlacKkKlansman" says it all.

Good movie.. kind of long but very well done. Definitely have to have an open mind while watching this movie.

They must be running out of ideas for good movies, cause this was a dumb one.From the trailers I expected a mediocre police comedy.But it was everything but funny.There was even some kind of musical dance scene.2 thumbs down.

This movie, please go watch. Great actors, great story and a little bit of comedy here and there. The ending was stunning. You could hear a pin drop. It was pure silence and it was so touching I was starting to tear up. An incredible achievement in cinema. My favourite movie of 2018 thus far.

BLACKKKLANSMAN is Very Good if you like political think-pieces & undercover cop thrillers. The plot is exciting. Denzel Jr. and Kylo Ren bring their A-Game. Its jokes are funny & very necessary to relieve the Marty-McFly-HEAVY levels of tension. This Spike Lee Joint is Hard to hit at times, & doesn't let up. Don't watch this if you're easily Triggered by racial epithets, because every one in the playbook makes an appearance. Yes, that one...That one too...Uh-huh, and THAT one. So many in fact, they eventually become white noise, devoid of their shock factor, & played for laughs. 
Though Left-leaning, with subtle jabs at President Trump, its message is still important for all Americans. Klansman illustrates how hate comes in All colors, and only by working together can we bring an end to the Cycle of Hate. You leave the theater hopeful, yet troubled by our country's racial hang-ups. There is brief newsreel footage right before the credits, but nothing after. You'll be discussing this one with friends and family for a while after. I give this joint a "Can't We Just Get Along?" rating.

First of all I want to say thank you Mr Lee for bringing us such a fun movie with a great cast a great story and some great live action footage you have given us a fun thrill ride we will never forget. The political message that the film gives is that People such as David Duke, Donald Trump and the rest of the Klu Klux Klan are nothing but s**t heads and Ron Stallworth can be there to DO THE RIGHT THING and expose them and show the world how terrible they are.
Plus the film has got some great humour not often found in the genre.

I love that this film is based on a true story. Spike Lee seamlessly ties In today's political landscape with gentle care. A must see .

Left after de break! Dont know why this gets such an high rating. Boring , not funny and totally misses everything a good movie should have. Shame

A wonderful well thought out and powerful movie. Spot on acting, tight direction and perfect music.

I saw this film last night and I too have never writtten a review on IMDb and felt it was a good time to write one. The importance of this film and what the message is - can't be downplayed. How Lee began and ended this film, just makes me feel so Blue about what is going on in America and I just can't belive people are okay with it. Especially edited against this Story of a back drop of the 70's. Thank goodness for people like Spike Lee showing the world what White Privlege is - a privilege. Well done. Please watch please support please give 10 stars.

Spike Lee gets his shots in at the Klan in this lumbering repetitive tale of a black detective infiltrating the organization in BlacKkKlansman. One shot however is in his foot as he exposes himself for what he condemns.
Dan Stallworth is hired by the mostly lily white Colorado Springs Police Department where he chafes at the smug bias of officers in the records room. He requests a switch to detectives where he is given assignments to infiltrate the Black Panthers and KKK which finds him a love interest and getting up close with grand wizard David Duke, acting as his bodyguard during a visit. Eventually the dim witted Klan members put things together and plan a big hurt for Stallworth and his politically woke squeeze.
Poorly paced, haphazardly edited, Lee loosely attaches the plots of his storyline together without much rhythm or energy, his players (with the exception of some of his moronic goobers) lifeless dullards of sober demeanor that make every pregnant pause overdue. The entire cast looks like it could use some rest.
There are attempts by Lee to be au courant hip (it's Saturday Night's Live's Alec Baldwin! And how bout that title? ) and address today's racial tension with current news footage perhaps attempt to elevate this banal film's gravitas. But it cannot hide Lee's lifelong problem with pacing, packed on mostly with insipid dialogue and sermonizing displayed in abundance here with Lee's heavy handed juxtaposition.Most revealing is Spike's handling of scenes from Birth of a Nation with its vile representation of virulent racist black faced northern pillagers. Given the absolute clueless imbeciles of the Klan and the casual bigotry of the boys in blue he presents in his film one might suggest Mr. Griffith has taught him well. A shame DW's artistic style never rubbed off on him. BlackkKlansman is a rambling bore.

A superheavy topic filmed in a supereasy way that everyone must understand. laughed all the way through and then cried at the end of it.

The last Spike Lee movie I last saw at the movies was 'Inside Man' and I enjoyed that. However BK takes me back to Spikes early movies like DTRT and JF as this is full of fire. It's also quite sad in that when Kwame Toure was giving his talk back in the early 70's it didn't feel out of place today in America. The only thing missing is a new Kwame Toure. There are many pointers in the film to where America is today. However the scene with Harry Belafonte was chilling as it was an actual occurrence. Finally the real life footage of what happened in Charlotteville in 2017 sends the audience into complete silence.Spike your work here is done.

BlacKkKlansman is a well paced, fun yet emotional masterpiece. There is a perfect balance between comedy and drama. The use of parallel editing is masterfully executed and the acting is just phenomenal. This film should definitely be on every cinemagoers watchlist. BlacKkKlansman is shaping up to be one of this years greatest movies receiving a perfect 10/10 score from me.

Waste of money and talent. Do yourself a favour and give this one a miss!

This movie is a must see for people of all races and backgrounds. Black Klansman presented various perspectives with a fresh pair of eyes. Uncomfortable topics were covered from hindsight that are just as relevant today as they were then; race relations, police relations, mindsets of individuals and organizations. The movie was humorous at times yet at other times very uncomfortable.John David Washington has fine tuned his craft as an actor. He inherited his father's (Denzel's) good looks AND his ability to draw you into his world from the very first scene. Spike Lee & Jordan Peele are to be commended for an outstanding film that will probably become a classic. There will be conversations sparked by this film now and in years to come. Outstanding!

If you see any movie in 2018 (OR FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!), GO SEE THIS FILM! #Charlottesville #KKK #TheWacoHorror #JesseWashington #TrueStory

I think the film really has a lot of potential. The characters are really good actors, the story is inspired by real facts so it becomes even more interesting . Tere is research at the level of historical references and the recent images of the Charlottesville riots, shown at the end make a very good conclusion and leave us speachless, bringing us back the tragic events. The only negative point for me is humour, sometimes a bit excessive and often caricatural but it does not change the fact that this film is a hit. It's very compelling and moving because Ron Stallworth falls in love with Patrice. In addition, the reconstruction of the 70's is very well done with clothes, catchy music, haircuts, especially cars ! I rate the film 8 of 10!

This film is really moving because it is based on a true story. Spike Lee is such an amazing film director and once again he did a really good job! His movie is between a comedy and a thriller. I mean here that he talked about the problems of racism in the USA but with a lot of humour and that's a good point.
Let's talk about the story. Spike Lee, in his movie speaks about a secret organisation named the Ku Klux Klan who's a racist organisation who want to exterminate all black and jewish people, all the people who aren't white American. To stop the KKK, a black policeman, Ron Stallworth, will infiltrate the KKK with someone else inside the police who's jewish. Kind of funny don't you think?
Throughout the film we will ask ourselves how will they arrived to arrest them without being unmasked.
Now let's talk more about the cast. Here again Spike Lee did such an amazing job. All actors are good. Every single actor is performing well. John David Washington as Ron Stallworth is, for me, a really good revelation. This movie is certainly at the top of my list of good movies.
I don't have any other words to say except: don't miss it!

Hello, today I am going to write about the film blackkklansman, which was directed by Spike Lee, a famous film director. I had never seen a Spike Lee movie before, but I knew his name thanks to Télérama. So let's talk about the film. To me, this fascinating film is very good way to send a message about racism in the USA. First of all, the actors are talented and they make this film very funny. I already knew John David Washington as East in The Walking Dead show, but he impressed me as Ron Stallworth. I also liked the actor game of Adam driver as Flip who was a very interesting character. In short, the cast of this film is excellent. I really like this kind of story because to me, racism is one of the worst crime in the world and I didn't know a lot of things about the Ku Klux Klan. To me this film that has only one defect: the Love Story between Ron and Patrice. I think that it cut the rhythm of the film. Except that's point, don't miss blackkklansman( the end will you make Thrill)

Good flow, highly topical, deeply moral, strikingly scary, smartly funny. 10/10

I'm not a Spike Lee fan, necessarily. This movie has given me a reason to become one. What I liked most about this movie, other than the imaginative title, is that Spike Lee shows that there is also camaraderie between black and white, something that is very true in real life, but unfortunately that doesn't make the news headlines. And this is back in the 70's! I was pleasantly surprised to see a movie that showed that. Granted it must have been a part of Ron Stallworth's experience, but nonetheless, I appreciate that Spike Lee appropriately focused on it. The movie itself was entertaining, funny and moving. John David Washington did a great job portraying Stallworth. And I loved Adam Driver's character. He's turning out to be one of my fav actors.With all the hassles of "racism" in today's America, I loved that this movie showed one man's story of courage, imagination and success assisted, helped and applauded by his workmates...regardless of his or their color. Bravo to Spike Lee. This is also a part of real life.

If you have a heart you will leave this movie in tears. It is a stunning piece with a powerful tension to it and it will make you see that the America we have today is the America we always had. Our Racist President* and the Nazi's parading about are not new they are merely the face of America's vile history finally unmasked.

The story of the movie is very good, but the way it was filmed was disturbing!
I think the screenwriter / director has scored the film down by way of presenting the whole story....The way it was filmed and put it all together!
The movie gives me the impression that it was made by an amateur or debutant director.I totally agree that we do not have to judge people by appearance or color of the skin.
We are unique in our own way.
You don't fight racism with racism, the best way to fight racism is with solidarity.

Go see it. Spike Lee crafted this mastery of multi-narritive storytelling. He'll tell you what it's all about.

I feel compelled to write a review here. I feel sad after leaving the theatre. Sad for the negative feelings that Mr Lee has in heart. Sad, that in a time in this world that craves calm and love, the overwhelming vibe from this film is fear and division. I pray for better vibes. I pray for people of all backgrounds, of all looks, of all faiths or none, that we unite under love.

Made just to drive the black empowerment movement forward.
No redeeming value here, other than a backslap from an echo chamber of yes-men.

For a movie in the "Biography, Crime, Drama" genre that is based on real events, this was a major dud. Sure, they said it was loosely based on real events, but if that were the case, why not make it more interesting instead of the overlong, pointless snoozefest this really was. It was just crammed with hipster Blacks and racist Whites. And to top it off, it also won an Oscar for the Best Adapted Screenplay? What the hell were the Academy members smoking while they voted for this movie?Don't you get it, making a movie on Black power or White power is not going to help ease the divide that exists in our society today. The answer to a White Trump is not a Black Trump!It felt like this whole movie was made just to show those clips from 2017 at the end to emphasize that Blacks are still being subjugated to gross mistreatment and that there are some Whites who die for the Blacks now. *sigh* There are offenders on both sides of the wall, Mr. Spike Lee. Please stop trying to add fuel to a fire that doesn't really exist; you're only making it worse.3/10

This film is a masterpiece, not in what it tells us about the KKK and the fact that white supremacists are nothing but neo-Nazis and neo-KKKlanners. We know all that. But it shows how racism is ingrained in American "culture", meaning "white culture" so deep that it will never be able to drop out completely. At the same time the film is just as clear as crystal about the fact that this racism, I mean anti-black racism, is just so ingrained in American "black culture" that it will never be able to be eradicated. Racism in white culture is about blacks being apes, chimpanzees, and gorillas, the impossibility to be truly free and superior as the white race as long as these black monsters will exist. The same racism in black culture is the belief that blacks are inferior and will never be equal, that they have to be subservient, obedient and submissive to the superiority of the whites, in short, that blacks are not even half human, they just are not human at all. Live with these two racisms when you are a black man in the white society of the USA.The second thing you will love is that the language of the KKK in the 70s under Nixon is exactly the same as that of the white supremacists of Charlottesville, 2017. It centers on "America first," "make America great again," "USA first" and other ridiculous self-centered and self-locked-up white blindness about the world today and the future of today, not of a century ago, and even a century ago such motto would be absurd.For the younger generation, it is a good way to discover what the Civil War was, from the Confederate side, what racism and segregation were all along till even today. The film is yet rather tame on the lynching episode. We get words, a description, and two or three black and white images, but the lynching itself is not shown like the cavalcade of Southern Klanners riding on their horses across the city and capture the black man they had decided to broil, grill, dismember, disembowel and hang, burn plus a few other things tonight. I guess that is not possible on a film from Hollywood if the film does not want to be X-rated.But what's left after that? A vision of the rhetoric of the Black Panthers via Stokely Carmichael, aka Kwame Ture, two or three mentions of Angela Davis (who I met in 1973 in Davis California), some development on the black revolution that was announced by the Black Panther Party leaders at the time, a small book entitled "Black is Beautiful" going along with the mirror image of it under the title of "White is beautiful." The same way White Power is asserted by the KKK and just in continuation of it Black Power is asserted by the BPP. Things have changed even if some nostalgic people want to bring back those old days that have normally been buried with the defeat in Vietnam and subsequent decades. If you do not believe it has, just listen to Barack Obama in Obama ANTI-TRUMP Speech at EXPLOSIVE Rally in Gary, Indiana, on YouTube. Things have changed because no matter what the white nationalists and white supremacists lost in the bogs of nostalgia may think, the 44th president of the USA was black and he was in the White House from 2009 to 2017. That has changed the texture of the USA and that new texture cannot be changed, even by the worst liar of any timeBut keep in mind the KKK shown in this film is at the end of its existence, of its lifespan. Other films about what it was in the 1950s and 1960s like Mississippi Burning would show the real horror of what it was then before the Civil Rights movement led by Martin Luther King marched onto Washington DC. That was the nightmare that prompted the dream of MLK and that dream was also the American dream, even if slightly more colorful than the traditional dream of White Anglo-Saxon Protestant supremacists who were and still are now and then aggressive hornets more than plain domestic wasps.Enjoy the vision of the nightmare made scary again in Charlottesville.Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU

BLACKKKLANSMAN (2018) *** 1/2 John David Washington, Adam Driver, Robert John Burke, Frederick Weller, Michael Buscemi, Laura Harrier, Topher Grace, Ryan Eggold, Jasper Paakkonen, Paul Walter Hauser, Ashlie Atkinsonm, Harry Belafonte, Alec Baldwin. Spike Lee's truth is stranger than fiction account of the true-life story about a black rookie cop (Washington) who spearheads the investigation of the Ku Klux Klan by disguising his identity as a white supremacist and manages to have his partner Driver infiltrate the local chapter of Colorado Springs, Colorado. Strong acting, firm direction and a steady screenplay guides the film along swimmingly and proves to be one of Lee's best pictures in years.

Blackkklansman strongly depicts what was and still is wrong with america and the ideologies many still believe in.

After a very stale and political year, as far as cinema goes, this political film is very refreshing and is exactly what America needs. The film steers clear of hate and instead focuses on the main theme...and tagline of the movie "all power to all the people". I'll be perfectly honest and say I was not expecting such a good movie as I'm not big into Spike Lee Pros:
-The film has an exceptional amount of comedy. Just enough to keep you laughing, but not so much that it takes away from the story. -You will feel for the characters. They are very strongly developed. -The cinematography and colors are beautiful. Very soft to look at -The story has a fantastic message-I can see this movie being popular for years to come. Cons:
-Some of the dialogue seems very forced. -Choppy editing at some points -1 extremely noticable continuity error-The last scene in the movie (if you can call it part of the movie) should cut completely. While it has significant impact on audiences today, it will struggle to find any impact 10 years from now.

I was expecting a comedy, which it is not. I expected a realistic portrayal of events, which seems unlikely. The fact that Stallworth should continue to converse on the phone when it clearly puts the white officer in danger seems ludicrous. And then we end up with unadulterated politicising by linking it to the Charlottesville disaster and effectively taking a swipe at Trump.
And it wasn't even funny, not even a snigger.

Watch it!
Listed as a drama but a lot of 'comedy' in it.
Story made me a little sick to think this could really happen...and then sad that it could really happen

I don't generally liked Spike Lee films; I find them often overstuffed and inaccessible. They come across to me as if Lee is trying to say too many things at once.However, BlacKkKlansman (while still having these features) is easily my favorite film by Lee and I hope it does very well on the award circuit. The screenplay's handling of the story is 2018 in its tragicomic tone. There are a ton of scenes that I swear I am going to laugh the next time I watch instead of crying this time. It brilliantly leaves a lot of tensions unresolved about how people should respond to systemic racism. Lee's visual flourishes work for once and the (mild spoiler) Birth of the Nation/Lynching story scene is some of the best editing I have seen since ROTK's Charge of Faramir. That sequence captures the damnable interplay of rhetoric/media and systemic racism perfectly.Washington gives quite an understated performance that I think really works ironically for the tone of the film. Driver is just memorizing as Flip. But to me the real standout is Topher Grace as David Duke. I don't know if if it is casting or acting but that choice and performance is 2018 in a nutshell. Tragicomic made flesh.Everyone should see this film. That ending is a gut punch.

It's so realistic and accurate to my everyday life and I can relate as a person of color myself. David Duke is literally evil and good always wins over that which is why I love this real life movie.

BlackkKlansman is one of Spike Lee's best movies in years, and I would say up there with Eighth Grade as one of the best movies of the summer of 2018. John David Washington and Adam Driver carry this movie. This movie is immaculately and creatively shot. The script is all at once funny, tense, romantic, sobering, and it ends on a great call to action.

Spike Lee has made one hell of a film. Funny and unbelievably tragic at the same time. It's a period piece but unfortunately rings too many bells just lately

This is such a well-crafted Spike Lee effort and feels as polished as anything he has created over the last decade. The wonderfully quirky story of a fresh young black police officer infiltrating the cocooned world of the local Klan and humiliating its hierarchy is told through such panache. Wonderful acting and a cracking soundtrack brings each scene alive and all references to black culture and the civil rights struggle are delivered with such poignancy, humour and at times with such powerful lines that the overall effect is like watching a wondrous creation by a masterful auteur. Of course the symbolism of Charlottesville and Trump's pandering to the alt-right makes it a very contemporary film, but even without that Lee is a class above all other retelling of the black struggles that have come out in cinema over the last few years.

All I can say is wow. This movie was honestly one of the few movies I saw this year that left me amazed. The main character truly is the middle ground in the war between white racists and black powered groups, and Mr. Washington does an amazing job portraying the main character. Thus far it is my favorite film of the year, and I recommend it highly. It is not perfect, but it certainly leaves you thinking! 9/10

As the first review I've ever written, this movie made me want to share how powerful and well written it was.
Although the plot is relatively ordinary with the undercover cop scenario, it includes uses of humor and circumstantial irony that makes the audience so engaged. It captures racial injustice that will leave you furious as you have to sit and watch the injustice occur, but it will also leave you leaping with joy when justice has been served. And although the film does discuss racial injustice, it doesn't make all the white characters unlikable as many of the cops were supportive of Washington and his cause. The producer doesn't narrowly point to the discrimination of blacks, as he brings into light antisemitism among the extremist members. 
There is so much to think about after watching this movie. The movie does end with footage of the riots in Virginia in 2017. Some may find this unappealing, but it is one of the major themes to the movie, that this sort of extremism is still existent today in the United States. 
I would have given this a 10 star rating, but the filmography style wasn't particularly my favorite, although it was effective for film.So yeah, definitely recommend. I will probably watch this thirty more times.

I'm 17 rn and as a gift I got to go see one R-rated film in theaters as a gift. This might sound not as good of a gift but to me I was excited because I chose this film as my first R-Rated film I wanted to see in theaters. My birthday was in May so I did have to wait, but I was okay with it. When I watched the film in theaters, I came out of the theater in shock and awe from how amazing it was. From the story to the humor to the method that Ron Stallworth used to take down the KKK. Even though I thought this movie was the best, it did leave me with some questions about some small details like who is Adam Driver's character based off of if he isn't a character created only for the film and if it was that easy for Ron to Fool David Duke into believing that Adam Driver's character is the same person on the phone. Despite all that, this movie is funny in a dark kind of way.

So much truth with great humor. A real mastetpiece.

Lead by exceptional directing and outstanding acting, BlacKkKlansman exposes a deep faction that is still present in America. Make no mistake about it, this is a movie about present day America just as much as the time period it is set in.

Really tried to get in to this but found myself really bored by it and tuning out completely..waste of time. dont bother

I have to say that the poor filmmaking was compounded by a weak political statement to finish.

Great movie so I'm not going to spoil it. The ending was powerful!

This movie is very eye opening and definitely worth supporting. This is what real film should do - educate and move people. And I'm glad Hollywood is putting more and more movies out like this. As a white woman I believe that I was never fully exposed to the true civil rights movement and exactly what African Americans have endured in our country. I was raised in the Deep South, but taught to not see race. Unfortunately however too much of our history is written on a G rated level. Our history isn't a G rated film. That narrative is not what this country needs. And this history is doomed to repeat itself if we aren't exposed to the truth of our country's heritage. I'm very grateful to have seen this film and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.A warning though: this movie is absolutely sold as a comedy, but this is not a comedy. It has some amazing comedic moments! But those moments are there to help you swallow the pill this movie is.

When I first saw the trailer for this movie I was pleasently surprised. The movie appeared to have a lot of life to it and at the heart a great chemistry between John David Washington and Adam Driver, both of whom I am huge fans of. Unfortunately, this movie was a really disappointing film that buried a really engaging story into a piece of propaganda with the intention of turning blacks against whites.I gave this movie a decent rating because the strong parts are great, but we didn't get enough of them. As expected, Driver and Washington's chemistry was top notch, making me think and laugh time and time again. Even the side characters such as the other members of the police department added a fun, comedic element to the movie. The investigation was down well, but not enough of the focus was on it. Spike Lee took a really interesting story that I had never heard before and surrounded it with plain old bias.My political views aside, all audience members, black, white... Christian, Muslim... Liberal or Conservative... should be able to join together at the movies to enjoy a film. However, as a white male, I felt like I shouldn't have been in the theater and no movie should make its audience feel that way. Film is an art and a form of expression, but it is also something that people are meant to enjoy and cherish with others. This film fails to capture all audiences but one. Multiple political jokes and nods against the current administration in a movie set in the 70s felt jarring and took me out of it. Not to mention the forced propaganda placed at the end of the film, which did everything but straight up encourage a race war. I wanted to love this movie. To me it doesn't matter what color skin or what religion an actor or actors is when determine which movies I see. All that matters is the story and this film had a good one, but other factors bring it down.

The movie was great. It made very important points about racism in America and have very far we haven't come since the 70s. My only criticism, and this is big, is that the last moments of the movie should have been a screen filled with the word "VOTE."

B+ THIS FILM IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: An important film about race relations, then and now.JIM'S REVIEW: Spike Lee's scathing indictment of civil unrest, BlacKkKlansman takes place in another time, the mid-seventies, but it is far from a period drama. Directed with unabashed anger and expert filmmaking skill, this wake-up call to America relates its true story of two undercover cops who infiltrate the KKK to expose their criminal activities. But it doesn't remain lost in the seventies as it equates then to now, both in words, archival footage, and recent contemporary events that pave the way to more disgraceful behavior and moral offenses. (It is no coincidence that the film is being released on the first anniversary of the Charlottesville Virginia protest against white supremacist groups that resulted in 35 injuries and the death of Heather Heyer. That fact becomes part of this epic story too.)The director addresses the prejudice long found in our society through the use of Hollywood early cinema. There is a bit of a disconnect with its prologue, Victor Fleming's 1939's Gone With the Wind (with its iconic shot of Confederate soldiers lay dying on the streets of Atlanta) before the film's central plot begins. As the film progresses, Mr. Lee connects the dots with past sins and present ones. He hurls his rage later on with the inclusion of D.H. Griffith's 1915 Birth of a Nation to maximum effect. Spike Lee's screenplay, co-written by the director and David Rabinowitz, Charlie Wachtel and Kevin Wilmott, chronicles its stranger-than-fiction tale of a black rookie police officer, Ron Stallworth (John David Washington), and his personal awakening to "white hate". His on-the-job experience leads him to a meeting of two extremist groups, Black Power activists and the Knights of Ku Klux Klan. Going undercover with the former group is no problem for Ron, but he must enlist the aid of a white Jewish officer, Flip Zimmerman (Adam Driver), to take over his identity in order to impersonate him and insinuate himself into the latter group. All this leads up to a meeting with Grand Wizard David Dukes (Topher Grace) and exposing these abhorrent hate-mongers and their terrorism. Mr. Lee's films always are concerned with righting wrongs. Unafraid to call out racial prejudice, xenophobia, anti-semitism, and homophobia, his cinematic statements (or as he calls them "joints") deal with current issues and our continued repeating of past mistakes. Some critics call it propaganda, I call it passion and a voice to be heard. This is grandiose filmmaking, ambitious in its epic undertaking and overstuffed with multiple storylines and stark imagery. In fact, Mr. Lee does take some liberties with actual facts in the real life events of Det. Stallworth's story and his tone of the film shifts dramatically in its mood swing into occasionally dark satire to convey the irony and cruelty of the human condition. Borderline outrageous, the chain of events almost becomes a crazy quilt of America's bigotry with images and narrative absurdly colliding against each other, resembling a dated blaxploitation movie of that era. The film is manipulative and heavy-handed in some portions, but it is mostly powerful and disturbing in its content.He cast his film with actors who are so physical right for their roles which gives an immediate authenticity to the film. Laura Harrier, Ryan Eggold, Paul Walter Hauser, Corey Hawkins,, Nicholas Turturro, and Harry Belafonte are especially fine in their parts. Most effective are Mr. Grace as the KKK leader, Jasper Pääkkönen as one of his henchman and Ashlie Atkinson who plays his white supremacist wife, Connie, delivering the menace and bile extremely well. But the core of the film is the relationship between the two detectives and both Mr. Washington and Mr. Driver are excellent. They imbue a real chemistry together. Alec Baldwin brings strong support playing against type in a role that forms a fascinating paradox with his common persona.There are major set pieces that impress with the director's free-ranging style. Very notable is his trademark crosscutting of contrasting scenes with the Klansmen and their families viewing the Griffith film in rapturous attention and chanting "white power" while in another part of the city, black students listen in awe to a lecture about the senseless murder of an innocent black man as they shout "black power". The variance between the two groups is startling. Never one to shy away from making a political statement or two, Mr. Lee uses intense documentary imagery in his film's climax to hold our president personally responsible for the hatred and polarized climate in our splintered nation.Production values are strong throughout with special mention to Chayse Irvin's lush cinematography and Barry Alexander Brown's skillful editing. Terrence Blanchard provides the musical soundtrack with carefully selected songs of the era to comment on and advance the action.BlackkKlansman is an important film that needs to be seen and heard. It uses historical fact-based incidents in its savage exposé of racial intolerance. It is one of Mr. Lee's finest achievements and one of the year's best films.And, yes, despite (or because of) the blind ignorance of the 2013 Supreme Court's 5-4 ruling stripping away key elements of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and our present-day 45th United States political leader's sanctioned bigotry, racism is still alive and doing quite well.

Here's the thing: it is possible for me to say that this movie works, that this Spike Lee joint is his best in years, that it is both funny and powerful...but still think it could have been a little better. That's where I am. The movie's great as a broadly comedic satire with a political edge, and its many homages to film (from blaxploitation to D.W. Griffith) feel on point and at home here. More importantly, Lee brilliantly leverages a 1970s tale to shine a light on what's happening around us right now. So what could be better? Well, that light is REALLY bright. This is not a subtle political satire. At all. Typical Spike, basically. Also, the plot's pacing leaves something to be desired. And the characters sometimes seem a bit less than real. In fact, it is kind of funny that a movie inspired by a true story is most challenged by a lack of realism. But there you are. Still, Lee adapts this tale brilliantly. It is funny and exciting and insightful, especially as an examination of self identity. Just because it is flawed doesn't mean it isn't great.

My friend literally fell asleep in the theater and i almost did too

"Show don't tell" has never been spike's strong suit. This movie is basically a series of scenes where characters walk or sit and explain why they are going to do something or what's going to happen next or how they feel. It overly relies on movie tropes and stereotypes, has many many errors in the screenplay and the internal logic of the film, unresolved plot lines, and overall sloppy and confused messaging. OH yeah and he using DUTCH ANGLES(!) to show his protagonists skewed position in reality! That's been trite and made fun of in comedies for 30 years. Such sloppy and cheap film making. But the story is really good, if only they could've gotten better screenwriters/cinematographer/script supervisors. And the score is one piece of music played about 18 times and there's a song that's from 2006 in the film that characters are supposed to be listening to on the radio, as if we can't tell it's not from the 70's.

So, when the first black speech scene started I began to worry about being about to watch a film that was going to feel unrealistic and shallow. And it was. None of it felt professional or smart. How on earth are people supposed to believe that they can talk on the phone with someone and in person with a different man for months and not tell the difference? Not even actors can achieve that, but these cops pulled it through? It seems that in Spike Lee's imaginary world people can't put 2 and 2 together. That happened with every storyline in the film. Even with all the mistakes the cops make in their case, no one finds out it's all a mission. The characters didn't feel believable either.However, my biggest problem with the film is that so many interesting storylines never went anywhere. What was the point of the first Alec Baldwin part? How did it connect with the story? Never got resolved. The guy started working in the files, but he got nothing from that experience. He was a cop lying to a girl he was going to fall in love with, but the conflict never went anywhere, they never discovered enything interesting or relevant from one another. That relationship in fact happened too easily and with no conflict in spite of all the lies it was built on. What was the point of showing Flip's exceptional shooting skills? Never used that for anything. The racist cop went to jail for being a jerk? And got discovered in a party where everyone was wired in a bar? Come on! The KKK local director stepped off the post for what reason? The post was just left empty? Why did Rob and the National Director of KKK become such good friends and why did he admire Rob when he never said anything too smart or did anything special for him? So is this story about little butter muffin or whatever the kid's name was supposed to mean he was that kid himself? His dad told him he couldn't play with the black kid. Not a great story, really. All the parts where you were expecting closure or surprise or any sort of wit, never went anywhere.In general, the film doesn't add anything to what people think of the KKK or the black struggle of the... 70s (?)... What can one learn about the film? It shows the racist to be irrelevant and stupid, so why are they a threat to society, if all they do is meet at the bar and use the N word 100 times. The film missed the chance to show a real deep problem with racism.As a political critique, this film embarrasses itself with nonsense stories and jokes that seem to be made by highschool students. I gave it 2 stars because of the amount of money they spent. Even the music was disappointing for a supposed ode to blackness.

If your obsessed with race and identity politics, you may like this feature. But if you were hoping for another Malcolm X, you'll be sorely disappointed. Sad to see a film maker degrade himself to this level. Spike has not only drank the Kool Aid, he's serving it out in buckets and he seems to be the authority on race relations in America so it's probably not wise to criticize him. After all, I've only lived in America longer than he has.

. . . that is, instigating a full-scale American Race War, is likely now in our near future, thanks to BLACKKKLANSMAN. Such is the Power of Cinema. Just as "Adolph Hitler's" personal cinematographer--"Leni Riefenstahl"--won an Oscar and started World War Two with her riveting flick TRIUMPH OF THE WILL, the BLACKKKLANSMAN filmmakers are guilty of using the same sort of mean-spirited, highly-selective Tunnel Vision to cherry pick a few incendiary generalizations and events from the distant past with the apparent goal of riling up Hate, and promoting the biggest possible Ruckus. People will be debating whether ANY AND EVERY incident of Urban Violence can be laid at BLACKKKLANSMAN's doorstep for decades to come. (I was passing through stressed-out Detroit, which is still trying to recover from its 1967-68 Race Riots, when BLACKKKLANSMAN came out. Since none of the suburban theaters on my itinerary--those multiple-screen Big Box Bijous catering to diverse audiences--would touch this flick with a 16-foot pole, I was forced to drive almost to EIGHT MILE road for my undercover viewing in a sector which the local newspaper pegs at a 98% Urban demographic.) BLACKKKLANSMAN ends with an upside-down U.S. flag, which morphs into a monochromatic Stars & Stripes, the universal signal for launching Dallas-style attacks on Civil Order and our valiant Peacekeepers. "Nuff said.

Boring as hell .With big pacing issues ,this movie can definitely put you to sleep

A true story, and a good one. Watched it after the Oscars and was blown away anyone could think it was Oscar worthy. It was a predictable, same ole cliches - all people from the south are backward, anyone who is racist is of subpar intelligence (I wish that was true, would be easier to farret them out and deal with them), and on and on...I couldn't figure out if the actors were intentionally acting tongue & cheek or if the movie was just corny. The end is 10 minutes of political filler - weird. Just didn't fit

Movie is made with so much arrogance it stinks. For such an amazing true story, the movie completely failed to capture any emotion or thought provocation. The cinematography seemed cheaply done and I think the movie never figured out what it wanted to be. Comedy? Drama? Like a disco flash? Come on 'Spike' you can do better. Or maybe you can't. Adam Driver and Ryan Eggold were the only two strong actors in my opinion, and they carried the movie.

Greetings from Lithuania.While "BlacKkKlansman" (2018) isn't the best movie of the year (although it earned that nomination), its surely is a superb one. The story here is a very involving one, directing by a legendary director was very solid (that might me his most enjoyable movie since "Inside Man"), and acting was amazing by leads, but my favorite was from Jasper Pääkkönen as Felix Kendrickson - he stole every scene in my opinion.Overall, "BlacKkKlansman" is funny (in some dark way), involving, superbly paced, directed and acted movie. It tells a story which is kinda more then relevant today, and as the ending suggest, its more then a real one. Great movie at the end of the day.

Not even a brief review.. This film is great. Personally, I've come here from near day one. Never said a word, even as an (academic) professor (languages and literature) with access to the amazing English word stock. I've logged in to say of BlacKkKlansman "Great." What else? OK: Great art. ( cinema, truth & history).

The acting is superb, and the whole cast does an excellent job, but the story leaves something to be desired.It is going to be difficult maintaining balance when making a film based on a person's subjective interpretation of events, and bias within the story and directing is evident.The 'Black Panthers' get a very cursory mention yet they were embedded in the black student movement of the 70s, and were as equally idiotic and prejudice as the Klan. Perhaps covering their involvement would have given more reasoning to the black characters motivations and views of the time.It's not a bad film, but it is far from a true reflection of race conflicts in the 70s - which is a time I remember well.

I thought he did a great job showing racial issues in historical context and showing the issues we still face. I especially loved the way he constructed the final scenes.

One of the best Spike Lee movies. It's incredible that this story really happened. And interesting is Spike Lee's connection between the past and the contemporary, bridging the events of those years with the recent manifestations

To learn about racism, I think this is a good film. American History X has way more drama than this, but can't closely related. This one, yes. This film shows us that, after many years, there are not many improvement from racism and in the American government. The slogan "American 1st, doesn't sound that racist but now it does after watching the film. I would put this one as an educational film and not for entertainment. If you like America, i suggest not to watch it. It only makes America looks bad. It does help me learn that having the notions of White Power, Black Power or Asian Power are just stupidity and dangerous.

Based on a true story, I watched the Spike Lee Joint Blackkklansman. The movie is about a black man played by John David Washington infiltrating the KKK. The movie starts with Washington's character Ron Stallworth being the first black officer hired to the police department in Colorado spring. He is later given the task of infiltrating the KKK and the Black Panther. He and his partner played by Adam driver becomes one person as Ron voices the Ron used to join the KKK and his partner plays the actual in-person Ron. It's interesting because they're both placed in a situation that may have comprised their loyalty to the police department and their case. Worth mentioning, there is a scene where Ron Stallworth is mentioning an officer on the force who killed an unarmed black kid and when asked why the force keeps him around he was told "they're a family and we stick together, right or wrong, we stick together" Ron replied "that reminds me of another group" if that doesn't make you think. I will say your ear will burn from the use of racial, ethnic and homophobic slurs so if you're sensitive you may want to consider not watching. The film was very entertaining and informative although it would have been nice to get some action movie type action; it wasn't that type of movie. I commend spike lee on retelling this story and putting that reality in art at the end.
.

I read books for facts, watch the tube for entertainment, so any liberties taken in the Ron Stallworth story are fine with me. The movie is pretty buoyant for the subject matter, and pokes fun whenever it can.

I think other reviewers are correct that the racists are downvoting this movie, Which just proves the point that America (and the world) still has a lot of hateful deplorable people. This movie is brilliant on so many levels. It has funny moments while still managing to break your heart that we haven't grown past this stupidity yet. This is my favorite Spike Lee movie so far. Do yourself a favor and see this movie.

Spike lee did it again with this Masterpiece. BlackKKKlansman Tells the true story of a brave black police officer infiltrating hate...(KKK)
Go watch this movie if you prefer love nd peace...

I want to like this. I truly do. I was so upset when I found out my local theater isn't showing it until they finally made it available two weeks or so later. I heard so many good things. The hype was real.And then I believe it was at the speech towards the beginning when I checked out. That choice to show people's faces one at a time was too "music video-esque" for me and I realized this is not my kind of film. People are saying there are funny moments but I didn't find any. And that ending was just unnecessary; we can make connections on our own... as if winking commentary throughout the film isn't enough.This is my second Spike Lee film and I enjoyed Chi-Raq. But this is a big boring waste of my time. There were only four of us in the theater and two walked out not even halfway through the film. Save your money and wait until it becomes available on Netflix.

There are some low ratings here, they are likely racist or Trump supporters, likely both.
Don't believe them. Go see this NOW. 
Spike Lee at his finest, telling a true story of a black cop who infiltrates the KKK. Part history, part suspense, with some comic relief as well, this movie takes you on a thrill ride.
Then, at the end, a hard turn to reality. Best picture nominee for sure.

I am a 50 year old white male from Germany and have watched this movie in a theatre in Midtown New York. The audience was extremely diverse, black, latino, white, young, old, male, female and the crowd absolutely loved this movie. Several times standing ovations and long applause after the movie was a first for me, but it was well deserved. The plot, the humor, the actors - all top notch and if Spike Lee will not receive an Oscar for this movie I do not know what he needs to do to get one. And to all the racists who give this movie 1 or 2 stars, why did you watch it anyway if you knew already that you dislike black people and a strong piece of US history ?

This movie want's to be taken seriously, but none of the situations or characters feel real in any way. The first half of the movie is fast paced and has a lot going on. It's entertaining but none of it feels real. After around the halfway point though, this movie slows waaaaaaay down. It's so boring. The dialogue is stupid. The ending is just so dumb. This movie wants to be taken seriously and send a real message, but it's too silly to hit home.

Interesting story but the pacing was a little slow and the ending seemed rushed, maybe poor editing. Also a little too over hyped and politically leaned for me. 7/10

Spike Lee redeemed himself from the woes of "Chi-raq". This film, like all his previous work, was hard pressed and hard nosed. The performances from the entire cast were engaging and stirring. Not everyone gave a powerful speech, but the script didn't neglect to give each character something to say that no doubt made you think and internalize the very meaning of their menial conversation. Also, if you're a classic 70s film buff there's a good amount of references made that will make for a good "Watch List" if you haven't seen them. All in all if you love spike lee or even if you love just one actor in this movie and that's the only reason you want to see it. See it.

Despite being based on a true story, and having three other credited screenwriters (plus, a book), this is very much SPIKE LEE's Blackkklansman (note also the added K which is not on the book). The basics of detective Ron Stallworth's memoir are still at play. Detective Stallworth (John David Washington) was the first black office hired in Colorado Springs in the 1970s. Stallworth did "join" the KKK and carried on conversations with them. When the time came for a face-to-face meeting, a white officer here called Zimmerman (played by Adam Driver; although the real Stallworth has kept his true identity secret). Together they infiltrated the local Klan and helped foil some of their racist deeds. Spike Lee does a decent job with the main storyline, although, it can come off as a bit dry and overlong. Clearly, the mundane details didn't engage Lee's filmmaking juices. So, with the other screenwriters, the story is embellished. Stallworth's girlfriend Patrice (Laura Harrier) isn't just a local, but, now she's the head of the local Black Student Union - and, ta da! -- now a chief target of the local KKK. Zimmerman isn't just white, he's now also Jewish - AND, has problems with his identity as such. There isn't just racism in the police force, but, there's also a singularly hateful specimen named Landers (Frederick Weller) who is ripe for a comeuppance. Astonishingly, the most "unbelievable" part of the film is actually TRUE -- Stallworth did strike up a correspondence with KKK Grand Wizard David Duke (Topher Grace; excellent) AND did get assigned to protect the bigot when he came to town! Nobody expects to see a Documentary when you go to a Hollywood treatment of a true story, and every viewer will have to decide for themselves if and/or to what extent the liberties taken here go too far. Most are somewhat understandable, but one is kind of a head-scratcher -- moving the story from 1979 to 1972. Stokely Carmichael (aka Kwame Ture)'s speech in town was in '72 and , yes, Stallworth did cover it as a cop. Perhaps, Spike also wanted to set the story closer to the 60s civil right protests, the height of the Black Panthers and to include his fun tribute to Blaxploitation cinema (although, it renders references to COFFY and CLEOPATRA JONES as anachronisms since they came out a year later)? BLACKKKLANSMAN still stirs. It's full of Spike's righteous anger and that clearly inspired him. Some of the Spike-isms go a bit far with the lampooning of the local KKK members as Southern Style racist goons (you'd swear those characters were 'imported' from David Duke's South into the Midwestern Colorado locale). He also can't help but take a virtual highlighting marker to references to President Trump -- and, that's AFTER said references were already underlined, to boot (the word "subtle" is rarely mentioned in the same sentence with"Spike Lee"). The cross-cutting of the Klan watching BIRTH OF A NATION with a talk by Harry Belafonte (grand) is powerful if far too long. The acting is across the board fine, but Adam Driver falls flat. Driver has been solid in pictures like PATERSON and WHILE WE'RE YOUNG, but, as in the Star Wars films he can fall into a dull monotone. It's also hard to believe that the Klansman would take him in as one of their own. He simply doesn't pass the Redneck test (fellow cop Jimmy (Michael Buscemi) would have been far more credible. The cinematography by Chayse Irvin (on 35mm film, which does give it a gritty 70s feel) is quite good. Terence Blanchard's score is adequate, but the soundtrack is carried by the period songs. Released the same weekend as the anniversary of the white supremacists killing of civil rights protester Heather Hyer gives BLACKKKLANSMAN yet another contemporary resonance. The actual footage of which may have been more appropriate after the closing credits, but, that's a quibble. It's a powerful coda to a very angry, if inconsistent, film.

This movie kept me interested but then quickly deteriorated into a polical hit job against Trump. The film featured an overlay of 1970s history with modern day politics and became a joke of a production. It was a lame attempt to demonize the Trump wave that captured the conservative support with radical ideals and events from over 50 years ago. Will the left and Hollywood ever acknowledge that they lost the 2016 presidential election.

This movie is a masquerade in more ways than the plot itself. The majority of this movie could pass for a decent, well-acted movie written around an historical event of significance. There is genuine humor in the premise of a black man pulling the rug over white supremicists, and the plot lines hold together reasonably well. The actors did their jobs well. Unfortunately, somewhere along the way, the bias of the producers, OR the writers, OR the director, OR someone, caused the film to become a blatant activist propaganda flick. It is a shame, as this movie played straight without the political leverage at the end had the fundamentals of a very good movie. There is enough political BS in this country without subverting a film to try to shape public opinion, and I am more than a little saddened by the effort and result of this manipulation. In retrospect, it is not a surprise that the movie was so poorly attended. What could have been a seismic historical effort with humor, becomes instead a treatise on the art of flim-flam. A waste of time and money.

I have never written a review before, but when I came on here to see the reviews and saw it's a 7, I had to write something. This movie is nowhere close to a 7. It's a drama, comedy, thriller and a real punch to the gut in the best possible of ways. Please go see it, it is a very important movie. And please note that the majority of the reviews that are bad state that they hated the movie because it was a leftist movie aimed at Trump. I saw the movie as a reminder of where we have come and of where we are now. And a fair assessment of both.

Since I watched 25th hours, I thought Spike Lee is god-blessed genius. How could he make such a unfinished movie Blackkklansman? The movie use lot of great cinematography, yet the characters are too stupid to believe as realistic. Is it based on real strory? The question still remains. I feel the edit is rough and could be done with more deep dialogue and character development rather than obviously showing the political message "black power". I never want to watch it again. It's not matter of racism but how movie made.

Would have been much better as a documentary rather than a "based on a true story" movie. In real life, Stallworth's partner was white but in the movie they purposely made that character Jewish. Of course I support what Stallworth was doing, but find it irritating that the movie distorts the truth in order to avoid portraying a white man as an ally to a black man. That would promote unity moving forward, which this movie isn't about. The movie serves to further the anti-white narrative pushed by Hollywood and the legacy media in the modern political climate.

Spike Lee has returned with the thoughtful and intensely relevant "BlacKkKlansman," a drama about an African-American police officer in Colorado Springs attempting to infiltrate a chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1970s. The film uses a wide variety of common motifs in Spike Lee's films that enhance the story and the viewing experience considerably. Such motifs include deeply topical social commentary and analysis on the nature of racism and hatred, clever homages to other films of the time period (especially Blaxploitation films,) and a variety of visual tricks to help direct the viewer's attention to what is most important in the scene. The story moves along quickly and thoroughly, and its use of characterization is generally well-planned. Ron Stallworth is a charismatic and generally well-developed lead character, and most of the film's major supporting characters all serve unique purposes akin to the plot. The only possible weak link in the cast is Topher Grace as David Duke. While he does not give a bad performance, his portrayal of the infamous KKK leader can sometimes feel rather tepid at times.Some might say that the film could have been enhanced by generally not reducing its depiction of KKK members to primarily cartoon stereotypes, but I would argue that this depiction actually helps Lee's greater point about the true nature of the Klan. Lee is trying to portray that their cataclysmic ignorance and buffoonishness breeds their insidious racism. The film's script includes a lot of current political commentary, which generally feels well-placed but can sometimes feel too on-the-nose or predictable. The film's story is engaging and entertaining, but does contain some cliches and relatively formulaic elements. Deeply disturbing real-world images and materials are effectively used by Lee to help synthesize the film's structure. The film's tonal shifts between comedy and dark drama do not feel poorly planned at all, although some could say they are a bit jarring. While it isn't Spike Lee's best, this is still a solid and highly thought-provoking film that should definitely please Lee's fans. Recommended. 7/10

Mostly harmless... mostly boring... or i can slso say there is nothing to see here, move along.

If so, watch this.A jumble of good ideas done poorly.You can see where it should be funny or cool, but those bits go by awkwardly. The rest is just ill timed and badly acted.A clunker.

Great film, should make more black films like it. Some people might find it racist, but no way is it. Its so funny

Hey, Spike Lee made a whacky film about a black cop going undercover as a Klansman... This is going to be a great romp!Well... It is quite a ride. But if you're expecting something out of Django Unchanged's Klansman sequence, you may be dissapointed. At first. But what we got instead was well worth the time. Even though our black hero never actually dons the robes himself.From the use of old film classics where the underlying racism is apparent to the speeches of white supremacists from all over the spectrum we do get kind of an unflinching view of their beliefs and convictions. But it does get to balance things with the Black Power movement as well. Showing that neither side are as productive as they claim, allthough, the weight is heavier on the white power side throughout, as in real life. The black side talks about revolutions... The klansmen are the guys who actually takes to violence. Harassment and violence is very much directed at the black for no good reason.So while Spike does no attempt at hiding the political agenda (blatant references to modern politics abound). He is presenting a playground that is a little grey at the first glance. But by the time the ending montage rolls it's hard to have any sympathy for the Klan and its followers.The films biggest downside is that being so blatant it'll probably alienate the crowd who really needs the b___h-slap the film provides. Does that make the film bas in itself? No. The pro equality movements needs reminders too.Just don't expect a blaxploitation romp. You need a more open mind than that. It is entertaining though, so still watch it! :)

10 September 2018
First Film of Choice at The Plaza Dorchester Tonight - BlacKkKlansman. Based on the book by Ron Stallworth, the first African-American police officer in the Colorado Springs Police Department, this is a story of his early life. Spike Lee has tackled this subject full on, not really grabbing the bull by its horns but climbing onto its back and galloping right down the street - metaphorically speaking. This is the tale of a man who had always dreamed of becoming a cop. However his career is not as exciting as he thinks it should be and he finds himself stuck in the filing department. He gets an undercover assignment as a detective and manages to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. For this he needs the help of a white colleague who acts as the face to his voice. Ron is played by John David Washington, son of actor Denzel Washington, and he is certainly carrying on the family tradition with his considered style of acting, lots of emotion and plenty of thoughtful looks and body language rather than a lot of dialogue, a style that certainly wins us over. A solid performance from Adam Driver too, I look forward to seeing more of his work. This film gives us an insight into the world of the Klan, or the Organisation as they prefer to be known - and it's a scary world. This is a brave subject to tackle and Spike Lee has done it with a frankness that is extraordinary. It's a film with depth of emotion and frightening reality especially the scenes just before the end credits. How can you not be moved by this subject in all the scenes portrayed. Some excellent acting and very thought-provoking, and the script provides us with a reminder of how our language has changed and what has become unacceptable. Not the type of film I expected but extremely gripping.

Definetly the best movie of the year, I mean it's just incredible. One of Spike Lee's best movies, with an incredibly inspired directing and spectacular interpretations by John David Washington son of Denzel, and Adam Driver and both interpretations deserve an oscar.

Great job by the actors in capturing truth! A must see

OMG....Listen up everyone! If you haven't seen Spike Lee's new movie, go as soon as you can. IT IS WONDERFUL!! And that Ending will touch your very soul. I loved it! Please, don't miss it.

A great movie that entertains while making bigotry and racism look evil and stupid! For you sensitive people, the language in the movie is crass, but necessary as Spike Lee rightfully thought such language needs to be in the film. Spike Lee is a genius at creating entertaining message films - Spike is the Master!

Spike Lee and Jordan Peele really create a conversation starter here. I expected this film to be a lighter humorous take on the seemingly darker topic matter, but they really showed the true nature. The cynical actions behind the klansman are so sickening to witness. The reality that was still so prevalent such a short time ago is extremely eye opening. Very much an educational piece. The clips in the end were also a fantastic addition, these people are still at large today and are very much overlooked by us. The progress made in the last few decades is great, but the fact that our president can't condemn this behavior is shocking. What a great message and piece of art.

It was a good movie going to be a great movie until the last part at the end that had nothing to do with the issues at hand. Demonizing the current administration when the faults lie with the last administration is what the people in the entertainment business do all the time. I did appreciate the dedication that the lead actor brought to the screen. He portrayed the ideal of what Dr. Martin Luther King was trying to get across to not just one section of America, but to all America. It was ironic at the end the fate of a few totally misguided individuals, but they got what they deserved.

I finally saw BlacKkKlansman at the theater. I really didn't know what to expect from the movie initially. The previews made it hard to tell if this was a comedy or a drama, plus Spike Lee has been slipping over the years. I'm happy to say I was incredibly impressed with this movie.The plot of the movie follows an undercover police investigation into Klan activities along the way exploring elements of institutional discrimination, prejudice, and race relations. All the while the movie also offers a stark commentary on modern day racial violence and hostility. The movie perfectly blends a serious drama with elements of dark humor to make a poignant and entertaining journey. The movie certainly has a message, but I never felt like it was preaching at you. At its center the movie remained a very well made, quirky, stylish, and thought-provoking film. I will say the film could have used a bit of tightening near the end. There were so many strong ideas in the movie that the love interest interaction felt a bit unnecessary and rushed. Acting wise the movie was great all-around. I wasn't aware of John David Washington before this film, but I will certainly look forward to seeing his future films. All around he managed to blend a mix of drama and comedy in is character while still keeping him human. Of course Adam Driver did a great job. He is quickly is becoming a must-watch actor in all of his roles.I also have to mention how well this film was directed. Spike Lee has been hit-or-miss over the past few years but he really put his all into this film. The film was masterfully well-crafted which further helped to immerse you into the story and message regarding racism. This is Spike Lee's best film in years. This of course should be no surprise considering it was also produced by Jordan Peele coming off of his success from Get Out.Overall I was immensely impressed with this movie. Not only was the plot interesting but it managed to combine a serious topic with dark humor in an entertaining manner. It is a very important film with a message that very much resonates with our current socio-political climate. I would recommend this film to pretty much everyone. A 9 out of 10.

The BlacKkKlansman is one of the best movies I have ever seen. With an amazing story that will bring tears into your eyes. It has a great cast, an amazing score, and above all the cinemetography for the film was stunning. They brought a modern new feel with a twist of the past in how the 70s used to be with the effects and music. The blacKkKlansman is an amazing true story about the first black officer in Colorado, who goes undercover and joins the KKK, with his parter who is white and ends up being the face of the operation. His partner however is Jewish and shows a lot of conflict throughout the film. This movie shows the real brutality that the klan had at that time and also brought to light what has been going on recently in the US. If you are sensitive to vulgar language or racial slang however this movie may not be for you. Although I am Jewish myself, and certain scenes were really hard for me to watch, this movie had great humor in it that left me laughing my ass off, right before I was balling my eyes out. This movie made me feel more prideful of my heritage, and a new found rage to make things better within America. This film will make you laugh, cry, and hope for a better world. This movie will make you feel something long after watching it that I can't quite describe, you are just going to have to watch it for yourself to understand the power, and visually pleasing, this movie has to offer.

Way too long takes, with way too boring dialogue. Whoever edit this thing didnt want to work. Didnt manage to finish the film, couldnt do it. Probably could be a good short film. What the hell happen to Spike Lee?

Unsurprisingly, Spike Lee nailed it once again under two circumstances: entertainment and education. That's uniquely rare for someone to have the ability to hit both spots that are the two dramatically different in the range of theme.Blackkklansman is at a particular place of a genre that I would call as comedically propagation.It's about a black man who entered the police department that had a full of white employers. He took that as his advantage to pave the way to destroy the white supremacy (Ku Klux Klan).It was terrific how Spike Lee could summarize the whole historical events regarding racism from confederate era to modern days at the same time it was a fun viewing for everyone (except for these sensitive and insecure white people). I was quite impressed with the editing parts, whereas the plot was parallel to the editing scenes from The Birth of a Nation (an infamous white supremacy propaganda film in the 1910s).Nearly every dialogue was funny with plenty of underlying meanings. It revealed how it was like to live as a black man and what he could literally see through white people without their realizations.The last shot in the film of two black men pointing the gun in front of the audience was probably the most potent ending scene of all Hollywood films. The given message was that white people (especially those who voted for Trump) are ignorant and selfish, and the rest of people shall join and play on the same field along with Trump voters. Take them as a joke like how stupid people can go that far to promote segregation, vote for Trump, etc. Just enjoy playing on the field with them. Nonetheless, we will leave with a victory because we rather not be ignorant.I took a star off my rating for Blackkklansman due to my doubt on the fact that is based on a true story. Otherwise, I recommend everyone to see. It would be a loss to miss out Blackklansman as one of a few films that would change your view in life in a way or else.

BlacKkKlansman is a tremendous movie with a masterfully written script and a tremendous cast. Like any of Spike Lee's work, I have to admire how bold the whole movie was in telling this story, it was a very honest portrayal of the actions of the Ku Klux Klan back in the 1970s, as well as including a very clever, intricate way of showing how these past events mirror recent occurrings, suggesting America may have taken a step backwards.A fascinating true story that I never knew about, we follow Ron Stallworth, played brilliantly by John David Washington, as he joins the police force and poses as a white man over the telephone in order to make connections with the KKK, with the intentions of investigating their actions. The scenes that ensue between Adam Driver's character, who poses as Ron's white persona in order to meet face to face with the members, are massively intense as we fear they could be caught at any moment.The film is daring, bold, features phenomenal performances all around, including a very unexpected turn by Topher Grace as founder David Duke, and is also, strangely enough, quite fun, it was never afraid to play with its premise and I found myself laughing quite a bit.Intense and consistently entertaining. Not for the faint of heart due to its heavy subject matter, that being said, BlacKkKlansman is a film I would recommend to all movie buffs.
A true story that follows an African American police officer who poses as a white man in order to infiltrate the KKK.
Best Performance: John David Washington

Was so overhyped. The story is good if you don't have large expectations. Adam Driver is great.

Great story, lots of irony. Good acting. Characters could have been developed more. Flow of movie a bit uneven. I caught all the references and catch phrases along the way relating to the current racial struggle in our country. I didnt need the Spike Lee Soapbox at the end. Yeah, we get it. Race relations were, and are shitty. Are radical changes needed to reverse hundreds of years of stupidity? Yes. Will they happen? Not likely, since most of us are more concerned with Spike's tantrum that best picture went to a more positive movie about racism made by mostly white people.

BlacKkKlansman centers around the true story of Ron Stallworth, an African-American police officer who successfully infiltrated and exposed a Colorado chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1970's. John David Washington and Adam Driver (who portray Ron and his partner) both deliver exceptional performances as officers who must navigate the hatred and cruelty of the Klan first-hand. Directed by Spike Lee, the film also deserves praise for its ability to balance several genres and shifting tones - from gritty drama to black comedy (and even a bit of Blaxploitation thrown in for good measure).We're almost 40 years removed from the actual events of BlacKkKlansman, yet the film is possible more politically relevant today - and the screenwriters are intent to make sure you realize that. The script, which is politically-charged and has a lot of truth to speak regarding America's historic and persistent issues with race relations, repeatedly seems more interested in making the political point, than telling a story that makes the political point. BlacKkKlansman is eye-opening and thought-provoking - but for a medium whose "golden rule" is "show, don't tell," the film simply too often relies on the later approach.

This is a great idea for a movie. It just needed better treatment. I don't mind, as others do here, that the movie strayed from the facts. And there were some excellent parts, such as the juxtaposition of the Klansmen watching "Birth of a Nation" while African-American students listened to a guest speaker who describe the horrors of lynching. The "Why don't you wake up?" scene was also good. But the movie needed better pacing. The first 20 minutes could have been condensed down to 5. We didn't need to hear the entire Stokely Carmichael speech, or watch Ron and Patrice dance together for an entire song. I kept thinking, "and there were executives that worried that 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' would slow down 'The Wizard of Oz.' What would they think of this?" Overall, I felt this movie would have been a lot better if the director was constrained to using only 98 minutes of film. There was just too much padding here.

The feel of the era was well done.Looked up facts which were not portrayed correctly in the movie. Some include:Stallworth's sidekick was not Jewish.Stallworth said no guns were ever pointed at him during this investigation, and the Klan never cast doubts on his or his partner's identities.Felix did not show up at Stallworth's doorstep to discover a black man as he did in the movie.In the movie: Three Klansmen die in an explosion and one is arrested.
In reality: No C4 was stolen or set off, and no arrests were made.And so on.Is it worth a watch? It could have been better. Felt like a political push was being made. Too bad. We didn't watch it to the end. Racism is terrible.

As someone who isn't really familiar with Spike Lee's work, Blackkklansman is a great introduction to his style and makes for a terrific drama brought down only by occasional tonal issues, a lacklustre B plot about Ron Stallworth's love interest that interrupts the flow of the movie, and a few caricaturesque and two-dimensional side characters. Despite the small shortcomings however, Blackkklansman brings some great comedic scenes that never feel forced or awkward and opens up a great dialogue about the current political divide in America while still maintaining a mostly neutral bias to both sides of the political spectrum, even putting emphasis on the Black Panthers and their equally harmful message. The two main leads also deliver amazing performances, primarily Adam Driver who plays the undercover racist amazingly well and brings a compelling presence to every scene he is in.All in all, Blackkklansman is a highly compelling drama with excellently delivered comedic moments, and a truly powerful message that I believe everyone should experience at least once in the near future.

Was reluctant to watch it because I didn't care too much about Spike Lee's previous works.... HOWEVER BlackkKlansman kept my undivided attention throughout.... A very enjoyable film
