
Moonlight is one of the most beautiful and heart-wrenching films that I have ever seen. Many users are expressing disdain or presumed it to be dull. Yet, to see it as such misses the whole point of the film. Moonlight wasn't intended to overtly wow us or give us knowledge about something we didn't already know. Rather the film allowed us to enter and follow a life that I'm sure many have never considered living. Yes, we know some about poverty, queerness, masculinity, and Blackness individually, but to see the conflict of it all so succinctly woven together allowed the complexity of some folks lives to be seen in an unadulterated way. Moonlight wasn't supposed to give us some grandiose finale or even answers, but simply present a narrative that we often don't see. And that's what makes it so simple, painful, yet outstandingly beautiful. It's also important to remember that just because you don't understand something, that doesn't mean it is unimportant or invalid. Just because you can't relate to the entire story doesn't mean pieces of it can't teach you something about life. Just because the narrative is one that isn't widely told, doesn't mean it should be disregarded. If you don't understand this film or find it a waste, look deep inside yourself and ask why. 10/10 would recommend.

When a film comes out and you know next to nothing about it with a director you don't know and a cast of mostly unknowns and it blows you away like it did me. Then I know I'm confronted by something unique. In fact it was director/writer Martin Donovan who wrote about Moonlight, urging all his actors to run and see it. Thank you sir. The faces of those three young men who are just one did something to my brain and to my heart. The best group of actors I've seen in one single film in a long, long time. The big surprise is that we knew it all along. It's all about love and what it means to be a man. Thank you Barry Jenkisns A revolutionary film made of truth and beauty.

With all the controversy back in 2016 over the #Oscarssowhite shambles, it seems that in 2017 the Academy has made a conscious effort to include as much diversity into the show as they possibly can. Unfortunately, the downside of that is that films like 'Moonlight', which are in reality very average, get recognition they don't deserve and people are fooled into thinking they are better than they actually are. 'Moonlight' is a simple film, in fact it's far too simple. There is almost nothing thought-provoking or interesting that happens for the entire 110 minute run time. Yet somehow it's up for a plethora of awards. Go figure.Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris have each been nominated for Academy Awards in their respective Supporting categories. Ali is quite brilliant, in fact he's the highlight of the film. He's in nearly the entire first third of the film and I was starting to wonder how this was considered a "Supporting" role, yet he soon drops away. I wish he had been in it for longer though, because he was quite superb. Harris was also quite good in her role. She has a more spread out performance in the film, reoccurring in each chapter. I wouldn't say she blew me away, but she was certainly solid in her role. I will predict Ali to win his category, and Harris to miss out.'Moonlight' is one of those films that just kind of drifts along until the credits role. The question I kept asking myself as I watched it was, what is meant to be so extraordinary about these characters? What part of this story justifies making a film out of it? To me it appears that some impressive acting and some false award nominations have tricked people into thinking this film is better than it is. Very disappointing.

To solely categorize this film as an examination of Chiron, a young  African American who has to deal with being gay is accurate but  inadequate. It wouldn't be inadequate to also categorize it as a movie  about drug abuse, school bullying, and isolation. However, if someone  were to ask me what MOONLIGHT is truly about I would say that, at it's  core, it's a film about teaching a child how to swim, feeling the sand  on your skin, and cooking a meal for an old friend.   Director Berry Jenkins is not afraid to be poetic, to guide his film  away from conventional storytelling and offer his audience something to  connect to in their own way. The way his camera roams around is  sensually magnificent; he knows when to cut to the next shot and when  to linger a few seconds longer. But above all else, his ability to add  an extra texture to each scene is awe-inspiring; it's more than just  style for the sake of style; it's essential to the movie's argument.  From the very first shot to the very last, MOONLIGHT is about as  beautiful a movie as you're likely to see this year. The colours are  rich and luminous; James Laxton's cinematography is visually immersive  leaving you stranded inside the story of the film. It moves at a  smooth, welcoming pace. The music, whether it be the classical or  hip-hop selections as well as Nicholas Britell's subtle score, is  perfect. And the performance are, well they're the cherry on top.   It's uncanny how similar the 3 actors, who played the kid, teenage, and  adult versions of Chiron behaved and acted; you'd almost think it was  the same actor who played all three roles. Mahershala Ali and Naomie  Harris are more deserving of Oscar nominations than just about anyone  I've seen this year. They may be the standouts, but all the  performances, ranging from the children to the adults, are so raw and  powerful; a standing ovation for the casting director is in order.   But perhaps the thing about this movie that deserves the most acclaim  is its open-endedness; it's fight against straightforward  categorization and recap. MOONLIGHT so much more than a movie about  growing up gay; it's about overcoming your adversities and, despite  being a product of your environment, figuring out who you want to  become. Identity takes time to discover, and that's something anyone  can relate to.

Moonlight represents the end product of a collaboration between Barry Jenkins who wrote the screenplay based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney. It has an amazing score of "99" on Metacritic, with the lowest score being "63." When I saw this score my immediate reaction was that this film is no "99." It's a lot closer to that "63," a score attributed to a review put out by Slant Magazine.Moonlight is divided into three segments, first focusing on a young African-American boy named Chiron (whose nickname is "Little" in the first segment). When we first meet Little, he's run away from home, alienated from his crack-addicted, abusive mother, Paula. A crack dealer named Juan discovers Little inside an abandoned motel and after learning he's been the victim of bullies, he brings him to the home of his girlfriend, Theresa. Little is mute until he opens up the next morning and tells the couple where he lives. Juan eventually forms a relationship with Little, acting as a mentor, despite hostility from the boy's mother. Unfortunately, Juan plays no part in the rest of the film and we eventually learn in the last segment that he's no longer alive. Despite the lugubrious pacing, Moonlight chronicles the tragedy of how drugs can play such a ruinous part in the lives of African-American men and women, residing in the inner city.Just at the right moment, Jenkins introduces Chiron as a teenager in the second segment. Here he is referred to by his true name. The withdrawn child is now a withdrawn teenager who is still coping with his crackhead of a mother and is taunted by other teens who regard him as not only passive but possibly homosexual. Jenkins isn't afraid to chronicle additional problems in the African-American community, especially the scourge of bullying. The story becomes more interesting when Chiron hooks up with his old childhood friend, Kevin, who leads him to a homosexual encounter on the beach. There's more drama when Kevin participates in a hazing ritual, betraying Chiron by slugging him a number of times in the face, at the behest of the usual suspects of high school bullies. When Chiron smashes a chair over the bully in front of his high school class, he's taken away by the police and placed in a juvenile detention center.The third segment focuses on Chiron ten years later—he goes by the name of "Black," an appellation given to him by Kevin when he was in high school. Jenkins makes the mistake of casting the older Chiron with an actor who doesn't resemble the younger high school student Chiron, at all. We find out next to nothing about the older Chiron, except that he's now a hardened drug dealer living in Atlanta.After getting a phone call from Kevin, who now works as a cook in Miami, Black goes to visit him there. He first visits his mother who is now a resident at a nursing home and begs his forgiveness for her earlier deleterious behavior. Naomie Harris does a fine job as the repentant mother and the son hugs her, still acknowledging their bond.Once Black walks into the small restaurant where Kevin now works, the story is virtually over. You can guess what happens next: Black acknowledges that he's been alone since their encounter in high school—and he agrees to send the night with Kevin, who still has feelings for him, despite having a child with a woman from whom he is now separated.Moonlight really runs out of gas in the third act, as Black (Chiron) remains a completely underdeveloped character. The reconciliation, highlighted by tender feelings between two men, is simply not enough to bring the story to a fitful conclusion. Jenkins' final 30 minutes is dragged out where there are no surprises. Moonlight has quite a bit of atmosphere (particularly in the first two acts) and some raw performances (particularly by the child actors), but ultimately the denouement was not thought out clearly enough to pass muster as a film rated almost 100 by an overwhelming majority of major film critics.

I've seen a lot of movies lately, mostly because we've had a series of amazing releases but Moonlight affected me deeply on a personal level like very few managed to do in the past few years.Having seen the trailer only once and knowing the brilliant cast – Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Janelle Monae – I was sure this one would be a hit. And ten minutes into it I had already gotten a handful of tissues out, like the rest of the audience in the theater and was silently wiping my tears while the actors gave a stellar performance.First of all, I was ecstatic to see that Moonlight featured an all black cast. From behind the camera, to the leads, down to the last extra, kudos and please can we have more already? Second of all, Moonlight showed that a movie can talk about queerness in the black community and turn it into art and present it with dignity and beauty and capture the essence of being a black gay man, the masculinity and actually show the struggles, it went to places a few movies would dare to go and it spoke to me; I know for a fact a lot of people walked out of the cinema more accepting and open-minded. I had a 70-year-old grandpa sitting next to me, weeping and crying like a child, I have never felt more connected with the people I'm randomly watching a movie with.I can't talk about Moonlight enough, the cinematography was exquisite and the directing was epic, the editing just brilliant. I could almost feel the sunlight through the screen and the humidity in the air. The camera takes you with the people and it captures emotion and feelings like you are there, somehow managing to peak into their lives.Despite the fact that the movie goes from decade to decade, childhood, young adult and grown man, you never feel any gaps in the story. Sure through the years there are noticeable differences and happenings we don't know about – and never really get answers to – but this is Chiron's story and unlike books, people don't go about their life everyday talking about the past, or recalling life altering events. We get three major turning points in Chiron's life, presented beautifully and with a painful honesty. The ending left me gasping and a mess, I was happy and full of emotions and love and I still remember scenes from the movie and my heart breaks for Little and at the same time I feel happy for Black and I want to protect Chiron.Moonlight is everything a movie should be and more; an example of how things can and should be portrayed and it all comes with brilliant performances and incredible directing. If there's only one movie you'll watch this year, it's Moonlight. This is why representation matters and why we need more of it. Take everyone with you, recommend it to as many people as you can, never stop talking about it.

Reading other peoples' comments makes me a minority I believe, but there was just something that didn't win me over with Moonlight. Don't get me wrong, my favorite movie genre is drama and I really appreciate deep and artistically made coming-of-age dramas too, but I could barely contain my restlessness in these two hours. There was so little dialogue (and even if it was there, it didn't bear any importance) that it was difficult for me to get to know the characters, let alone like them or care for them. Although the plot may be relatable to some people, it just wasn't original. It felt like one cliché was followed by another. Maybe the main problem is that I couldn't wait to watch it, I read so many brilliant reviews and eight Oscar nominations built up my expectations. Well, Moonlight in my opinion was a disappointment and even though I wanted to like it, it just didn't happen. I will still give the movie a 3 because it is not a disaster, the acting is decent and I appreciate the director didn't want to show another story of a white and privileged man. Movies with this type of message are important for our society, but I would not recommend watching this particular one.

I watched this film for two hours. Two whole hours that are gone. Forever. The film takes place in Miami. It's about a young black boy who grows up gay in a tough neighborhood. That's it. Lots of sitting on the beach. Lots of talking that doesn't go ANYWHERE. Overall, the film followed a tired format that paints a pretty bland and shallow picture about life in the "hood." Stereotypical characterization of black women. I honestly couldn't tell you the point of this film or write a more a more comprehensive summary because it's a waste of time.Why is this up for an award? With the exception of Ali--who is a really good actor whose talent is wasted in this film--I don't get it.

The reviewer's dilemma (and it is a dilemma reviewers LOVE to encounter) is, in a superb film with superb acting all around, a superb script, and superb directing, you still need to pay special attention to those actors that, in such a competitive environment, stand out as something "extra" special.In this mesmerizing film, special attention has to go to two actors who steal every scene they are in and silently promise the viewer that the long and bountiful careers ahead of them will deliver even better performances down the road.I am referring first to Mahershala Ali, whose magnetic presence made him the centerpiece of Luke Cage (where he competes with, and surpasses, actors with much greater experience). If you watch this actor closely, not only is he in the moment, but his body seems to be in constant motion even when he is sitting still. Like a hummingbird. Awesome to behold and although he has been lately playing characters of "dubious morality" one gets the feeling he could play a hero just as easily.And then there is the performance of Naomie Harris, a performance so strong and memorable that I began to recall that, in the Golden Age of films, they used to refer to performances like hers as "searing" -- but lately I have not seen the term used very often in a review.So in honor of Ms. Harris I will say for the record that her performance in this film -- with minimal screen time -- is searing and unforgettable.Highly recommended.

I'm extremely lost as to why this movie has received so much praise. It was like watching a cake bake at 200 degrees and taking it out after 2 hours -- nothing to show for. Just a bunch of warm ingredients in a pan.Barely any character development, and no flavor. It was set in Miami, and as a (black) Miami native (who currently lives here), I didn't get any Miami vibes. The characters did not look or act Miami (for lack of better words). This was distracting and disappointing to me. Like, what was the mother's accent??? And Theresa didn't look like a Miami hood chick at all. It annoyed the hell out of me that she had the same weave in when Chiron was 8 as when he was 16. How, Sway? Miami girls switch up their wigs and weaves weekly. They should have cast Miami natives. Secondly, the casting of young adult Kevin & Chiron was dreadful. Chiron went from being an awkward-looking, not so attractive teenager to quite attractive eye candy as a young adult (mmm, he was fine!). Teenage Chiron had some pretty notable facial features (which added to his awkwardness) that adult Chiron bore no resemblance to. I think the awkwardness as a teen was a central part of the character's identity. I understand that he became more streetwise and confident when he moved to Atlanta, but it was also clear that he strangely remained asexual since that experience with Kevin when he was 16. That is NOT normal -- to me that screams awkward and undeveloped adult... not the sexy, full of swag young adult that Black was. The transition was too extreme and the remaining awkwardness we should have seen was no where to be found. I would have liked to see young adult Black as more average looking, and somehow exuding his more streetwise ways, *despite* his awkwardness. (And I'm sorry, the shyness did not come through as awkwardness to me.) This was very distracting and showed a complete lack of attention to casting. Kevin went from looking kind of mixed as a kid and teenager to not at all as an adult. Disappointing choice there, too.Let's not even talk about that horrible attempt at grey hair on the mom of adult Chiron. Why didn't they give the lady a damn wig.As for the rest of the movie, if you're going to have a slow moving drama like this, character development is so important. I should have felt attached to the characters. Unspoken things should have made more of a punch, like Juan's death. I wasn't even sure if it was his funeral they were referring to. They could have done so much better with that. At the end of the movie, I didn't really feel anything for anyone. Except a from Trevante Rhodes. I had all the feelings for him. LOL. I could have seen more of him with his shirt off, since that was the highlight of the movie.

We all have our place in the world, it can just take a little longer for certain people to decide on both who and what they want to be. Our formative years play a big part in the life we choose, as do the people and environments that surround us. Barry Jenkins' Moonlight is a quite exceptional piece of cinema that explores these ideas in such a wonderful and intimate manner.Told through three important stages of Chiron's life; the first being as a young boy nicknamed Little (Alex Hibbert), the second in his teenage years where he is actually referred to as Chiron (Ashton Sanders) and the third being in his adult years where he goes by the nickname Black (Trevante Rhodes), Moonlight depicts his journey of self-discovery and sexuality while growing up in a rough Miami neighbourhood.Moonlight is a bold coming-of-age drama from Barry Jenkins that has an important place in today's cinema, becoming a raw and powerful film that speaks volumes in today's climate through evocative performances and a strong narrative that might seem simple upon first viewing but certainly becomes more layered when you look back on it.The idea to split Chiron's story into three important stages of his formative years is a stroke of genius from Tarell Alvin McCraney, whose work as a playwright comes into play with the structure and feel of Moonlight. Watching Chiron's life take shape through certain events in his younger years combined with Barry Jenkins' screenplay, capturing a sense of realism, ensures Moonlight as a film that will stay with me for a while.I mentioned the intimate manner in which Moonlight handles its subject matter and it really is one of the film's stand-out features, the close relationships that Chiron sparingly experiences and James Laxton's cinematography really honing in on this.Coming to the performances, Moonlight is a special film with a cast who each don't get too much time to impress but they sure as hell make the most of their individual opportunities. The narrative dictates that three different actors of different ages were needed to make Moonlight work as a film, leading to Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders and Trevante Rhodes giving three impressive and similar performances in the lead role. Chiron is a character of very few words and they all do a lot of their talking with the looks they give to others and their facial expressions.The supporting performances in Moonlight are the ones that are getting all the limelight however. Mahershala Ali is the favourite to walk away with the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Juan, a drug dealer who has a major impact on Chiron in his younger years. Ali is not in the film an awful lot but he left me wanting to see more of his character, which is the sign of a great performance. I loved the performance given by Naomie Harris more, who stars as Chiron's abusive mother, Paula. Harris, who is up for Best Supporting Actress, gives arguably the best performance of the film, where the drug addiction leads to her character having almost two personalities, one abusive the other nurturing, if only seen briefly.To many Moonlight is the biggest threat to La La Land for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, easy to see why with how great a film it is. Moonlight is more than just competition for an award though, it's a lesson in acceptance and how our behaviour towards one another can be more damaging than rewarding.

Some films are best consumed whole while others give more joy through their fragments. For example, a holistic story with a big legacy is Brokeback Mountain (2005), the modern-day Western with two white gay cowboys as its ground-breaking heroes. Twelve years later, the remarkable film Moonlight (2016) walks into the Brokeback narrative space to echo similar themes but from the African-American experience. Rather than a big story, Moonlight is more a tapestry of lyrical moments and finely wrought detail that are best savoured piece by piece.Unlike plot-driven stories with big dramatic events, Moonlight feels like an introspective meditation on human experience. It is framed into the three parts of a black person's search for identity: Chiron the bullied loner kid, growing into the troubled teenager, to become the self-accepting man. Along the way, his physicality transitions from vulnerability, through confusion, to defiant strength, yet at each stage he is the same kid who doesn't fit in. There are only three human anchors in his life: his unstable drug-addict mother Paul, a drug-dealing proxy father Juan, and his only friend Kevin with whom he shares his sexual awakening. He grows with few words spoken from behind a psychological shield that he carries to ease the pain of disconnectedness. The film's all-black cast takes away the focus on race; what remains is a universal lonely man on a path to gay masculinity.The best-fit genre label for this narrative is 'coming-of-age', but this story is less about happenings and more about being and becoming. In so many scenes we are hauled in to share how Chiron physically experiences his forward propulsion. The filming style is key to its intimacy, with its close- framed detail conveying a tactile sensuality and personal connection to Chiron. The film is a swirling montage of memorable metaphors: such as Chiron's deer-like eyes reflecting terror of attacker and rescuer; a single falling tear depicting a torrent of pain; being cradled on water as a yearning for trust; his forgiving glare when Kevin betrays him; the open fingers grasping slipping sand one moment and physical pleasure the next; and his tortoise shell of heavy jewellery as a badge of machismo. Exquisite ambiguity and moral ambivalence is the colour palette of Moonlight, captured by hand-held camera-work that conveys frenzied realism and uncertainty about what is around the corner. No other recent film has such an understated narrative with such an overwhelming richness of moment and detail.Moonlight has more in common with impressionist paintings than modern cinema. It is soft-focused and visceral. It is not about race or sexuality or masculinity, yet it takes us into those spaces to experience the film rather than just watch. It defies holistic labels and compels engagement with its fragments. You do not see this film for entertainment but to share a journey into darkness to find light.

I was very excited to see this movie, but got very disappointed with what I saw. Despite the good performance of Naomi Harris, the move is very boring for me taste. The movie is very slow and way overrated. I really don't see the deal with the performance of Mr. Ali but maybe it's just me...

Without a doubt this should be at the top of the most overrated movies of 2016. I cannot believe that I managed to stay awake during this trite story that goes absolutely nowhere. Not sure what message the director was trying to convey, but it utterly lost in the unbelievably slow pace and sleep inducing dialogue. Evidently this is supposed to be a story about a young, black man who is coming to terms with being gay in the gang/drug culture of Miami. Maybe that's a good story line, but it is impossible to relate to any of the characters due to the horribly boring writing. Definitely a movie to be missed. Borderline unwatchable and certainly not deserving of an Oscar nomination.

It is difficult to effectively display certain inner conflicts one may experience during the coming of age, but 'Moonlight' stunningly portrays three chapters in the life of a young, black boy and his struggle whilst growing up gay. Starting off with Little (Alex Hibbert); a boy who is taken under the wing of local drug dealer Juan (Mahershala Ali), followed by him as a teen, referred to as Chiron (Ashton Sanders), slowly uncovering and accepting his sexuality, then finally as a man (Trevante Rhodes), living his life begrudgingly with the burden of his troubled past. All this is then juxtaposed by a very difficult relationship with his mother, Paula, (Naomie Harris), falling in love with his best friend, and getting bullied consistently throughout school. The consequences of each prospect are dealt with astonishingly, somehow illustrating issues that have deep and dark implications with serenity and consideration. It simply is wonderful to watch.Some have referred to this feature as "mundane". However, director Barry Jenkins displays the toughness of this boy's life with appropriate genuineness. Amongst it all, Jenkins' unquestionable artistic talent demonstrates a troubled soul who cannot grasp exactly what it is that makes him different with seamless realism. He does this through the subtle ocean imagery every time Chiron encounters something challenging, which ties the narrative together ingeniously. This, combined with an excellent screenplay by Jenkins, inspired by Tarell Alvin McCraney's play, 'In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue', results in a naturally flowing story that makes 'Moonlight' immensely powerful.All three actors portray the main character with equal conviction, immersion and entrancing absorption; it certainly feels like an overarching story following one character, a hard task to truly pull off unless, like Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood', you use the same actor over an extended period. Ali's supporting role as the complicated, good-willed drug dealer, Juan, is indeed praiseworthy but it is Harris' performance that is most awe-inspiring. Certainly Oscar worthy, her marvellous display as Chiron's damaged, drug addicted mother is one that particularly stands out, despite the movie in itself being an incredible cinematic experience altogether. The extra layer of Juan being Paula's supplier adds further gravity to the situation, which is, to put it frankly, just one of many factors in the movie that pull delicately at your heartstrings. Jenkins successfully sustains the emotional attachment throughout, and has created an absolute serene picture; it is difficult to resist a rewatch.Intricately and carefully crafted, 'Moonlight' truly does shine as a masterwork, conveying emotions in their utmost complexity as part of a story where, in reality, 'little' happens (pun intended). Barry Jenkins comes to the forefront as an emerging talent in directing, with the standard set so high, it is now intriguing to anticipate just what his next project, 'A Contract with God' (a three-part directed feature), will be like.

I watched it cause of your hyper-critics, and deeply disagree with them.The acting is stereotypical, insisted, and uninteresting. Characters are all obvious, and repeat themselves one generation after another. The camera doesn't dig beyond surface, and photography is shallow and uninteresting. Dialogues!? A little drama, so far the protagonist is aphasic. If l were black, l'd consider it a bad racial movie, so far those (all black) characters are depicted in polarised, mechanical way. No hope, no change. The shooting is lengthy and misses suspense. A few lyrical moments, when old time friends meet up again, are reasonably, yet obviously, good. I wasted time and money, TV has much more on offer daily

I bought a pass from our local theater to see all the Oscar nominated movies for best picture this week, right before the Oscars. Moonlight was my number 5, and I was really excited about seeing it. I had no idea what it was about, like the other movies I saw already (Hidden Figures, Hell or High Water, Arrival, Hacksaw Ridge so far). I really enjoyed the other four movies so far, so I was expecting a movie on the same par as these. This movie was so bad that I created an account on here just so I could leave a review and save others the agony of seeing this piece of garbage. It was the most pretentious thing I've seen, and worst movie I've ever seen (and I saw the first 3 seconds of Two Girls One Cup). I kept waiting for it to get good. 10 minutes, 20, 30, 60, 90?! And then boom, the movie was over with no plot (of which there was none) resolution to be seen. I really don't know what it was about. I cannot fathom why this thing was nominated for anything, except for a Razzie, and now I keep wondering if Asthon Kutcher is gonna show up at the Oscars and tell the director he was punk'd for being nominated. I hate to say it, but I think the only reason it was nominated and reviewed so highly by the powers that be, is because of white guilt, and that's the simple and plain truth. Hollywood is trying to avoid the mad black actors from last year (Hi Jada S.) that were mad at there being no people of color being nominated, so this pile of crap was given its affirmative action place with some other movies that were actually well made.

Moonlight (2016) **** (out of 4)Extremely well-made and lyrical movie that deals with a young black man trying to survive in Miami while discovering who he is through a series of hard times. We first meet "Little" (Alex R. Hibbert) as a young kid who is discovered by a local drug dealer (Mahershala Ali) who tries to teach him some life lesson. We then meet him as a teenager (Ashton Sanders) where he is constantly being bullied while at the same time trying to learn his sexuality. Finally, in the third act, we meet him as an adult (Trevante Rhodes) and see how these earlier events have shaped his life.MOONLIGHT is a fantastic character study and I'd argue that it's one of the most interesting ever made. I'm not saying it's one of the greatest films ever made but at the same time I would argue that it's one of the best directed and acted movies that I've seen in a very long time and the end result is something rather special. Yes, we've seen these coming of age dramas for countless decades now but this one here still manages to come across rather fresh and original.What I loved most about the film were the performances by the three actors playing the same character at various stages of his life. A lot of movies try this and it's rare that all three are so believable in their roles that you really do feel as if you're watching one character throughout a period. All three actors really did seem to have studied each other or at least had such great direction where they were all acting the same way, with the same emotions and as the film went along you could see how the teenager was in the younger version and how these two versions played a major role on the adult.The performances here are simply wonderful with Hibbert, Sanders and Rhodes delivering some of the finest performances of the year. The amount of emotional and realism they bring this character is something really breathtaking to watch. Ali is the real standout though as he plays a man we meet and who at first we don't know anything about him. We slowly learn about his character but the presence Ali brings to the role is something truly excellent to watch and he delivers a knock out performance. Janelle Monáe is also wonderful as his girlfriend as is Naomie Harris as the boy's mother.Director Barry Jenkins does an extremely wonderful job at keeping the film moving along. There's a terrific visual style including the opening sequence, which just grabs you and pulls you into this world. MOONLIGHT is one of the better character studies out there and it certainly takes you on a fantastic voyage of a boy trying to learn to be himself and become a man.

If you love long drawn-out scenes with no dialogue, trite characters, and around an hour too long, then this is the film for you. The main character lives with a junkie mom, yet always appears bandbox fresh?The main character, is habitually, and is known for speaking slowly, or not at all! and with few words when he does. Slow doesn't begin to cover the tediousness of this habit on screen. This is just one more message film beating one over the head... okay we get it!Artistic? No way! Pretentious as hell.

Told in three parts, the story of a bullied boy ('Little") growing up with a lack of love and guidance in the slums of Miami, his life as an isolated, beleaguered teenager ("Chiron") and finally his persona and relationships as a man ("Black" ). Script, directing, acting, cinematography, music were all outstanding. The acting will blow you away. The themes at play have rarely been given such a realistic rendering. You feel as if you are watching a real boy cope with the strange unfairness he finds at every turn. And you are grateful for the occasional kindnesses he receives. The audience I was with at Telluride LOVED it. I feel it is a masterpiece.

The photography of this movie is more than amazing, but the plot is really poor. Slow, predictable and specially there are many issues not explained. And we do have to believe this is a nice ending? It tries to be a copycat from Boyhood and even more, from Truffaut series... This year Oscar's selection are really disappointing. Teresa and specially Blue are interesting characters and then suddenly we do not know anything else from them. Bullying in the school is so often, I suffered... buy we then wonder if he goes to a special school or what happened? Moved to Atlanta? why? when? Too many gaps. Last but not least, looks really weird that Chiron can be the same boy from 17 to the last chapter (Black). The three actors play very well but the idea of the director of not making them meet for me is wrong... too different. Solitude is a way specific feeling.

When Moonlight ended, a woman a few rows back said,"Is that it?" That was exactly what I was thinking. This movie received so many excellent reviews from critics, and awards and nominations galore, that I assumed it must be quite good. Unfortunately, I do not agree with these critics or the various award giving entities in this case. I do not think it should have ever been nominated for best picture or best director. I give it a 4 out of ten. Moonlight is not entertaining, nor is it interesting. I can only guess that they thought it was politically correct to give a movie about a bullied,gay, black teen a good review because of all the controversy surrounding the Academy Awards supposed lack of ethnic diversity. I would nominate Denzel Washington's "Fences" instead.

"Moonlight" may very well be a breath of fresh air to others who are tired to death of our culture's obsession with labeling and categorizing everything in an attempt to understand it. If it can't be easily categorized, it's either frightening and something to be opposed to, or it's abnormal and therefore something to be marginalized.The main conflict at the heart of "Moonlight," a beautiful movie about a young black man's coming of age in poor and drug-afflicted Miami, is our protagonist's inability to define himself in terms that his environment will allow. He doesn't fit into any of the categories available to him, so he sets out to force himself into one that seems like the best option. His name is Chiron, and the movie shows him to us at three stages of his life, portrayed by three different but wonderful actors. As a little boy, he struggles with loneliness and neglect thanks to a crack-addicted mom (played by Naomie Harris) and takes to the first person who offers to be a father figure to him. In a Dickensian twist, this person happens to be a drug dealer who nevertheless offers him sympathy and understanding not to be found anywhere else. The middle section depicts Chiron as a young man navigating his emerging homosexuality and the high school bullying that goes along with it. In the film's final and most breathtaking sequence, we follow Chiron as a man in his twenties to a reunion with a high school friend who gave him his first gay experience and whom he's never been able to completely move on from. This entire sequence is directed, written, and acted with utmost delicacy.I can't think of a movie in recent memory that puts loneliness and anguish on screen more effectively than "Moonlight." It's a movie that asks us to see life from the perspective of a very specific individual but then draws universal conclusions from it that makes the superficial differences between him and the viewer (I'm not black, I'm not gay, I didn't grow up in a poor urban environment) melt away until you feel deep compassion and sympathy for a fellow human being who is doing what we all are -- navigating the complexities of living on this world and making the best of it we can.Grade: A

I cannot remember the last time that I got up and walked out of the movie theater but it's been decades. Well, that's exactly what I did today after stomaching about 45 minutes of this very poorly written, poorly directed, slow story of despair, desperation, and misery.I also can't believe people are actually giving this trash of a movie good reviews.It was depressing from the start, but I gave the movie a chance because I wanted to believe they were going somewhere with the story. I was right, they were going somewhere with the story all right. It's a gay love story that seemed to have no purpose or meaning other than someone wanting to make a movie about a dysfunctional, drug addicted "mother/son relationship and how he grew up bullied and confused about his life and sexuality.Both thumbs down. Horrible waste of time and money. First time I ever asked the theater management for my money back. Booooooo!!

A film adapted from a play by Tarell McCraney, Moonlight is the cinematic fictional tale of a young black male growing up in Liberty City, a tough neighborhood in Miami. I was attracted to this movie for a number of reasons; it has an African American director, an all black cast, and the trailer is one of the most compelling I have seen in a while. Moonlight has been getting extensive critical acclaim and after viewing it for myself, I can attest that it is well deserved. The lead character, Chiron has to deal with bullying from the neighborhood kids, neglect from his drug addicted mother, as well as the overwhelming confusion about his sexuality. In this coming of age story, director Barry Jenkins illustrates this fable using three chapters. The first chapter follows Chiron through his childhood, while the next chapter picks up with Chiron in high school. The final chapter depicts Chiron as a young man. I enjoyed the way the movie transitioned from one chapter to the next; each chapter ending at a pivotal moment in Chiron's life and the following chapter starting with little mention of what took place in the interim. At times, characters would briefly mention events that occurred outside of the movie's time frame in a way that does not feel forced, much like the film's seamless dialogue. Characters' exchanges have a genuineness that leaves the viewer feeling as if they are eavesdropping on real conversations. It is almost as if the dialogue is not scripted at all; a testament to the high quality of the performances. The acting is first class all around; from the three lesser-known actors playing Chiron, to the more recognizable stars like Janelle Monae and Mahershala Ali. Every actor played a major part in contributing to my emotional investment in the film and the characters. Mahershala Ali's name has been mentioned quite frequently in regard to a possible Oscar nomination for his portrayal of Chiron's father figure Juan, but the standout performance in my eyes comes from Naomie Harris. She plays Chiron's mother Paula, and is the only actor in each chapter of the movie. Ali puts forth a heart-wrenching performance through which the viewer can watch her character evolve from one chapter to the next alongside Chiron. At times it was very difficult to watch because Ali's performance feels so authentic, leaving the viewer feeling even more empathetic towards Chiron. I enjoyed Moonlight because I related heavily to the main character. As a youth I was shy, introverted, and did not fit in with other boys my age, similar to Chiron. Out of a desire to fit in, I conformed to the societal norms set in place for young black males. I pretended to enjoy activities in which I had no interest. In doing so, I lost sight of who I was and what made me happy, which is illustrated beautifully in Moonlight. As much as I enjoyed Moonlight, I have to admit I found the ending to be anticlimactic. There are many character arcs the movie left unexplained that worked most of the time, but I expected more from the ending. However, I reminded myself that cinema is an art form, and the best art is left to the spectator to interpret. With that being said, Moonlight is a film that everyone should see to come to his or her own conclusion. After further processing Moonlight, I have grown to enjoy how it ended and have found it to be one of the best films I have seen this year. If you are a fan of cinema like myself and appreciate exceptional acting, great storytelling, and beautiful cinematography, I urge you to support Moonlight.

Everything you read about this one is a lie. It's not a masterpiece,  will not "open your eyes". What we have is a man-on-man love story  about a boy called Little who suspects he's "different" and is told so  (in no easy terms) by his classmates. When he slams one of these guys  in the head with a chair his life of crime begins, as he evolves into a  successful but lonely drug dealer (Sweet!). When he reconnects with the  guy who seduced him it becomes a happily-ever-after affair. As a Street  Drama the movie is lame. The makers of this film, and the reviewers,  are spineless deceivers. If they had the courage of their convictions  they'd be up-front concerning what the movie is about.

The 10 star reviews are shocking and Best Picture Oscar are shocking. I found the film tedious and dull. Nothing engaging or interesting to draw my attention away from the awful dialogue and predictable story arcs. Whilst I haven't seen any films about gay black men growing up in poverty, this film told me nothing about that struggle that I couldn't have written myself on the back of an envelope. If the academy felt compelled to give Best Picture to a film featuring actors of colour, both Hidden Figures and Lion were far more deserving.

Pure piece of propaganda, I actually believe Oscar was manipulated in the last moment and something went wrong.I wonder why the protagonist is not also a quadriplegic and deaf. This movie confirms - Oscars are just political issue. As well as Nobel prizes and similar events.

Yes, it had good acting. Yes, it was technically well made. But there's no there there. For us it never achieved liftoff. It kept plodding on and on, nothing really wrong with it, but nothing to justify spending two hours on. In the end (and at the end) we were left wondering, why is the end now? Why not 30 minutes before or 30 minutes after? Possibly a good movie for film buffs/critics who are tired of the same old thing, but for the occasional movie goer, we can do better.

I was hoping something was going to happen, I felt as though i wasted 2 hours of my life in this slow and boring film. I heard the reviews were good but what was so good about it? He hardly said a word and it was just a lot of eye contact. Disappointed and I won't ever watch it again. It's typical of American producers nowadays making slow boring dramas with no edge at all to them.

This is a movie that deserves to be seen without knowing too much about it. I want to be brief about my reaction to this film, but what I really want is for you to know that this is a must-see film because it showcases a story from characters not seen enough in film. It's an important film not because it draws attention to race, but because it reminds the audience that skin color shouldn't be a factor in filmmaking (though there are exceptions, particularly with historical accuracy).First, I must applaud Berry Jenkins on his firm direction. He is not afraid to be poetic, to guide his film away from conventional storytelling and offers the audience to connect to the film in their own way. The film is not about a black man figuring out his sexuality, but about how identity takes time to discover, something almost (if not) everyone can relate to. The performances, ranging from the children to the adults, are so raw and powerful. Naomie Harris and Mahershala Ali are the standouts, both on the verge of receiving awards recognition. A standing ovation to the casting director!The soundscape is particularly impressive. It knows when to draw in sound and when to take it away, what type of music is necessary in the particular scene (bravo to composer Nicholas Britell), when to bring the volume and bass up or down, and so on.There is so much more to say about this film, but I want to leave it up to you to decide. And I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.

Wanted to see as many 2016 films as possible, especially those that won or were nominated for the big awards. Took me a while to see 'Moonlight', with the controversy it garnered when it was announced for the Best Picture Oscar and the amount of hate it's got here part of me was wary.Finally getting round to seeing 'Moonlight', it turned out that it was more than well worth the while and that the wariness was not needed. 'Moonlight' is not a perfect film and may not have been my personal pick for the Best Picture award (for me that was 'La La Land' though that is not a popular opinion it seems). Truly admired what it set out to do and found it a brave and powerful film, despite what the detractors say there is far more to 'Moonlight's' appeal than politics, sexuality and race (clearly trying to find conspiracy theories and reasons for why a film they dislike is loved by others, without taking into account that the film simply just connected to and resonated with those who liked it).'Moonlight' does end on an anti-climactic note, some of the last act is a bit rushed. A longer length would have helped as a result, it also would have helped make a couple of events in the first act a little clearer and not so choppy. It may not say much new, despite the ground-breaking concept on paper with the exploration of lives rarely seen on film, and doesn't always have subtlety. Then again it is tackling far from subtle themes and a heavy subject, so that sort of was going to be inevitable. However, 'Moonlight' is an exceptionally well made film. The cinematography and editing are some of the most eye-pleasing and best of that year, and can't find anything to fault the expertly handled direction. The music is cleverly mixed and has haunting power and fluidity. Regarding the writing, it is not perfect, at times as said a little heavy-handed and vague in parts, but it is thought-provoking and handles very ambitious, relevant, important themes with power, truth and (mostly) delicacy. The story makes the most of the three act structure, it's handled simply but not simplistically and also handled cleverly and with passion, honesty and intelligence. Found myself relating quite a lot to and being moved significantly by the story and found the film handled a heavy and sensitive subject matter with a lot of relevance and importance today more than admirably. Can't fault the acting, doing wonders with compellingly real characters and strongly defined character relationships (especially the central one). Much has been made of Maharshala Ali and Naomie Harris and deservedly with two of the best performances that year, Ali especially is extraordinary. It is easy though to overlook Alex R. Hibbert, Trevante Rhodes and Ashton Sanders and one shouldn't, as they are just as worthy (particularly Sanders). Overall, didn't completely blow me away but very well done and with a lot to admire. 8/10 Bethany Cox

After I saw "The Arrival", I was almost certain it was going to be my favorite film of the year. Nothing else I had seen in 2016 even compared. Then I went to the theater and saw "Moonlight". I actually had to wait a few days to fully process this movie. Absolute masterwork. In every aspect, this is perfect. Beautiful shots, great cinematography. Acting was the best I have ever seen in any film. The plot was presented very tastefully and mature, given the subject matter. I am standing by this word; if this film does not at least receive a nomination at the Oscars, I won't waste my time with them anymore. This film left me speechless and paralyzed for about 5 min after screening it. I am rarely affected this heavily by films today. Kudos to the writers/producers and cast/crew for a job well done. Without a doubt this receives my pick for film of the year and a perfect score of 10/10.

This film grips you from the very beginning. Its not an easy film to watch as it portrays the struggles many black men face growing up in marginalized neighborhoods. Its survival everyday. And for the main character, it becomes evident from the very beginning that his struggles will be augmented due to the difficult predicament he was born into.But this film does have a human and universal story that everyone will be able to relate to. The message, no matter where you come from, you can always overcome your adversities and turns things around. There is always an opportunity waiting for you, With that said, there is the reality of the surrounding. You are the product of your environment. The film does bring this point home many times. This film has had Oscar buzz and it is definitely worthy of it. The performances were powerful and raw. If this film gets a chance, this could prove to be the little independent that could because its humanity is way beyond the scope of cinematic art any studio could possibly finance. This film has a vision. You will find the filmmaker does not relent or compromise what he's willing to say. Highly recommended.

Moonlight is the story of Chiron (nicknamed Little) told in three parts. Part one shows him as a child struggling to fit in, part two shows him as a teenager working to discover who he is, and part three explores his life as an adult. Its story is paced well, and although it isn't the most complicated story, the movie was engaging and rarely got boring. The writers took chances, such as only having Chiron speak periodically. They used silence very well in this movie. The camera work was generally unimpressive, save for a few interesting uses, such as the very opening shot of the movie. The same could be said about the lighting, however this movie didn't exactly need any special lighting effects. The character driven plot and writing were more than enough to keep this movie interesting.Barry Jenkins (director, writer) and Yesi Ramirez (casting director) did a great job mixing well known actors with less experienced ones. Mahershala Ali (House of Cards, Luke Cage, The Hunger Games), and Naomie Harris (Skyfall, Spectre, Pirates of the Caribbean) highlight a deep cast, one in which it is hard to find a weak link. Moonlight deserves the praise it garnered at the Toronto Film Festival, where it premiered. This film tells a story which is often overlooked, and one that is important to hear.

I opened an account to write this review. This film won the Oscar for best film. It currently has a 98% score on Rotten Tomatoes. Metacritic gives it 99%. IMDb aggregates the score at 7.8. Now, when we look at the actual user reviews, we see that most scores hover around 1 and 2. Yet an aggregate score of 7.8? Take from that what you will. So, going by the user reviews, it's pretty clear most people are utterly bewildered by how dreadful this film is in the face of so many lavishly gushing reviews. What could possibly be going on, one wonders?So lets just cut to the chase: the PC policy of Mainstream Media and Hollywood has been all-consuming and utterly transparent for years.The reception to this film is actually a very nice illustration of what's going on in the world right now: the Mainstream Media picks a political position (always very very far Left for, of course, there's nothing quite as distasteful as a conservative), uniformly sticks to it, and shamelessly abandons all objectivity for fear of not being seen to hold the 'correct' view. The condescension towards readers is always extraordinary. We the readers are expected to swallow this, time and time again, and be grateful.On top of that, this is Hollywood being so blatantly, outrageously duplicitous, while at the very same time constantly lecturing us on politics and ethics! Really, Moonlight winning the Oscar in the year that Trump was elected could not be more fitting.

Within the first five minutes I grasped the vibe, story, and aura. No need to see anymore. Still, to be fair I kept watching with an open mind to give it a chance, and it's just not a good movie. I don't know how it's getting awards hype other than to make up for last year and for political reasons only. I actually enjoyed Sully more and I didn't even like Sully that much, but compared to this I did.After sitting through and being pleasantly blown away and surprised by LA La Land, this movie was a downer right from the onset, and I'm not buying it. It's clearly just "Oscar bait", and there are no great actors leading the cast. This is just a depressing film made to garner awards and differentiate a political statement for the sake of it. After seeing many interesting films this year, I can't believe this is getting as much praise and popularity as it is.2/10. Horrible.

How this kind of cheap political crap could win a Best Picture Oscar? The answer is, it's all because it's a movie that is delivering the political message, we been experiencing similar political messages last 8 years at Oscars. But remember a film is all about art! What will you learn from Moonlight, how to sell drugs, how to prostitute yourself, how to grow up and become a wealthy drug dealer? I watched it ill, this is just another boring, low-budget, movie, that kills hopes of a young director and actors to be in a film that wins Best Picture. Instead, it shows "even if we don't think so, we have to make politically correct decision to choose the Moonlight!"It's all about living in a hood, but I don't live in a hood, people need hope to live their lives, to build their families, to proceed in a career, to make new movies and become new directors. Moonlight is a dead end, again and again!

Barry Jenkins is a fascinating storyteller, and in large part because of how he goes about being fascinated by his subject, how his camera roams at times, and at others when he knows to cut between his subjects. But most of all, he is a truly magnificent filmmaker because of how he so deftly finds universal themes from a place and people that is somewhat specific. This is a story about a boy who grows into a man - I'm tempted to call it the 'better, bigger, blacker-er Boyhood', though that's not totally the case - but he is also a boy growing up in a largely black, Southern, lower (middle?) class neighborhood, where it seems drugs are everywhere (including his own mother who is an addict) and no one can be "soft". And if you're gay, a "f***ot?" Watch out.I grew up in a town and in the public school system where it was predominantly black and brown and Hispanic, and it seemed like even having the slightest effeminate tendencies would make that one a subject for immediate ridicule (I was even picked on and I was pretty sure from a young age I wasn't gay, but was picked on so much for a moment almost though I was, it was that persistent). It may not be so different for white small towns or big cities or who knows what, but it's especially difficult for African-American men to come out. And yet if Moonlight was only about the gay issue then it would be interesting but not overly compelling. I think what Jenkins and his actors are communicating so strongly is being *so* isolated and without any options that it's about one's overall identity. Sex and attraction is a large component, but simply knowing who one is is a major struggle.Jenkins has some very big, emotional scenes in this film, which is told in three parts, in large part coming from the dynamic between the boy, called "Little" but actual named Chiron, and his mother (Naomie Harries, I mean, god damn she is amazing in this). However, the predominant mood here is one of subtlety, of a vision that is fairly ambitious but is more about the interior life of his protagonist, this boy having to navigate how he should be in a society that leaves little options to get out and be something more than a drug dealer or the like (eventually, both he and another friend character, Kevin, wind up in jail in-between parts 2 and 3. This can be a difficult way to make someone interesting, but there's so much truth from these young actors, especially the boy playing Chrion in middle-school age, that your heart pours out even more because of the restraint, because of the shyness that is hiding back an entire interior life that's more than what we can see: one of pain and want.The way Jenkins shoots everything gives characters and places an extra texture, how he'll show two people by a beach at night becoming closer together naturally over minutes that feel pregnant with meaning. To use the word 'sensitively drawn and performed' may be a cliché, but sensitive is the only way I can think to describe it. This isn't to say it's melodramatic, far from it; when we get the bullies that come at Chiron, it feels raw and immediate, like something could pop and violence could erupt at any moment. Sometimes, it seems, it does. A small piece of advice is given to the boy by the drug dealing father-figure (no one else in his life fills that role, and he doesn't realize at first he is a dealer): no one can tell you who you are, you have to figure that out for yourself.When I first got out of the theater at the end, I was wondering if the ending was slightly abrupt, that things come to a conclusion somewhat not so much fast but there's something else. I think writing this review now, I was more touched and moved by the thought of 'I now want to see where this story goes, what happens now that Chrion has had this emotional breakthrough.' It's as subtle as many moments in this film, but there's a poetic side to it that is potent and you can almost touch it that it's so powerful. Moonlight is profound because it doesn't force anything, it lets those moments where things aren't said speak out loud, when characters share looks or someone looks away while another looks straight on at another person, or the movement of boys with one another, and you can fill in the gaps for yourself. It's also a look at the black experience that is both specific to that world but goes beyond that: if you've ever not known who you are in your life, if you've felt lost or abused or abandoned, this is a film for you.

So how many films do we have to see about poverty, drug use, inner city struggle and young boys coming of age n the hood?The original version of this now tired story-line is the 1991 Boyz n The Hood and still the best version.Just because the writers make the young boy gay, doesn't make it innovative.On top of it, the flow of the film is jagged. Unrelated scenes and dialogue that do nothing for it's artistic or deep portrayal. The early scenes show the working mother striving to provide, worried about her son's whereabouts as he comes home to a clean furnished apartment in a low income neighbourhood. Next thing we jump to her on crack, spewing all sorts of vilification towards her son's orientation while he's at home in the apartment now empty, no hot water and the kid's boiling water on the stove to take a bath. Keeping in mind he's all of 7 or 8.Okay so without at lease an inkling of a backstory we make the jump wondering what fresh hell is next? All in all each scene rambles in meaningless directions with meaningless dialogue.Sorry folks, I didn't stick around to find out if there's a happy ending.It's just a bad film trying to make you feel as if you should care because there are poignant important issues on offer. The truth is the film is exploiting important issues hoping the audience isn't savvy enough to pick up on the extremely bad writing.The writing manipulates the audience with over the top emotional brutality and preys upon our need to remain politically correct toward the content. In reality the content is both racist and homophobic. Thanks but no thanks.

I cannot see what so many others see in this film. The story line is predictable and formulaic. At times the camera work is poor, especially in the night scenes. A couple of times I felt that the camera lens must have had dirt on it. The continuity in some scenes was terrible. For example, in the early scene where they were playing football, the chain around Kevins' neck was out when shot from 1 angle then inside his shirt from another angle. Later on in the film, items were put onto a table and then when the shot widened they had disappeared. I was not the only one at the screening I went to that thought the last scene was very poor and did not really finish the film well. It was if there should have been a fourth section but they ran out of money to film it.

So, o.k. lets have a shot at Oscar - O.k. but how - Lets make a movie about black people - Sure, that's a good start, but not enough - Lets make it both about skin and sexuality - Hm, that is going somewhere, but still... - O.k. then, the full underprivileged minority mode: poverty, immigration, gay, drugs, skin color... - OK, great and whats the plot? - no plot, no deep inside drama, no photography. don't get lost here. we need to show that there exists a gay black man, who was bullied, whose fatherly figure is an immigrant, mother is a drug addict, and he lives in a black ghetto. - man, that's a WIN!

Another film about race in AmericaAnd as such, it gives that sensation of "deja-vu all over again".And what one sees in those films is always the same procession of low- lives, garbage people, extremely dysfunctional families, sexual deviancy, criminals, and very questionable life styles, to say the least.It seems that anything involving a racially themed film has to resort to the scum of society.This is one of those films for pseudo-intellectuals, liberals and that sort of people who revel in watching rotting garbage (any kind of garbage, be it social or organic) and consider it as an elevated form of art.

Just writing this to let people know not to waste your time. If Moonlight should be nominated for anything, it should be for a Razzie. Most likely Hollywood's anti-Trump hysteria, led the Academy into awarding Moonlight the Best Picture award. If this was given for "Creed" in 2015 it would have been a well deserved one. A few years from now when one look back, without a doubt Moonlight will be at the top of the most overrated movies of 2016

I've said for some time now that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is completely out of touch with the real world. The last time I think they got it right was when LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING won and that was in 2003. If you disagree that's fine but then name at least 5 movies that have won for best picture since then not including the most recent. Which is what I'm here to discuss. MOONLIGHT.The story of MOONLIGHT follows the life of Chiron aka Little. Divided into three sections we see Little as a young child, later as a teen and finally as an adult. As the film opens Little is being chased by several other boys who are calling him gay in the most slang term kids can figure at that age. Running away he hides in an abandoned motel where he is found by Juan (Mahershala Ali). Juan is the local supplier for crack on the street but he's taken an interest in Chiron.Chiron's mother Paula (Naomie Harris) isn't happy that Juan has taken this interest. To her the boy only needs his mother and not some local drug dealer in his life. Unfortunately she is well acquainted with said dealer as she is one of his regular customers. When she goes on a bender, Little ends up at the home of Teresa (Janelle Monae), Juan's girlfriend. He also find's comfort in the friendship he has with Kevin, another boy at school.The second chapter deals with the events in Little's life that change him forever. Still battling the bullying he gets at school one night he and Kevin hang out on the beach (the film takes place in Miami). There the two young boys have a sexual encounter. Before anyone goes ballistic this I will say that it is tastefully handled when you consider what most straight sexual situations involve. The next day one of the bullies, friends with Kevin, reminds him of an old game they used to play where they would pick someone out of a crowd and challenge each other to knock them out. Of course he picks Little. Unwilling to let them know his true feelings, Kevin follows through, crushing Little emotionally.The third chapter involves Little now going by his given name of Chiron. His life is completely different now, altered by the fallout from the final moments of the second section of the film. Street smart and following in the footsteps of Juan he re-encounters Kevin. Where things go from there is anyone's guess and deserves to be seen rather than discussed.Trust me when I say I've not revealed too many details of the story here. It is the bare bones description with more around it. What those words don't do though is inform you of just how bad this movie it. It commits the ultimate sin in a movie for me: it's boring. At no time did I find myself feeling an extreme amount of sympathy for any of the characters found in this film. Perhaps a smidgen of empathy for young Little but his unwillingness to stand up for himself slowly eases away your caring for him. None of the other characters have much of a redeeming quality about them either with perhaps the exception of Juan but the fact that he deals crack makes that a little hard to take.The pacing of the movie is incredibly slow. With each passing minute I found myself clicking the remote to find out just how much of the movie was left. But this was supposed to be the best movie made last year having just won the Oscar for Best Picture. So I hung in there, never fast forwarding and roughing it through from start to finish. By the time the credits began to roll I couldn't wait to hit stop.This movie is one of those films made to appeal to both critics and fellow actors. It is an attempt to justify film as an art film and in so doing it degrades that possibility instead. For some reason those in the business think that to qualify as art a movie can't be entertaining or popular it seems. If you don't believe me tell me how many of the Best Picture winners from the last 10 years have you seen. I've seen all but 2 and can tell you that only 4 of them are in my collection and they are ones I rarely revisit.Hollywood needs to stop trying to prove to the worlds that they are an art form and carry on making movies that entertain. And when doing so they need to ease back on the remakes, adaptations of comics (even if I love those movies) and never ending sequels. There was a time when movies were made in weeks rather than months, when they came out in droves rather than a slow release and when even drive in movies provided entertainment and creativity. As for this movie I can't recommend enough steering clear of it. That is unless you're in need of something to lull you into sleep and pills are not available.

This movie has nothing to write about just a trash black gay boy growing up, some flash backs, a lot of trash talk, a lot of sitting and useless scenes and a spoiled drug addict move who does not care about his gay boy, and there comes a grown up black DRUG DEALER who tries to help out GAY boy. Later GAY boy falls in love with his friend because he jerked him off on the beach and this is it.Save yourself 2 hours guys. Overrated stupid movie ever.

I watched this movie due to all the amazing reviews for it and let me say this is the worst movie I have ever seen; i use the term movie lightly as it made no sense, had no story line or plot that is understandable. There is no point to this movie. Do not waste your time and believe the reviews.

6.9/10, I did not like it, the first hour I think it is pretty good, as we show the complexes and problems of Chiron as a child and as a teenager, is one of the successes of this film, this is thanks to Barry Jenkins that I think this first hour is very well written and the direction of Barry Jenkins is brilliant. He takes us by the hand and tells us an interesting story,accompanied with great music and very beautiful cinematography. Mahershala Ali , the music and the cinematography are the best of the movie.After the first hour , the film falls and it turns boring, the story does not advance any more and it seems that the movie is about anything, we can not explore more our main character, there is not much rank on what we see about Chiron.

I can't think of a movie that should have won Best Picture this year but this one shouldn't even have been nominated. I bet the script for this thing had to be 10 pages or less - there is so much dead time with nothing going on visually or from the dialogue. Plenty of time to get up to go to the bathroom without having to stop the video. The basic story has potential but like so many movies these days this thing just suddenly stops - there's no ending, no conclusion, no lessons learned, no redemption, NOTHING. And my last point: why do black film people make these horrible stereotype movies of their own "culture" which they always deny as being typical. This movie has the mother as a drug user and whore, the father figure as a dealer, at least 2 of the main characters having been to prison. Come on, I'm not saying every black story should be based on the Huxtables but this movie is depressing and hopeless. The Best Supporting Actor winner was sleep-walking through his role - the kid's mother had a much better performance. Skip it.

Only signed up on IMDb so i could rate this time wasting awful movie. movie is just a story of common man so what. story goes no where. nothing. you just wait for the movie to get at some point. but no . you will have to try not to sleep during the movie. this is i guess the worst movie ever .

Best Picture? check.Mahershala Ali? check (big fan of his from House of Cards).A potentially unique story told from a so-far untold perspective? checkA tepid, slow, meandering, meaningless, sparkless two-hour bore? check.1. As mentioned, I really like Ali. But this was not within 100 miles of an Oscar-worthy performance. I suppose he looks and acts like a drug dealer, but aside from the superficial, he isn't all that different from "Remy Danton", lip-licking included. I suspect this is an actor "tic", frequently licking his lips, and imo an Oscar-worthy performance needs to be tic-less. Watch Viola Davis in Fences. THAT screams Academy Award.2. I have no issue watching movies about black characters. Or gay characters. Or Black AND gay characters. But I do have an issue watching a movie in which the protagonist is weak, passive, and way too quiet most of the time. I want to know how he feels. I want to hear his opinion.3. If you're doing a film in which there is a time-lapse, your protagonist should kinda sorta look like the same person in each time period. The 3 Chirons really couldn't be much more distinct, and it ruins any sense of continuity of emotion (if any) you've built for this character.Having said that, I thought the middle, teen Chiron was the most interesting and compelling, both in the actor's appearance & performance, and story-wise. I really wish they would have just aged him up. Let's be real, nobody changes THAT much between 16 and their mid-20s. The best part of the film *SPOILER ALERT* was when he was beat up by his friend and instead of ratting out the perpetrators, he marched through the school in a fit of rage and smashed the ringleader with a chair. FINALLY, some raw emotion, anger, venting frustration, action, etc. The film needed more of this, more of Chiron reacting to his environment.I can only echo other reviewers when I posit that this film's "political" content and characters lent itself very well to the awards season. I've seen a great many Best Picture winners, and so far this is the worst film to have won that award.

Obviously Oscars gave them this reward as a compensation for being accused last year for being racist. The movie has no story, nothing special, doesn't worth to be even in the movie theater, I have wasted 2 hours for nothing. Nothing special about the act, story, photography, directing, very amateur and very boring.

What is the best way to attract attention? It's simple. Take a little black boy from some place/hood in U.S.A., and give him the worst life he can imagine. But why stop there? Let this poor boy be a homosexual! Hit them where it hurts! Audience loves that! Now, that's not all.Producer did not think rationally. After all of the above, somebody decided to make some drug dealer important influence in his life. His mother is a prostitute and a drug addict. And so on... Please write movies based on your imagination, not on population statistics. Lets try to forget. What is worst is that Moonlight will get a lot of rewards. Movie that is probably made by some machine. People pay to see that.

Who are the people reviewing this movie with 5 stars??!! Am I in the twilight zone? Did we watch the same movie?? It HAS TO BE paid bloggers giving this movie high marks because there is NO WAY any person in their right mind could say this was a 5, 4 or 3 star movie...no way. First of all, the Red Box description never said this was a GAY movie. I have nothing against gays, I just choose NOT to watch gay movies. This movie is absolutely the most boring, dark, non-eventful piece of nothing that I have ever watched. I usually don't do movie reviews but I had to speak out about this one. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. There really is only one small physical part where he kisses another boy...that's it. So it's not about that....it's about dark, boring scenes, no dialogue, him walking, him sitting down, him getting picked on....and him not speaking!! It was so torturous to finish watching this movie. Probably the worst thing I've seen in 20 years. I felt nothing for the characters and was not moved by one single scene. This is a disgrace that the other GREAT films up for best picture were cheated out of an Oscar. This was obviously another pity vote for a gay themed movie. It's becoming an insult to the entire movie profession.

Chiron (Alex Hibbert), a shy and withdrawn child dubbed "Little" for his meek personality and size, is found hiding from a pack of bullies by Juan (Mahershala Ali), a crack dealer, who takes Chiron to his house where he lives with his girlfriend, Teresa (Janelle Monáe). After being fed dinner and allowed to spend the night, Chiron begins to open up. The next morning, Juan delivers Chiron back to his emotionally abusive mother, Paula (Naomie Harris).The only other person in whom Chiron finds companionship is Kevin (Jaden Piner), to whom he begins to grow attached. Chiron and Juan continue spending more time together, the latter teaching Chiron how to swim while advising him to make his own path in life. One night, Juan notices one of his customers smoking crack in a nearby car with Paula. Juan berates Paula for smoking crack while Paula rebuffs him for selling it to her. Nonetheless ashamed, she takes out her frustrations on Chiron. The next morning, Chiron admits his hatred for his mother to Teresa and Juan. After confronting Juan about selling drugs to his own mother, Chiron leaves as Juan hangs his head in shame.Now a teenager, Chiron (now played by Ashton Sanders) is frequently bullied by one of his peers, Terrel (Patrick Decile), though continuing to remain close to Kevin (now played by Jharrel Jerome). Paula has since become addicted to crack, solicits herself, and coerces Chiron to give her money given to him by Teresa, with whom he continues to spend nights over, despite Juan now being deceased.One night, Chiron has a dream in which Kevin has sex with a woman in the backyard. On another night, Kevin visits Chiron at the beach near his house. While smoking a blunt, they discuss their ambitions in life and the nickname Kevin has given Chiron, "Black." After a charged moment, the two boys kiss and Kevin gives Chiron a handjob.The next morning, Terrel pressures Kevin into partaking in a hazing ritual, ordering him to punch Chiron, to which he reluctantly complies. Chiron refuses to stay down, forcing Kevin to hit him multiple times. Once Chiron is unable to get up, Terrel and others nearby stomp on him until they are chased away by a security guard. A social worker urges Chiron to reveal the identities of his attackers, but Chiron believes reporting them will not solve anything. The next day, he walks into class and smashes a chair into Terrel's back. Chiron is subsequently arrested. As he is put into a police car, he glares at Kevin, who is standing by.

I cannot praise this film highly enough. Firstly, a drama about a gay character which doesn't remotely veer into cheap, crass stereotyping or raucous, misplaced humour. Rather one which rings entirely true to me in a lot of ways, handled with care, subtlety and expertise.The best acting/casting I've seen in decades.It's sad to think, also, that there is such a lack of quality drama involving non-white characters. This will hopefully encourage others to buck the trend.

Moonlight is a film that lacks depth and a plot that would weave it together. If anything it is a display of somewhat random and uninteresting events in a person's life. It is as if the director decided to make a documentary on a random person's life who grew up in a poor part of town with no special significance attached to that person. Through the three stages of the film we see no significant or key events that engage the viewer. Perhaps I need to be a lot more artistic to appreciate it but it may be that viewers create or invent artistic moments in the film because it does not contain it. This was literally a film about nothing. I found myself asking so what? There was nothing gripping and remotely interesting. The critics got this wrong and please do not believe them. I often find that they shove too many big adjectives or words in a single sentence that they believe make them look intelligent. The result is poor grammar and a sentence which makes no sense. So do not trust the film opinion of those who struggle forming basic sentences. I find it a very poor decision that this film won best picture. It is astonishing it was even nominated. We are starting to let go of coherent, deep and well thought of films in favor of incomplete, slow and dull films. In its essence Moonlight is characteristic of new art films that ask you see something that isn't there. To conjure up a feeling or a depth that simply does not exist through its writing, symbolism or directing. Some of the critics for this film will go so far as to say you didn't see the point and then fail to explain it coherently themselves because the reality is you can't. Hot air only gets you high enough. Sadly these films are attracting more sheep or bees to an artificial honey.

It is a shame in this day and age that people can't even be honest with themselves, and in not doing so, do more harm to their cause than good.Simply, this film sucks. No story, no plot, no character development (at least not to the point you care about anyone, including the kid). Just one big dull moment.The thing is, that by 'fluffing' the piece up or saying it is better than it is just because it is a 'black' film it is like saying: This is the best we can do, and when REAL people watch it (not fake reviewers or people fluffing it), they'll say, "Really? Well that was pretty bad." And so, where is the real win?Had it not been for Mahershala Ali who I love on House of Cards, I would have wanted to give this a NEGATIVE 1, as it is, a 2 is generous.

A singular and personal vision. An expression of a feeling, a mood, a time and place that together form empathy, understanding, and art. It's a film of moments, moments weighted with the unseen and the deeply felt with the help of three different superb actors at different times, having to convey all that's changed and unchanged without any exposition.The soundtrack is gorgeous, capturing the sublime and the superficial, the life and the atmosphere of the piece.I want to nitpick the ending but it's not yet time for that. Maybe I just wanted more, but that doesn't necessarily mean the film is at fault. I would simply ask, "What's the message here, if any? It gets better...eventually and kinda randomly?"

I couldn't understand 75% of the noises that came out of peoples' mouths when their mouths moved. Either because they were mumbling, or using slang that was totally alien to me. That's a major problem when trying to make any sense out of what was obviously trying to be a sensitive, reflective study. Possibly because of the comprehension issues, the situation our main protagonist appeared to be in also came across as naive and stereotyped at best - why was he bullied? What had he said or done as a small child and young teenager to deserve this? Other than being small and quiet (facts that were apparent without relying on speech) there didn't appear to be any other justification for the bullying. Unless it was because his mother was a (stereotypical again) druggy and single mum? No, this is a huge case of the Emperor's new clothes, I'm afraid. There is a thin line between sweet and naive - but this film was half baked in too many areas to be anything but an extremely naive piece of film making. One of the poorest films I've had to suffer in a very long time - you shouldn't win Oscars because you had the potential to be a good film.

Minute by minute "Moonlight", achieved to enter my soul into the burning world of the main character, Chiron. I could feel his pain and his everyday problems which were torturing his thoughts. Despite I have nothing to do with his way of life, that movie got me into him with the best and deepest way.Chiron's feelings and thoughts, are so powerful and TRUE, that he didn't even had to talk. With very brief dialogues (and many times without a certain dialogue),he managed to express himself only with his eyes and body language. His eyes were screaming but his voice was soft and calm."Moonlight" presented how hard can life be when poverty exists. Also, being different as a child can mean a brutal childhood like Chiron's who suffered not only from the bullies but from his own self too. He had nothing and that is why he couldn't find who he is.With a very authentinc image of black communities, the movie tells the story of a sensitive child, teenager and young adult, not certainly a gay person. He suffered an Odessey of self-discover.Finally, the only thing that saved him was his honesty about who he truly is. I believe that's the thing in life...Welldone for the great acting, scenario and music. That movie inspired me and showed me a very tough life but same time TRUE. See ya again at the Oscars.

Did the Academy actually watch this movie? The small glimmer of light was the actor that won for best supporting. Outside of that - no plot, character development is next to zero and straight out boring. I am struggling to understand its IMDb rating. Maybe the card was right and La La Land should have won (I haven't watched this movie but it has to be better). Pick up the tax act and read it for two hours - more enjoyable.

Whilst it was acted well the story just did not engage with me. The camera work in the opening section of the film appears designed to induce motion sickness!In the unlikely event I were to watch this on DVD I'd have the subtitles on so I can read what a lot of the dialogue and understand it - in English.For the audience this movie is targeted at it could be regarded as a master piece. It's not aimed at a general audience.Why 109 minutes instead of 111? I fell asleep I was that uninterested.

I am very eclectic when it comes to movies, such as I love the marvel movies, lord of the rings series, Quentin Tarantino, animated, sci-fi, westerns and even horror movies aka the conjuring, purge, green inferno, the insidious series, musical, I have watched Les Miserables countless times and I thought Fences was one of the best performances by denzel in ages..So please believe me I was looking forward to seeing this movie after it what the golden globe awards..I could not even making it through half this movie...I have no issues with slow movies if the actors and dialogue can keep me pulled...aka Fences...but I couldn't even tell what this movie was suppose to be about 1 hour in....the fact that this movie won any award is disservice to all other movies..i hope the Oscars do not give into to the pressures of the ignorant....

Couldn't bear it any longer, was going nowhere. This has to be one of the most atrocious movies we've ever seen. The story line is snail paced and progresses nowhere. All the movie seems to cover is the coming out of a young black boy in the hood. Strange treatment of lead support character Juan in the movie. Think the writer needs a career change. Please ignore Mark Kermode, hope my review will help you dodge a bullet.

I saw this movie in the cinema today, largely influenced to see it by rave reviews from some well-known TV pundits, and the fact that it has some impressive award nominations. I stuck with it, but found it pretty tedious. To a large extent this is because for me the dialogue was difficult to follow – since it is mostly in a rather indistinct southern US urban style. Subtitles would probably help a lot on that front. But that wouldn't speed it up. It is just a fairly plot-free life story which is not very interesting (to me anyway). And by the way I found some of the cinematography to be unpleasant – e.g. camera swirling round the scene in an apparent attempt to compensate for the lack of action interest. The film will probably appeal to some people e.g. if they feel that what they know of the story-line is of some personal relevance. My advice, though, is to wait for the DVD/streaming version so that you can switch on the subtitles and fast-forward where necessary.

"Moonlight" is a dramatic and very well acted film about three stages in the life of a black character since he was a bullied boy and teenager in Miami until his adulthood in Atlanta. The first part ("Little") is heartbreaking, with the boy Chiron completely lost between the rejection of his crack addicted mother and the love of his new friends, a drug dealer and his girlfriend. The second part ("Chiron") is inferior but also attractive when Chiron is an adolescent and the problems and doubts he has to face in this difficult phase of life practically alone. Unfortunately, the third part ("Black"} is awful; Chiron has become a strong man (the biotypes totally different from his childhood and adolescence), drug dealer and gay. It is impressive how professional cinema critics love films where the characters are gays (remember "Brokeback Mountain", one of the most notorious) and the power they have to influence worldwide viewers with their opinions. A few people dare to say that the King isn't wearing anything at all, like in the "The Emperor's New Clothes". My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Moonlight: Sob a Luz do Luar" ("Moonlight: Under the Moonlight")

I was quite disappointed by this movie, there is nothing special about it whatsoever. I can only think the Oscar nominations were driven by more than a little political correctness as the lead is black and gay.From the start it's so slow that a few coffees may well be needed to keep you awake. In Part 3 the lead is quite miscast and bears almost no relation to the boy in Part 2.The only saving grace - it's well shot with beautiful colours, that's not enough though.

I don't want to waste any more time than I already wasted on that POS movie, so this review is going to be short.The plot is boring, the acting average, the cinematography meh.Bottom line. We watch movies to be entertained. There little to be entertained by Moonlight.Go give the money you save from not watching this terrible movie to a homeless person. You will have a much better evening in doing so.

Even if Homosexuality is recognized legal in the US, Why you trying to force it world wide by putting it in every movie? except the good image and lighting, the movie is awful, in one word to describe it, wast of time, nothing new, no story, and it giving a bad image of the black society in America.

The ending is more like a European film ending than an American one - there isn't a nicely sewn up drawing together of the characters on screen ... it's more left up to the viewer to come up with their own ending.I loved the ending - but I can see some people hating it !The director was challenged in the London Film Festival screening as to whether he had considered another ending - but he said absolutely no way - this was the only ending there was ever going to be !Respect.The very mixed London Film Festival audience loved the screening - I've never seen so much applause during the Q&A.It really is a film with widespread appeal. Go and see it for yourself !

The story behind Moonlight is heart wrenching. A tale of a gentle and sweet boy who grew up under awful circumstances with a drug addicted mother in the slums of Miami, surrounded by drug dealers and a culture where failure to "be hard" resulted in being singled out and picked on. The boy named Chiron, survives with support from a kind drug dealer and his wife Teresa, and his only friend Kevin with whom he has a brief sexual encounter as a teenager. The two young men suppress any feelings afterward and continue surviving in their bleak environment. After being beaten up by a group of boys including Kevin in a hazing incident, who was challenged to engage in the brutality as proof of his masculinity, Chiron finally loses control and breaks a chair over the head of the ringleader. In the third part of the chronicle Chiron moves to Atlanta where we are told he becomes a drug dealer and tries to harden his attitude towards life and suppress his homosexuality. Finally, a decade later he returns to see Kevin, ultimately confessing his unrequited love and the two grown men are united at last. Unfortunately for the viewer of the movie the story is told horrendously and is a complete failure at making the characters or any of the relationships come to life. Having read the early reviews I couldn't wait to see this film. It sounded so compelling and poignant I could not imagine how it could be anything other than spectacular. Boy was I wrong. Moonlight is the equivalent of buying a product you are convinced you will love and then slowly discovering that it is seriously mis-engineered, all the while desperately trying to convince yourself that its underlying great qualities will ultimately redeem it. Finally, you reach the depressing point of acceptance and cast it aside, shaking your head and feeling foolish for ever buying the darn thing. That was how I felt walking out of this movie.The inexplicable thing about the failure of Moonlight to reach the viewer is it truly has all the elements of greatness but never pulls them together in any meaningful way. The filmmaking itself is gorgeous at times. The acting by Ashton Sanders who plays the teenaged Chiron is absolutely excellent and could have been amazing had they allowed the opportunity to fully develop his character. The movie ends up being awful, but beyond that is was just uniquely disappointing. The best way to describe the failure of this film is thru all the non existent relationships they keep leading you to and that you are dying to see them build, and then nothing happens. The boys crackhead mom Paula, played by Naomie Harris is a character who we are led to believe, despite her drug induced psychosis ultimately loves her son. The mother and son never show an inkling of chemistry and no relationship of any kind ever materializes, not even a dysfunctional one really. Mahershala Ali who plays the drug dealer Juan who befriends Chiron does a superb job and is the one believable relationship we see in the movie. Neither the teenage or adult friend Kevin do anything to convince the viewer that he has any true feelings of love for Chiron. The wife of the drug dealer is Teresa, the actress Janelle Monae. Again, she is a supposed surrogate mother who provides food, shelter, and what we assume is emotional support to the young man, but we never see it expressed in any way. It's probably the best example of a disappointment that leaves you craving to see something of significance occur between the two. But the dynamic between the two comes off as simply contrived. My guess is a lot of people are going to have their expectations crushed after seeing this film. Somebody could make this into an amazing novel, I hope they do actually.

I watched this In two sittings and was glad of the break. The three ages of the main protagonist all play their part excellently, and each in their own way shows a sadness and sense of being trapped with a secret that is unacceptable to the people around them, as a child, teenager and adult. Not a world that I've ever seen portrayed before which is why I think it is worthy of its accolades. This feels like an insider account of growing up gay in a tough neighbourhood.Brooding, challenging and sad but well worth the watch.

I wish I could rate this atrocity lower than a 1! Of course it had to win because of the bias liberal agenda it contains. I just thought it was going to be a powerful story of a young black man facing obstacles, but no, it had to bring in the perverse. I wish I had known that up front, but to be totally honest, I should have guessed. Pure garbage!

i am a fan of Mahershala Ali, his acting was wasted in an extremely boring,disappointing ,bleak and useless two hours of my life.I can't believe someone will actually enjoy this movie!!!!! i can't even fathom how it became a movie!!! i need to write five lines to have my review printed and i can't think of anything else to say except that it is a boringly drab and lifeless film. i had my finger on the forward button all the time !!

Watched this film last night after it getting best Oscar and it looked quite interesting on paper. Shame it didn't turn out as interesting on film ! The plot is totally incredulous and the film is very laboured. A shy weak bullied homosexual teenager turns into a hardened criminal after a spell in a young offenders home. Show me the boy at 7 years old and I will show you the man !! The film is badly made and very amateurish although the acting is not too bad. I felt no emotional contact with the events taking place at any stage in the film. How on earth is this the best film of the year. In fact after the Oscar presentation cock up by Price Waterhouse Coopers I begin to wonder whether the two idiots left and right of stage made a massive mistake with the vote counting. Can we not get a decent firm of accountants in to do an audit of the result ? !!

So you wake up and find that Moonlight won the Oscar for Best Picture. Against La La Land. Against Manchester By The Sea. Against Hacksaw Ridge. OK..."Moonlight" is not a bad movie, by no means. It has great moments, beautiful cinematography, interesting dialogue during the scenes and nice acting (although not amazing) - is nomination for Best Picture is acceptable. The problem is that this isn't an Academy Movie Winner. The main character lacks a more profound development, the "third scene" is close to nothing (it adds basically anything) and, at some point, we've seen this film before - just remember "Boyhood".So, it's a nice movie, interesting, but pure and simply not good enough to conquer Oscars Night.

Now if you want a film to sleep to at the Oscars I can't think of a better one than this ! Moonlight won the Oscar for best film 2017 under slightly unusual circumstances when the wrong film was announced by Faye Dunaway . La la land didn't deserve to win , had it won that would have been a tragedy , but it's an even greater tragedy that Moonlight won . Yes there was a bit of moonlight in the film , but as a piece of entertainment it fails miserably and only serves one purpose of providing a good soundtrack to sleep to . Perhaps this set out to be brokeblack mountain ( apologies for the pun but the n word is used throughout and my pun is intended as humorous only ) but I wonder if it would even appeal to that audience it's chasing namely showing street gang members that it's OK to be gay in their tough world . As a film it just offered nothing , no entertainment value whatsoever

Okay, so the only reason I gave this movie a 6 was because of the hype the media gave it before the release. I was expecting this extravagantly made film that would touch my heart but it did the opposite. The storyline was of course relatable to a lot of people; a gay boy with a messed up mother, dealing with bullying and coping with being a man all at the same time, but the way it was set up, personally I just didn't like. The co editor Joi Mcmillon is nominated an Oscar for best film editing, and I give kudos to her for being the first black female nominated, but something about this movie just didn't sit well with me. I can say when Chiron finally reached adulthood, the plot got somewhat better, and when his friend(who he had one experience with) reached out, I just knew would start getting juicy. It just didn't. I did love the acting, though, there were a few of my favorite actors in the movie, I just really wish the plot was done a bit better. More action, more drama, more suspense. Something. Overall, big ups to your Oscar nomination Moonlight!

Never made a comment here ... but for this movie, I will be forced to leave my opinion.* Boring movie * Movie without plot * Endless movie * Movie without explanation and connection of facts * Movie without notionSeriously, it was the worst movie I've ever seen! I am not a racist, I come from a family of black slaves, I have a black girlfriend (woman) .... Seriously ... movie wasted time.

This must be the worst movie to ever win a Best Picture Oscar. The award was obviously political, a message to racist and homophobes, but completely undeserving in terms of artistic merit.The final part *possible spoiler* was boring, not poetic. The friend of the protagonist had too little part in the story; as a result the ending was not as moving as it should have been. There was no real sense of loss, a little hopelessness, but not a feeling that developed throughout the plot and was well realized at the climax.If you wanted poetry, you had poetic justice during the three minutes when La La Land was the best picture of 2016. This was a much more accomplished and relatable love story, full of imagination, art, style, and bittersweet reality. Things that were lacking in the picture that eventually took the Oscar.To many Academy voters "Ars gratia artis" is only the MGM slogan. In my opinion, the subject matter is secondary, a work of art should be judged mainly on artistic terms, not on its message or political stance. In this case affirmative action, and anti-right activism, robbed art. Because of it, a wonderful movie like La La Land will be less famous, less recognized, less studied and little by little we will be plagued by mediocre film makers who know that they only have to denounce discrimination to have a better chance at winning the big awards.

This film will, not might, but will go down in history as the most over rated winner for BEST PICTURE of all time. No one will ever convince me that the politics of this was not the reason for it's praise. This is the first film that deals with black ghetto life, void of any of the usual issues found in such Scenarios.The usual sex, blood and violence has been replaced here by ghetto homophobia and homosexuality. Unfortunately the film will not be seen by those most in need. This reminds me of the joke,"If a tree crashes in an empty forest , does it make a sound"? This film needed to have some big Black "STARS" to draw the audience intended. It won best picture due to the racism in Hollywood. Racism by the fact that it confronts a problem with black culture that has been ignored politically for fear of being racist. Which is racist by definition.

This review of Moonlight is spoiler free***** (5/5)HOMOSEXUALITY IN PEOPLE of colour is a subject that has never been seen in film before for no known reason why but if there is any chance to be taken in this crazy world then writer/director Barry Jenkins took it and made Moonlight just the film that we have been searching for. Based on Tarell Alvin McCraney's play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue, we see the growth of Chiron who lives in the poorest community of Miami; he learns that growing up in the "war on drugs era" is difficult. The story of the film shows three chapters of his life from a nine year old elementary school pupil, in freshman year of high school and ending when he is a full-grown man. Initially we start with him as a child running home from school he is constantly bullied, until he meets with Juan (Mahershala Ali) who becomes sort of a mentor to him as he teaches him some of life's most important lessons, such as being able to swim but also learning to live with difficulties. Not only is school life difficult but his life outside of school is difficult, he is put down by his mother (Naomi Harris) who believes that Juan is trying to take her son away. When she resorts to drugs Chiron has nowhere else to turn from then his life gets worse. The film then shifts to him in freshman year of high school and still can't get away from a life of bullying, some of his class mates are cruel towards him and he is misunderstood and because of that he still has a hard time. Now that Juan is out of the picture he only has his friend Kevin to look after him but it still isn't any easier for him. Finally the film shifts a few more years to when he is an older man graduated from college living a whole new life in Atlanta away from Miami and away from his old life, sure he may think that he is away from it he really isn't as his mother tries to reconnect with him but that doesn't go well. However, his best friend wants to try to reconnect with him with a chance to get to know him and try and remember that time they shared. Sure enough, the concept of the story sounds simple, but, it really isn't he may have a changed life after college it's his life in the previous two chapters that is more affecting, more heartbreaking and much more with the story. As it's not just a story of a misunderstood teenager but it's a journey of self-discovery as he tries to learn what his life is and learns where it will take him. Meanwhile, his mother who is changing every day stays away from raising her child he has nowhere else to go he also hates her for giving her life away to drugs. This is a hugely affecting part of the story as it feels real it feels as if it's happening right in front of our doorsteps. Jenkins' story is so sensational and moving though it does lack sentimentality, but with every image, word and scene he delivers it with a heavy punch it packs so much power that will never leave you. Moonlight is a heartbreaking story of self-discovery, cruelty, and is very powerful this film will leave you with a tear in your eye even well after the credits roll.VERDICT: Jenkins' second film is a pure black-cinema masterpiece with intense awards-caliber performances and a hugely affecting hard-hitting story that's sometimes cruel but beautifully told.

I wasted my time again, only because it won best picture, awarded I'm sure for politics rather than anything else (the negro roundabout(that other minority groups and whites end up on in certain neighborhoods) it's a negro film and it's a gay film). There was so little dialogue, the plot was one cliché after another and the cinematography was terrible (I almost turned it off in the first 5 min.) and why are there no white people in colored movies (are they racist(sorry shouldn't say that)), Oscar nomination! I believe this pile of rubbish was given its affirmative action place with the movies that were actually good to appease the colored community. Of the Oscars I have not seen all of the best picture nominations but I have seen Hacksaw ridge and in my opinion this movie was brilliant and made Moonlight look like something of a joke, it moved me, gripped me and made me talk about and recommend it to others, the things that make a movie worthy of awards.

Wow. I have to agree with many people, this is very disappointing. Very good subject matter, but VERY poor execution that doesn't do it justice at all. I feel like this is a film relying entirely on it's proposed subject matter, and not at all on the actual execution of the film. Apparently it's about a young man's coming of age struggle as a gay man, but in NOWHERE in the film is it EVER made evident that any other character is actually aware he is gay. How do we at all know that the bullying he received was because he was gay? It finally seemed like the story was beginning, then BANG, it's over. Seriously, I was wondering 'where is the rest'? It feels like all back story, to a story that never happens. It's just weak...like, seriously weak. I didn't come away feeling like I had seen something that was necessary viewing. To me, it felt as though someone had come up with very compelling subject matter, but had no real ability to realise it on film. Maybe because of it's subject matter (or supposed subject), critics couldn't feel like they could say what they really thought, as it might be taken as criticizing the themes the film touches upon. In my opinion, suggests interesting subject, with terrible film making.

You have to be kidding me. This is like political correctness in its dullest form thrown at a screen , and labeled a film. I am not sure why i bothered watching it, as I knew almost exactly what every character was going to do and say. I think it would probably be more honest to call this film "please give this an Oscar, as we have included everything Hollywood committees like; gay black people, and the pain of growing up!" Thumbs down.

I've seen many TV movies that were much better than this was. My mother could not believe how boring the movie was. The movie is only about 97 minutes long and thank god for that because the story moves along at a truly glacial rate and the biggest problem with the movie is that none of the main characters are at all likable.This movie disappointed me more than Manchester by the Sea. So much for the accuracy of awards shows like the Oscars or the Golden Globes.So who voted for this movie to get Best Picture of 2016?

Moonlight  The number one thing that young black males want to be when they grow  up is alive.  Followed closely by loved, as confirmed by this drama.  When a drug dealer (Mahershala Ali) and his girlfriend (Janelle Monáe)  take pity on Chiron (Alex Hibbert) due to his circumstances, their  kindness ends up influencing the person he will become.  As a teen, an act of intimacy with a childhood friend (André Holland)  results in humiliation that finds Chiron (Ashton Sanders) incarcerated  and repressed.  As an adult, Chrion (Trevante Rhodes) has become a dealer himself with  the need to reunite with his first love.  A brave rendition of the acclaimed stage play, this cinematic  interpretation does the theatrical one justice in terms of acting and  direction. Nevertheless, neither of these add-ons can quicken the  story's sluggish pace.  Incidentally, since it is no longer a play the audience may now text  throughout the performance.   Yellow Light

I was hoping for this movie to be some great, artistic story but it was just the opposite of that. I don't even know where to start with Moonlight. First of all, the plot is very weak, there almost is none. It follows Chiron through three stages of his life. The casting for Chiron was actually pretty good. All three of the actors for him look surprisingly alike. The last actor has the worst performance of anyone. He doesn't really act like Chiron did in the last two parts but it was passable. One of my main problems is the casting for the character Kevin. In the first part, he is clearly black, as well as in the third part. But the actor who plays Kevin in the second part, as a teenager, is literally Latino. He's even said so in interviews and in a tweet. Nobody else seems to notice that Kevin switches races halfway through the movie. I didn't even know that the boy in the first part was supposed to be Kevin until I read it online. The music in Moonlight was very good, actually. I really enjoyed "Little's Lullaby," (I think that's what its called). Its a shame that such beautiful music was wasted on this movie. The cinematography was good, if a little distracting. Another problem with this is that I felt no sadness when I learned that Juan had died. He was barely in it, how was i supposed to care if he died? We barely get to see the relationship between Little and Jaun. They could've showed a lot more scenes between them. Same goes for Chiron. The actors were good, especially the actors who play him as a child and teenager. Still, though, I really couldn't find a reason to care about what happened to him either way. It was boring with a weak plot and I couldn't wait for it to end. How this movie even got nominated for Best Picture is beyond me, nonetheless how it won.

In summary: 1- first you feel pity 2- then you feel bad and awkward about the boy's choice 3- then you feel disgusted till the endIt's a gay story, I feel ripped off by nobody disclose that on the movie description and also by the fictitious good rating, this movie it's a waste of time.

Viewing this movie is like watching paint dry and no matter what good features it has the film is mostly boring and tedious. For all sorts of political and other reasons "the media" et al have decided to laud this picture as some kind of masterpiece; I respectfully but strongly disagree.And it is insulting to black people that Hollywood has decided to now go overboard in its' praise to try to atone for years of ignoring black minorities.The story shows different phases of a young black man's life, who comes from a broken home, has a gay experience and eventually becomes a drug dealer. Are we meant to have any sympathy or even empathy for him? The majority of people, black or otherwise, do not turn into criminals just because of their upbringing or their possible sexual orientation.The film moves along at a snails pace, the acting is underplayed to the extent of being not interesting. And the truth is nothing really happens in the movie except that everyone in it is usually either unhappy or feeling sorry for themselves. Maybe if they put a few white people in the show it would have livened things up:2 and a half, rounded down =2/10.

If it weren't for the self-righteous Hollywood elites who feel as though they are the champions for the "little people", this movie would finish absolutely LAST. But of course, since it has all of the popular political food groups in it, the drooling Hollywood elitists just couldn't help but pat themselves on the back (once again) by selecting quite possibly the dullest movie I've ever seen as the movie of the year. It's getting somewhat comical how transparent Hollywood is. Rolling my eyes!

What was all the fuss about? Best movie. You've got to be kidding. La La Land and many others nominated were MUCH better. Did it win because of the 'black' element and being 'politically" correct? Come on. There wasn't one white person in the film until the very end and they were just sitting in a restaurant. Boring, boring, especially the last act. Who OK'd this movie to be made???? A couple of the performances were the only saving grace. Otherwise, FORGET THIS ONE. Simply unwatchable. I'm glad it didn't do any business as it didn't even deserve the small grosses it received, much less a BEST picture. OMG.

The many choices one makes about what scenes to keep and what scenes to lose went somehow wrong here. I'm guessing it was because they got some stronger-than-expected performances and decided to hold on to them, but they overdid it, and ended up sacrificing the story. You cannot build a film on performances alone.Important things omitted include -where was the boy's father? -what is Teresa's background? Is she part of this world of crime or is she a solitary example of an important character who is not? -what happened to Cuban Juan that he disappears after Act I? did a life of crime catch up with him? -how in the world did the boy from Act II turn into the man of Act III, which seems entirely improbable? There's your real story, regrettably not shown at all, and a gaping hole preventing this film from holding together.But in the most glaring gap of all, the boy's gayness is never shown. Very likely there were scenes filmed showing it, but apparently someone chickened out. I don't necessarily need graphic scenes, but just some scenes that show why people are taunting him, why he needs to know the meaning of the "faggot", etc. Way too much telling here, and little to no showing. In the end these problems often make the movie first puzzling and then yawn-inducing, especially in Acts I and II, and overall really keep it from being the best film it could have been.

I was expecting more for a best picture award. This movie drags, in our PC world I shouldn't be surprised this got best picture. The plot was thin and predictable. The only thing missing was a transgender bathroom. At least the police weren't villains. I wouldn't bother watching unless you need a sleeping aid.

As with many over reviewers I watched Moonlight due to the Oscar nod. The plot and cast were worth the watch but the challenge for me was knowing and realizing that the Oscars would rather celebrate an average movie with a Black casts that depicts the negative stereotypes of African Americans such as drug abusers and thugs than celebrate an excellent movie like Hiden Figures that depicts African Americans as intelligent and contributing to part of this Nations history that was positive and successful. This is the real problem in Hollywood!

A sensitive, probing drama. Exploring America through race and sexuality. Beautifully acted, written, directed. To see black Americans portrayed with such complexity is so rare in mainstream American film. And then, on top of this, a sympathetic and positive portrait of gay men. I have a cringe meter which monitors how we, gays, are treated. Goes off constantly in most films. Not Moonlight, not a single cringe meter gong. Wonderful film.

Moonlight started out well. Deep, rich, flawed characters you could really settle in and watch for a while. Then it goes into a weird place. it drifts off into a place I never wanted to be and brought in a bunch of characters I didn't like. It wound up seeming very long. Ali, nominated for an Academy Award, will never win because his character was dropped early. He's barely in the movie and was one of the very few likable ones in the show. Same with the mother. She was good, but hardly in the film, yet got an Oscar nomination.I was rooting for the kid, but he turns into an unlikable thug. He turns "hard" and hard to root for. Then there was this weird, gay love story stuck in too. It seemed so out of place that it lent nothing to the story. Like it was just there for shock value.Another one in 2016 that I just didn't get the hype over and don't understand all the Oscar accolades. I say skip it. It was not good at all.

Moonlight is another Barry Jenkins film that is soaked in the exact craftsmenship you'd come to expect from him: powerful screenplay, excellent performances and an all around perfect film. To put this in perspective, Moonlight is so damn good and refreshing that it is hard not to recommend it to everyone. The film puts us on the back of a young African American boy who is living with his drug addicted mother in the slums of Miami. He is exposed to drugs, alcohol and violent tendencies at a very young age. The boy is haunted for his entire life over something his mother says to him in the fit of a blind, drug fueled rage. As the film progresses he thinks about what his mother called him and that singular moment reverberates throughout his whole life.What this film does so brilliantly is it combats the idea of masculinity and homosexuality in the most blunt of fashions. No film has done this and I doubt a film will do this ever again. It is truly a great film that touches on so many topics outside of homosexuality. It touches on race relations, black culture and what it takes to be a traditional man. The performances are all around terrific, with an especially standout performance from Naomie Harris. The filmmaking is top notch and the script is perfect.Overall, Moonlight is a harrowing must see film for anyone who is a fan of cinema. It will make you laugh, it will break your heart, make you cry and everything in between. But what this film will do the most is make you really think about what, if anything, has defined you as a person. No matter the gender, no matter the sexual orientation, no matter the culture, no matter the race...this film will speak to you louder than words ever could. Bravo, Barry Jenkins.

Movie of the year? Are you kidding me? This film is a complete waste in every way. No plot, no storyline and poor acting and directing. Right from the beginning it was obvious that this was going nowhere, terribly slow. Still, I kept watching hoping for a miracle that never came. Two hours later the movie ended and that is actually the ONLY positive thing that can be said about "Moonlight": It doesn't last for ever, although it feels like it!!

Really? Best Picture? Best Picture for The Ocars doesn't mean anything anymore. This movie was average. Every other nominee was better than this movie this year. A boy grows up with a crackhead mom, gets bullied because he's gay, ends up getting in trouble for fighting back, gets older and goes back to see his gay friend to chat...the end. I just told you the movie so don't waste your time. Definitely think Faye Dunaway called it right the first time. Ugh.

Director Barry Jenkins is one that I've never really heard of, but here I've just checked out his latest the character study film called "Moonlight", and I was pretty well pleased. It shows and proves that many people develop from their past experiences and they are indeed products of their environment. As with people and life it's simply a passage a journey of time and discovery."Moonlight" is broken into three different chapters as it looks at the life of Chiron a young black boy from a little boy growing up all the way up to an adult. I'm sure all of us remember someone growing up from our past that was picked on or bullied as a kid or who grew up with a single parent the way that Chiron did.Chiron's a little black boy who's growing up in the rough slum projects of the Miami, Florida streets and he's doomed from the start by having a crack addicted mom and he's never known his father. In fact Chiron's only direction is that from the local street drug dealer named Juan(Mahershala Ali).Plus Chiron is shy and timid he has a stutter problem and he's bullied and picked on at school he's beat up on quite often. As Chiron grows more self discovery and identity is formed especially sexually as Chiron discovers he's gay.More touching is how we see Chiron as a grown man in the end as the final scenes take him back to it all with memories and thoughts of how he was shaped and molded as an adult. Overall well done film of character development and it shows how people are products of their environment and the people that surround them have influence over them just like in Chiron's case.

"Moonlight" is an unflinchingly honest and personal look into a young man's coming of age in a low-class neighborhood in Miami. It chronicles how he was constantly oppressed by the people around him and never given a chance to be himself.The film is split into three parts: Chiron's childhood, his adolescence, and his early adulthood. The first time we see Chiron, he is being bullied. Shortly after, Juan, a drug dealer, finds him and takes him to his house to care for him, most likely because Chiron reminds Juan of himself. Juan finally convinces Chiron to tell him where he lives, but Juan becomes a prominent figure in Chiron's life, teaching him many things he had been forced to figure out on his own.The first two things we learn about Chiron is that he is made fun of in school, and he has a troubled life at home. His mother is almost never home with him, and when she is, she is always angry at him. He is understandably distant from her, and Juan and his wife Teresa serve as father and mother figures to him.The film's shallow depth of field mirrors Chiron's loneliness, and only rarely do others truly connect with him. It is a very subtle character-based film, and every actor truly heightens the emotion and power of the film. They all put in subtle and realistic performances, even the many child actors. The use of color in the film is very smart, with the color blue being representative of a character's submissiveness to others' expectations. It is a genuinely emotional film and isn't pandering to any sort of audience. As I said, this is a very personal film, but the personal struggles experienced are universal, and the emotion isn't overplayed or exaggerated, and there are also subtleties in the editing and cinematography of the film that add extra depth for the viewers paying attention. There are hidden layers to each character, and by the end, it's debatable who is being themselves, and who is hiding their true personality.So far the best film of the year and it's hard to see another film topping it.

Movie is about some boy (Chiron) who grows up gay in the projects, with an abusive mother, a fatherly figure who happens to be his mom's drug dealer, and having to deal with bullying until he grows up and becomes a drug dealer himself. He reconciles kind of with his mom and the movie ends with him visiting his old friend who he discovered his gay sexuality with. And that's it. There's nothing else that needs to be said about the film. You've just saved 2 hours of your life by reading this review. I'm all for character studies but this movie was pathetically boring. There's zero resolution to basically anything, we don't learn anything other than growing up in an abusive life is hard (DUH!) and trying to cram in motives, lifestyles, emotions, etc. into three completely disconnected segments (movie films Chiron as a boy, teenager, adult) didn't work at least with this film. I really don't understand why this was nominated at all. I think it's just because Hollywood got a ton of backlash last year from the black community and they just want to avoid BLM riots or some crap. Literally EVERY other best picture nomination (didn't see La La Land but not into musicals) was FAR better than this pile.

Complete waste of time and $$. This movie tackles nothing, has no depth, no story, nothing but 2 hours of extreme bore. I saw it because it won the Oscar for best film and heard some good reviews, including Emma Stone's Oscar backstage comments. As other people have commented, this movie just won an academy award to compensate for last year's complaints about lack of diversity and recognition for African American artists. But other than that, no merit at all.

Chiron is a boy growing up with his crack addicted mother in suburbs of Miami. One day, running from school bullies he meets Juan, drug dealer who with his girlfriend Theresa becomes shelter from violent outburst from his mother. His troubling childhood continues through adolescence as is his strange friendship with his classmate Kevin that could grow in a relationship. As Chiron is growing up and becoming man we witness burdening past defines gap between who he is and wishes he is. As film picked up excellent reviews and 8 Oscar nomination, I went on blind date with this movie and didn't want to know anything about it. Huge disappointment. Cliché is written in too many places starting with characters tied up with screenplay. On moments you can guess what next line is going to be, symptomatically it will be confirmed with camera and music. So when you see sad character, you're going to have close up, violin in the background and Chiron saying I am sad. When it's romantic time, groovy Barry White like music will accompany Chiron looking madly in love eyes in close up etc. To the point of comic, and I am not joking. Shots of Chirons six pack that looks like gym commercial is not shot of man longing for physical closeness with other man. Somehow mysterious relationship with Kevin without anybody else in scene is not necessary sigh of troubled relationship, it is often a signal to the audience that it might be that Chiron is imagining Kevin, which I thought through the first half of the movie. As it is obviously not deliberate, it is fail in directing.Action takes place as it fits screenplay and because of that you have feeling as it has been staged, thus creating feeling of artificiality. As story composes of three chapters in Chieron life (boy, adolescence, man) there are many storytelling parts as characters inform others and us what they have done in the past, of which many we would rather see than hear about, as they seem more interesting than what we are looking at. Characters are build as clichés without any variety, so you see crack mother, suffering child and drug dealer with golden heart, not real persons. That makes actors go overacting and storytelling. Camera is intriguing at moment playing with sharpness on the edge of closeups, flares and neon style, but what is it worth when everything else fails to deliver. Pros is cinematography described above and physical look of actors as Chieron and Kevin have striking physical resemblance in all three different periods in their life.Seeing 99 on meta-score, more than positive rate from IMDb, and 8 Oscar nominations in acclaimed categories I rushed to see this movie. First time in my life ever I am positive to say – shame on you Academy, as this film does not deserve it. What went through critics mind who should at least be bearer of our consciousness I also don't know. Movie which wishes to speak about homosexual growing up in African American suburb of Miami should not be automatically praised just because of its agenda. It should have been praised for its capacity to speak of love, truth, inner battles and society we live in. It was done in Brokeback mountain and Adelle. It was not done in Moonlighting, which is, at its best, average TV movie.

The themes in this movie are important. It is good to be aware of the struggles gay men face, and how repression and humiliation may lead one to a life of violence and criminality.I left the cinema with the firm belief that such a mission could have been performed so much better in the hands of a better director. The movie is ham-fisted. It is clichéd. It is simplistic. It is trying to be artsy for the sake of being artsy. Some camera work is just strange: it does not seem to serve any purpose except to make the viewer nauseous. The dialogue is simple and clichéd. There was not a single moment i felt truly touched by this movie. My partner had the same experience. We both tried, truly.

OK I watched it. None of its Oscars were earned. Pedestrian and over-long film about coming of age. Been there, done that. So we have a bullied kid growing up in a drug-infested neighborhood, a druggy mom, lots of unintelligible dialog, a strange older man (a drug seller) who disappears after the first act (but he wins an Oscar), and a slew of actors I never heard of even if a couple of them are on TV shows I never watched. The kid is nearly catatonic until he cracks.The only good acting performance is from Andre Holland as the old Kevin in the third act.MOONLIGHT ranks with AROUND THE WORLD IN EIGHTY DAYS as the worst film to win a best-film Oscar. Adding insult to injury, it also won an Oscar for writing. This is an after-school TV special with some graphic scenes thrown in to help pad out the running time to 110 minutes. If you want to see a coming-of-age story about a black kid, stick with SOUNDER.

As the title indicates it is so bad that I made an account just to give a review. You know when movies are so bad that they go full circle that they turn out to be good again(sharknado), this isn't one of those movies. I watched this movie after seeing the Oscar winners, I thought it would be a good watch as it won best picture over lala land which was the favorite. But in my opinion it only won because it was a story about a gay dude whos black whos been bullied and then turns out to be a drug dealer, cant get any more minoritier than that. I mean they basically cornered the Oscars into giving them the best picture for fear of being called racist and/or homophobic. Its probably the same situation with IMDb and other sites and also with critics who gave this movie such high praise.

I am pleased i saw this film on pre-release in a packed cinema. Knowing little of the film i had no preconceptions. I am not a fan of 'lovestories' and yet again i found my attention waning during the film and understand why some people chose to leave. The film centres around Chiron a young African American boy growing up confused and outcast. The film follows his development from boy to man. The subject matter is an important one: bullying, addiction, sexuality, and ultimately a man wrestling with who he is. Unfortunately i found it hard to engage with any of the characters on the screen except Chiron's boyhood friend, Kevin. I wanted to understand more about the events that pulled these two characters of Chiron and Kevin together but the 'big' events were only eluded to and never shown, which i feel would have been far more interesting in seeing how Chiron's character deals with these events. As it stands we are left with protracted vague dialogues that really do not go anywhere. I cant help but draw comparisons with Boyhood - focusing on the 'insignifant' moments of growing up rather than telling a story - but i feel Moonlight had more to offer especially considering the subject matter. There are a lot of positives, there was a clear intimacy between the characters and the use of visuals is clever but it ultimately felt it lacked the explosive few scenes that would have elevated it to something truly great.

Every now and then a film comes along that gets a ridiculous amount of award nominations, primarily only due to its message - and that's it. This is one of those films. Sure it was perfectly cast, directed and written, but it was too slow and didn't really have anything exciting to offer except for a story that's been told before - only a little fancier. Not a bad film, but not great either. It's way too overrated. It's only a 4/10 from me

At first, I was very curious about this movie and what it was about, and when it won "Best Picture" I wouldn't wait to see it. I rented it from Fandango and after about an hour we turned it off. This is probably the most boring movie I've ever tried to watch. How it received an Oscar for best picture, I'll never know. Do not waste your time.

This movie is all about MEN love. I don't think so that movies deserve an Oscar. There is a 3 phase of this movie. Young, teenage and Adult. He doesn't really seems to be acting well in each character. I find this movie so boring. How can this movies got an Oscar i don't have any idea about that. It's really worthless.

is not even a interesting gay love history (as it could be broke back mountain), poor acting, poor history, one of those movies where you are expecting something good to happen, until you see the final credits and you realize that you wasted 2 hours of your life. I really don't get the criteria that the academy used to rate this movie......

I mean it is a decent movie but is it great enough to win the best picture? NO. Very sick of this PC BS. Oscars you own La La Land the best picture! I like stories that are about the stories themselves and not just using racial groups to tell the story in a special area. Is La La Land too white to win the best picture? I am disappointed

Watching a movie is supposed to be fun and enjoyable, the two things that I did not feel while watching Moonlight.I was excited to see this 2016 Best Picture especially involving an all black cast. I was expecting to see a fresh new take into the black community depicted in films, but all the excitement were quashed early on in the movie.I understand why some people think this is a masterpiece, but it is not enjoyable to watch nor is it educational.

I don't remember the last time there was a film I wanted to like, and enjoy, as much as I did Moonlight. But in the third act it went out of its way to make sure I knew that it did not want me to like it. Or enjoy it. Maybe that was the point it was trying to make? Ask me what am I doing in the theater and why don't I mind my own business?Whether art imitates life or not, it certainly mirrors it and Moonlight, like other movies today, mirrors for us a society where the eternal question of whether to be or not is answered by the absence of any motivation to even consider it.Every story is only as good as the point it makes in the end. The first two acts could have exploded into any one of a multitude of statements in the third. But the third act leaves you feeling like the painting "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" where the people supposed to be sitting at the diner (Dean, Bogart, Monroe and Elvis) don't even bother to show up.Every story told must at least attempt to answer the simple question "so what?" Moonlight does not. I really wanted to like it. Its only redeeming feature that makes it worth watching is Mahershala Ali's character and performance in the first act, and the first act itself. The second act is great, but its promise is never fulfilled. What the heck: I still want to like this movie, so I'll pretend the movie ended in the end of the first act, in the last close-up of Mahershala.PS. I would be prepared to consider that my reaction and some of what I observed above was the point Moonlight was trying to make. But then I'd have to ask whether art, entertainment even, is supposed to elevate our thoughts or drag them down to the point where, even in a theater, they remain chained to the sidewalk of the "hood".

This is a rare beast. A film exploring the life of a young black gay man in America.We first see Chiron as a young boy being chased by some bullies in a rough part of Miami. Even by this time some of the school kids have an inkling Chiron might be queer. He is certainly introverted and even lonely, his mother is a crack addict.The only solace young Chiron finds is from a neighbourhood drug dealer called Juan who takes an interest in him with his girlfriend Teresa and his only comfort is spending time in their home.We next see a teenage Chiron, still bullied due to his small stature, his mother has gone deeper into addiction but he finds comfort with lifelong friend Kevin and an awakening of his sexuality but this comes crashing down as Kevin has to beat him up as part of a gang initiation. Chiron leaves this stage of his life under arrest as he tackles the bully who has tormented him for years.We next see Chiron as a young man in another city, he has bulked up and like his mentor Juan, now a drug dealer. However when he receives a call from Kevin he returns to Miami to see his mother and then confront Kevin as well as his true feelings and the encounter they had one moonlit night as teenagers.Director Barry Jenkins has made a small scale, slow paced, low budget drama. Some of the finance was provided via Brad Pitt's production company. It is in many ways a simple, but human tale of a young bay growing up. The first two actors playing Chiron are excellent, although it is difficult to see the resemblance with the more muscular actor who plays the older Chiron.Although a lot of thought has gone in by the director as to the way it has been filmed and the use of colours, some parts of it were far from original. The influence of Truffaut's The 400 Blows is there to be seen.It was obvious that Kevin will have to beat up Chiron as soon as he wanted to join the school gang because I saw a similar scene in the British film Ill Manors.

If you have not seen Moonlight go check it out. Definitely worth your time and money. This is a story about a Boy growing up with the struggles or his environment and sexuality. This film uses 3 different actors to portray Little/ Chiron at 3 different stages of his life. Without spoiling anything, Each stage of Little's/Chiron's life he deals with new and some of the same problems from his past. Each actor in the film are great; to highlight some are: Little's Mother, Teresa, Juan, and Kevin. The Editing of the film worked well and the Cinematography was great. The soundtrack/score or the film helped tremendously; the film uses music to give the audience a sense of how a character is feeling. Overall I give Moonlight a 9.5/10 . It's a hard life and a beautiful story.

When you have issues in your life, you usually have two possible ways to deal with them. First, you could stand up and fight - with people or circumstances - to make it better. Second, you could bend down and take the damage, convincing yourself that maybe, if you ignore it, everything will somehow become okay by itself.There's, however, a third, much more messed up way. You could actively promote your victim state, thus incurring even more damage on yourself, but "sell" that victim image to someone else, effectively feeding off their pity. Not because you're utterly helpless, but because you enjoy pitying yourself and others pitying you more than you suffer from the abuse. There's even a special term for this syndrome, maybe "victimness" is it. And victimness is what Moonlight reeks of.I only watched this film because of the insane critical praise it received. And maybe I did except something different, something more substantial and complex from a "timeless story of human self-discovery and connection". Instead, what I saw was a story of a person's weakness which he constantly blames on something or someone else, bending others into feeling bad for him all along the way.Maybe some overly committed people would call me a racist (which I am not, but who cares, right?), but there's a strange correlation between such victimness stories and their protagonists being black. I wonder why... Maybe because people don't buy into a white man's whining, calling him a loser instead of giving him pity. Which basically is why white people are forced to give up that wretched third way of issue handling and either fight or keep their problems to themselves. And while both the whites and the blacks are equally susceptible to failing, it's the struggle that makes their fate interesting. That's why the film culture has produced a whole line of films about a loser's struggle, from Forrest Gump to Mississippi Grind, and that line isn't likely to break any time soon.On the other hand, just recently we've gotten at least two films in which the black hero's issues are being blamed on someone else. It's 2015's Dope and last year's Moonlight. Both times we have a deliberately weak protagonist who lets some bad stuff happen to him. Dope didn't follow the road of victimhood till the very end though, instead imbuing the once-a-loser with some unexpected (and, to be honest, rather unexplainable) strength to come ahead of his troubles. But Moonlight, this conniving mofo, slides down that slippery slope all the way. It's not just "pity me because I'm weak", it's the whole bouquet of racially determined bullsh!t, from "pity me because I live in a poor neighborhood, raised by a single mom who's a drug addict" to a new addition to the legion of sob stories, "pity me because I'm a latent gay". Seriously dude, what's wrong with you? You get heels over head coming up with reasons why your failures are someone else's fault, but did you take a look at yourself? Did you notice that you're an awkward weirdo who can only speak some deranged ghetto version of English and even with that ugly language are unable to say even a word when it really matters? Or that, despite all the issues you so juicily describe, you put literally zero effort to actually do something about it? Maybe that's the true reason nobody likes you!Do you know why beggars like conducting their business in public transport like metro? It's because they prey on the weak-minded and the gullible who are locked in with them with no way to run. And in those few minutes in between stations, they need to push their agenda hard enough to swindle you out of a few bucks. Well, Moonlight is no better, taking you on a slow train and using the 111 minutes of its turtle pace to squeeze all the pity and sympathy out of you for its own satisfaction. Apparently, this top dollar strategy has worked rather well for a lot of people, hence the ratings. But you're not fooling me, because the only cash I give away is the cash hard earned, with actual talent put in the storytelling. That's why I loved Precious, because that was a story of a person not broken by the circumstances, probably even more difficult than here, and not asking to be pitied. And Moonlight's story, despite a few novel chords added to its social injustice tune, isn't worth more than a rusty dime.

Seldom do I go to see a movie where I know so little about the plot as this one. I knew it was a "coming of age" drama about a young man growing up in a black neighbourhood in Miami. Period. That ignorance was bliss (so that's the way this review will stay: I will avoid my usual high-level summary here). For there are twists in this story that you don't see coming, and moments of such dramatic force that they are cinematically searing.Playing the young man, Chiron, over three stages of his life are the actors Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders and Trevante Rhodes. However, Mahershala Ali, who plays Juan - the drug dealer with a heart - has been the one with all the awards visibility (having this week won the Screen Actors Guild Supporting Actor award, as well as being within the ensemble cast award for the upcoming "Hidden Numbers"). For the avoidance of doubt, Ali and all of these other actors are excellent, as is Jharrel Jerome (in his feature film debut) as Chiron's 16-year old friend Kevin. But the performance that really spoke to me was that of Ashton Sanders, who has both an uplifting and heartbreaking role as the "middle" Chiron and delivers it supremely well. A real breakout role for him.Also shining with a dramatic and extremely emotional performance is London's own Naomie Harris ("Spectre"), justifiably nominated for a Supporting Actress Oscar. Unlike last year's insipid and dull "Our Kind of Traitor", where she was given criminally little to do, here she is blisteringly real as a caring mother spiralling down an addiction plug-hole. A career best.Grammy-nominated musician Janelle Monáe, in her feature film debut, is also eminently watchable alongside Mahershala Ali as Juan's girlfriend Teresa.Above all, this powerful ensemble is the best evidence possible that the diversity arguments all over last year's Oscars were 100% correct. These are all blisteringly realistic performances by black actors that must surely move viewers regardless of their colour or creed.The film has eight Oscar nominations, and I definitely agree with the acting nominations to Maharhala Ali and Naomie Harris. I'd also agree with the award for music to Nicolas Britell ("The Big Short") which is astonishingly eclectic and jarringly appropriate to the story that unfolds. I could even go along with the Best Film Editing nomination, although I am hardly an expert in the subject.The remaining nominations are for Best Picture, Best Director (Barry Jenkins), Best Writing Adapted Screenplay (also Barry Jenkins) and Best Cinematography (James Laxton). However, there my opinion diverges with the Academy and - I suspect - many critics. Yes, this is a really engrossing film with a fine and surprisingly non-standard Hollywood ending. It is certainly well worth watching, but is it a top film of the year? No, I don't think so. There are some aspects of the film that just plain irritated me.Firstly, the camera work is frequently of the hand-held variety, particularly in the first half of the film, that leads to a serious case of seasickness if you are sitting anywhere other than the back row of the cinema.More crucially for me, the film introduces two fantastic and atypical characters, but then - inexplicably - the script just unceremoniously dumps them with hardly any further reference made. I found that enormously frustrating and mystifying and spent the rest of the film waiting for a closure that never came.There is also enormously pervasive use of the "N-word", right from the opening music track, which is shocking (at least to a white audience). It is probably designed to shock, but after a while the shock wears off and it becomes more tiresome than offensive.Based on all the Oscar hype then, this was a bit of a disappointment. But that view is purely relative to all of the great Oscar Best Film candidates I've seen in the last few weeks. It is still a very interesting film due to the story that goes off in a novel and surprising direction, and one that is worthy of your movie dollar investment.(For the graphical review of this film please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or search for One Mann's Movies on Facebook).

I saw this with a friend at the AMC Oscar Showcase. When it was over I said "Well they killed two birds with one stone." Politically correct qualifications - black and gay - both in one movie. I was sort of joking but it turned out to be true. It was interesting enough but not worth the Oscar win on its own merits, in my opinion.

This is a plane boring and useless movie. watching this movie has forced me to write the review. There is absolutely nothing in this movie to look forward to. It again proved that Oscar winning movies are seriously boring and seriously lack entertainment quotient. stereotypical mother , same old story which has been used by Hollywood from pst so many years.

I watched Moonlight with an open mind. It won the Oscar for best picture so I assumed it had to be pretty good. I didn't know much about the film other than it was black based and it somehow dealt with being gay. Okay, no problem. After struggling to watch it to its completion my first response is I was kind of angry. Angry that I wasted two hours of my time. Moonlight is undoubtedly one of the worst movies I have even seen. The dialogue of the screen play was thin to say the least and I had a hard time deciphering much of it anyway. As the film dragged on it became predictable especially when I realized what it was actually about. This may be perhaps the worst film ever nominated for best picture. It is boring and not the least bit entertaining. But now I understand why it won. Hollywood has been taken over by the leftist lunatics in our deteriorating society. All the bleeding liberals thought they must give it a thumbs up to be politically correct. But I am shocked that group of pukes were able to sit through a film that used the ordinarily forbidden work "nigger" fortuitously all through it. The body that votes and determines the winners of the Academy Awards have exhibited a total sellout. I refuse to believe anyone actually thought it was the best picture of the year. I recently watched "Manchester by the sea" and found it to be drearily slow but at least it had a plot that could be followed. There is no way Moonlight was a better movie. But Moonlight attracted all the uber liberals who carry the cause for black America, gays and the poor unfortunate crack heads. Moonlight was a really bad film and worthy of no acclaim.

Well, I wish i could give this movie -10 but as you know there is no such option like that. I specially signed up on IMDb to write this review and save you all from wasting your precious time. I have been using IMDb from many years now but never bothered to write any review, But this movie was so so awful that I had to write this review. I wish I could get my time back that I wasted on this movie. I don't know why this movie is even made. There is no story, no screenplay, no direction. I feel that critics who nominated this movie for Oscar award took bribe from the film maker or they literally have no sense at all. Else its me who's an idiot that I couldn't understand even one thing about this movie.My advice- save your precious time.

It was a 2 hours movie. I read the plot, i saw the rating, here, at IMDb. Plus, it was nominated and got some Oscar prizes. After all these, i am trying to find a way to like this movie or to find where the Oscar prizes are. By the plot, you can understand that the movie contains gangs, racism for the blacks, drugs in a better way, in a more complicated way -get in things-, a more LIVE movie. Nothing watched during these two hours. Just a guy that was gay, scared of himself, with basically no parents and nothing to talk about. Very closed to himself. He was afraid of the truth. What's the point?I rated this film with 5 stars, because 5 stars is the minimum i can give(1 star for other people).Next please..

The story is about a black boy who grow up with a crack addict mother. He discovers that he's gay from age 6.I think it's a cliché from start to finish. The story is very poor, The acting is not more than staring all the movie from the lead actor. It's like a 5 minutes film that pushed to 2 hours. It's a political film. It's seems that they painted the target around the arrow they shot. They just wanted to give the Oscar for the first time to a gay movie in a political hypocrisy to all and so they did. This movie wasn't that good anyway, It's stole the Oscar to a truly magnificent film 'La La Land' and it wasn't fair - just because it's a gay black movie. It's just like last year when they gave the Oscar to that anti-church film no one even remembers. It's a shame.I hate when art meets politics. And the Oscars for me is dead.

There are few movies that show the sensitivity of Moonlight; the boy who plays the role of the child Chiron is supernaturally good, as is the actor who plays the adolescent. Stand-out scenes include: a conversation at dinner when the child's protector, Juan, explains to him what "faggot" means, adding that he should never let himself be defined by others. The adolescent Chiron's upright posture and tensed muscles as he walks through the school, determined to wreak revenge on his tormentors. The conversation between the adult Chiron and his sorrowful, penitent mother. And the scene in the diner, when the love of Chiron's life makes dinner for him so tenderly. The possibility of love in the final moments of the movie do not close off the viewer's capacity to dream about what could take place in the future: are the doors finally opening for Chiron? Deeply felt and beautifully filmed.

Sometimes when I watch a film and my mind begins to wander I have to go back and watch the scenes again.I couldn't do that with Moonlight because I saw it in a theater. But, in Monlight's favor, I did manage to work out a comprehensive shopping list. I did determine the optimal supermarket where I purchased the ingredients for a superb but simple meal.Pork loin, sous vide of course. I debated what herbs to include quite thoroughly and I couldn't decide between thyme or parsley so I just decided to use both with sea salt and black pepper. BUT, should I use cracked black pepper or whole pepper corns? Don't worry, I used both. Squash, yellow and zucchini, with garlic, dill, and I couldn't decide between black pepper or, kinda crazy, cayenne. You know I went with the cayenne, YOLO. Oh, and butter. And then MY MIND EXPLODED - BACON IN THE SQUASH! But should I fry up the bacon and sprinkle it in before we ate or boil it in with the squash? F*CK IT! I decided to do both.And then, like a lightning bolt from GAWD...BAKE THE SQUASH WITH THE BACON AND COVER WITH PARMESAN! DOOOOOOOOOJJJJJ!!!! It was ALL magnificent.I still don't know what to tell you about this movie though. Sadly, after we had finished eating a thought occurred to me...How in the f*ck could I have forgotten about the applesauce? APPLESAUCE APPLESAUCE APPLESAUCE APPLESAUCE gawdammit APPLE f*ckin SAUCE

Just because it is on a sensitive subject, doesnt make this movie great. 
no high points, no character development, no great story/storytelling.waited till the end to see if there was a twist/something remarkable... thinking all this hype cant be for nothing. But sadly disappointed, it was a waste of time.

This is the third mediocre film I have seen being nominated for "Best Picture." PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD. "Little" grows up being bullied. He is befriended by a crack dealer in a do-rag. His mom uses crack. As a teen Little is now Chiron. His mom still uses crack. He stays with the girlfriend of the crack dealer. He is still bullied. As a man, his name is Black. Mom lives at a rehab center. He now wears a do-rag and sells crack. He lacks a personality. His sexual orientation is a hidden theme, the whole LGBT thing misses its mark.This was not a good Urban tale. It is not a drug film per se. I suppose if you are a Black Cuban growing up in the streets of Miami, with zero personality, you might relate to the film. I failed to relate to it as much as Janelle Monáe who played Teresa minus any type of accent. When you say, "Do you feel me?" you do so with some attitude, not like some kid from Kansas. Mahershala Ali was convincing in his role and indeed the film was interesting when he was on the screen. He at least talked. Unfortunately the movie centered on a quiet moping kid/teen/man filled with self pity. If you want to make a film about a quiet man, give him a personality. I like Noel Clarke films better.BTW "La La Land" and "Manchester by the Sea" are the other two over hyped films. These are three cases of the "Emperor's Clothes" where lousy films are given high billing because it seems to be cool and intellectual to do so. Skip these three and go see "Hidden Figures." Guide: F-word. Sex. No nudity

Every stereotype you want to put on blacks is in this movie. Absent father? Check! Drug addicted mother? Check! Crazy, uncontrollable kids in school? Check! Local drug dealer is a role model for youth? Check! Everyone goes to jail? Check! But ... dude is gay, and his bigness and badness and selling drugs and intimidating everyone is really him hiding his inner cuddly homosexuality, so ... let's give it an award. This film is a textbook case of Hollywood giving awards to black films and actors only when they re-enforce stereotypes. This film is a steaming pile of racism.

I remember the 'good old days' when IMDb review forums had a more balanced array of reviews, instead of everyone rating something 1 or 10, and then adding politics. So I'll add some of that to the mix. This was my experience: I watched it post-Oscar. My reaction: "Moonlight" is that type of movie that is best appreciated as a "hey, that was an interesting indie; it's well acted and I wonder what the director will do next", instead of an Oscar winner for best movie and best screenplay. It's the type of film that I would have added to my list after seeing it show up somewhere in the Independent Spirit Awards, like "L.I.E.", "Our Lady of the Assassins", "Paranoid Park", etc. It's stylish, it captures a slice of life, and it is mostly engaging. Unfortunately, like others point out, it feels under-done, like each act was cut short a little, and in particular the last act is underwhelming, and too much like a first-time screenwriter's autobiographical play. It's Oscar-winning screenplay is ironically quite short on story-telling, dialogue (yes, sometimes appropriately intentionally, other times just not very creative), and scenes that will engage enough.The cinematography is interesting, with a video-game like POV, floating over the lead character's shoulders from behind, inviting you into the action. There's some nice shots, good use of music (although sometimes cut a bit abruptly, and I would have liked to have heard more of the beautiful score), and a lot of use of the senses. Feel the ice, feel the sand, taste the food, enjoy the nightlight; it all feels relaxing, enhancing the ability to escape a grim reality into something more beautiful. Other sounds are blocked out or intentionally out of sync. I liked that Barry Jenkins was able to capture that.The first act has an excellent scene with a showdown between a surrogate father and an absent mother, which is also a debate about the drug dealer/drug user relationship. Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris are great in these respective roles. There's discussion of identity, acceptance, masculinity, and bullying. The second act builds on a climax in which the characters stands up for himself, literally and figuratively, and then takes on a sociopathic bully, who is one of this year's scariest villains. The third act tries to balance a charming but thin love story, while exploring identity, and the influence of our role models and life circumstances on ourselves.It sounds better than what it is, unfortunately. The trailer is great. But, again, the screenplay is underdeveloped. The third act is a different film, or perhaps needed to be shorter and add an additional act between that and the second one, to further flesh out the story.

So I read nothing about this movie beforehand which I like to do so I can be really moved by the works of the director and actors. I'd like to start off by saying that it was a unique coming-of-age story line that was thought provoking and uncommon in mainstream movies.I won't get into any moral issues and whether I agree or disagree with the main story line and main character's orientation. So don't crucify me for that. I like to keep an open mind with the movies I view and I enjoy and well done story and acting performance way before I criticize morals and politics in movies.But regardless of those things, I still didn't feel it was a very well done plot. I get how they tried to tell the story but and the first and second acts with a lot of struggle. But the third act left a whole lot hanging. So my question is, why all the hype? Mahershala Ali is a stellar actor and is Oscar worthy for his role but I didn't feel he had nearly enough screen time to merit his Oscar win. His role was important for the plot but why get rid of him after the first act? I honestly lost interest after that.Overall, this movie was way too overrated for Oscar season and I do feel that it was a political and even racial move to do so. Good movie and heart, poor execution in the final product.

This is a film about three stages in a black child's life. Child, teen, adult living in a ghetto in Miami. While the boy suffered trials with bullies, crack addicted mother, sans father rotating boyfriends. it a story the black community should address since this isn't just the boy in the film but a way of life for many children.I want to say the film was slow, tedious, and lacking in dialogue. I am not sure if there was supposed to be a message?? Perhaps that he admitted he was gay? Life is without hope? Whatever it was I missed what the critics say they saw. Not an Oscar film although the supporting actors were good.

The Oscars get bashed last year for not enough black nominations; enter Moonlight! Talk about right place, right time. A movie about a sexually confused black kid from a poor neighborhood who gets bullied – has Oscar bait written all over it. But Best Picture? Not for me. Since my watch recommendation is No – this review might contain some spoilers.Moonlight does tell a story which is unfortunately far too common in American society; single mothers, segregated neighborhoods, mass incarceration & bad examples all around – but is executed in a very cliché and uninteresting fashion. A drug addict mom (well played by Naomi Harris) who prostitutes to make ends meet, a neglected fatherless child, and a neighborhood full of drug dealers and bullies seems like plot of several other black 'hood' movies. The kid is sexually confused and gets bullied in school, finds solace at a local drug dealer's home who becomes a surrogate father figure only for a short time before unexpectedly dying, the kid grows into teenage and has his first sexual encounter with a gay friend, has a school yard brawl with some bullies, ends up in prison and turns into a hardened criminal.The main character in the film – 'Chiron', doesn't speak more than two or three word sentences at a time, and has a very dull personality. In the spirit of staying true to the play, the director chooses to cast three actors to portray three different phases in his life, so the performances seem broken. The kid ('Little') played by Alex Hibbert and adult ('Black') played by Trevante Rhodes end up being lackluster performances, whereas Ashton Sanders does a relatively fine job playing the teenage character ('Chiron'). Mahershala Ali plays a drug dealer with the same inexpressive style of his lobbyist character in House of Cards. Best Supporting Actor for about twenty minute role, seems like overcompensation by the Academy for 2015.The script conveniently skips over milestones like life changes, deaths, transitions which would need drama or dialog, instead just focuses on the day to day coping and feelings of 'Chiron'. The screenplay is extremely tedious like many other Oscar movies and could use about 20 minutes of editing. The audience can empathize with the plight of a poor, black child in a drug addled neighborhood – but at any point, 'Chiron' doesn't seem to have problems finding food, shelter, clothing or education. Finally, his life is really an outcome of the choices he makes. With all due respect, more recent creations like 'Straight Outta Compton' and 'Black-ish' have done a phenomenal job portraying the challenges in Black communities while still delivering excellent entertainment value to audiences.

It seems that Hollywood and the media want to dictate what we should and should not like nowadays. This movie totally sucked, it was slow and completely uneventful and uninspiring. To give this "average" at best film a best film award was so clearly racially motivated it was disgusting and shameful. I won't waste my money on this film in the theater, nor would I waste my time at home watching it for free, it really was that bad. Two thumbs down

The story of a poor kid born on the wrong side of the tracks. His mother has drug problems and he doesn't have many friends. He's bullied has a horrible life. Few people are kind to him, except the local dealer and his best friend.The first half the characters seemed real, and what could happen. The 2nd half the motivation of the characters is very weak and poorly rooted in narrative or even likely.If you are looking for characters that break stereotypes simply watch a box set of 'The Wire'.

Wow. This movie was a complete waste of time. I am offended it was up for so many awards. Best picture, sure, that one is deserving.. Anything else, HA! Slowest, most boring movie I've ever seen. I couldn't even finish it because it was going absolutely nowhere. Chiron's character annoyed me the whole way through. This could have been a silent film with how little MEANINGFUL GOOD dialogue there was.

This film basically follows a similar format that past films such as Boyhood (2014) followed. A fictional coming of age biopic that is more driven by the character's development instead of plot or conflict.Boyhood was an alright film, nothing spectacular. Moonlight was just incredibly dull and pointless, and only served to reinforce the negative stereotypes of black people, which unfortunately are based in reality.This film wasn't even close to being worthy of an Oscar, it simply won the Oscar for best film due to outside pressure from groups complaining that Hollywood is racist. Moonlight is the first film to get an affirmative action Oscar! What unbelievable times we're living in! No longer is raw talent or creativity being rewarded, instead whomever can claim the biggest victim group status will likely be rewarded the most accolades by Hollywood.Disgusting.

WOW! Just saw what may be the best film of the year – Barry Jenkin's MOONLIGHT. Delicate, lyrical, and movingly cinematic, it is a visual poem. It takes its time, and feels very "independent." Although the dialogue is terrific, the narrative thrust is completely cinematic, visual. And while character driven, the film poses big, weighty, universal themes like Identity, Sexuality, Masculinity, Family, and Community. (And yes, the initial Caps are intended.) MOONLIGHT is urgent social commentary that feels unbearably personal. It is a masterpiece from that dizzying, disorienting opening shot (with cinematic "look-ma-no-hands" bravado) to that delicately intimate close. The camera work, the musical score, the screenplay, the performances are all top-notch. These are the big stuff. But the small details are so skillfully delivered that they are simply breathtaking: the spiritual baptism of teaching a boy to swim; the loving preparation of a meal; the feel of sand on skin; and the blue-glow of moonlight reflected on black shoulders. Each shot – each one allegorical – beautifully rendered. I LOVED IT.

The false high rating on IMDb only further proved how false the rating system that a dominant film reviewing website could lure people paying their hard earned money to see a lousy deadbeat movie and regret when they left early and stepped out of the theater and cursed themselves as stupid morons who once again were fooled by the false media. I think Donald Trump should twit to allow people to know that besides what he believes CNN, BBC, LA Times...are bunch of garbage news media agencies, this movie reviewing website should also be included.I'm not a racist as all of you out there who would not usually dare to admit what they really think about peoples' races and skin colors, but I have to say that if this "Moonlight" would be considered a BEST movie of 2016, then you guys have to know that black or the third world voting members of the Oscar organization might be now a majority force just like the Republicans are the majority members of the Congress that could manipulate the laws, the white voting members are losing their voting power like fields elsewhere in America! People are blindly kissing the behinds of the black people, their creations and their products. I'm not a white American, so my view both to the Whites and the Blacks should be unbiased and fair. I have to remind people in America: Stop kissing the Black so blindly, enough is enough. What's wrong with Hollywood now, after pushing the gay right, gay marriage and inter-racial relationship and marriage, now you guys start to push black gay stuff? This movie is so boring and so mediocre, yet you guys still tried so hard and succeeded to push it down to our throats as "The Best Movie of 2016"? Yeah, right, was it like our Presidential Election, there's Electoral Vote System, so the Popular Vote meant jacksh@t? What a joke!If this deadbeat boring "Moonlight" could be the BEST movie of 2016, then all of your home made videos could be national treasures. If Americans could have voted a white moron and re-elected him for the 2nd term, or voted a 70-year crazy Narcissus brat into the White House, then "Moonlight" as the Best Motion Picture of 2016 was not but an understandable surprise. God help America!

How did Ali win a award for this when he was only in the movie for less than 10 minutes. Over rated movie. Nothing at all special or memorable.

This is a terrible movie. The one word to describe this movie is boring. There is no plot. No character development. Camera work and direction are like something you would expect from a film student's class project. I still don't know why this movie was titled "Monnlight." Mahershala Ali brought some life to this film as he does with all the projects he's in but somehow he disappears in the middle of the movie without any explanation. He wasn't bad considering the corny dialog he was forced to say.According to IMDb this is Barry Jenkins' first direction and he only has 8 writing credits and this lack of experience shows in the film. It wasn't clear what city this was in and in the first third of the movie the main character refused to even talk making the dialog so awkward I almost quit watching.Many of the scenes are very long single shots that were about as interesting as watching a spider crawl up a wall. In one pivotal scene our main character is about to do something and the camera has a POV shot of him walking through door after door after door after door, so many I lost count. The only thing that went through my mind was having all these doors shut in a building full of people is probably a fire hazard.I never gave a thumbs down (5 stars or less) to an Academy Award winner for best picture until now and I've seen them all from 1960-present and most from 1930-1960. I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 in deference to the Academy of Motion Pictures.

First: If I knew it was a LGBT movie, I wouldn't even think to watch it. But even for a LGBT movie, it doesn't add anything. Bellow the average movie. Extremely slow. I don't agree with some best picture nominations but this one was a huge mistake.And an Oscar for M. Ali for just 30 minutes in the air? Give me a break!!! He had much better performance on "The Free State of Jones".Waste of my time and my money rent.

Firstly I am not racist. I love most other cultures more than my own. Very much so. Particularly Asian. Very gentle and great manners. I understand there was a lot of resentment about the non-nominations over coloured actors last year. I really don't care much for the Oscars. I never watch it. However, I do watch all of the movies. The Oscars are par se. They mean nothing now. It is all politically driven and they needed to make up for last year's non acknowledgement of coloured actors. I don't care if they are black white purple red or yellow. It matters not. If the movie is great I don't care. Movies like 12 Years a Slave and the Colour Purple are terrific movies. This movie was good with the first two parts being quite okay. The third part was inconsequential. No explanation of what the lead role was doing and why. Trying to get people to accept coloured or gay people is so clichéd now. I certainly accept them and most people I know do. Why make a movie about it. I have watched 6 of the other movies nominated for Best Picture and they blow this away.

I was so hyped to see this movie after seeing such rave reviews from critics and friends but I was greatly disappointed. It had a quite interesting start but a plot you've already seen/heard/read before. From that on nothing happened that could wake up my feelings for the characters. Also, the photography was OK, but the shaky camera (that definitely shook more than necessary) made me just dizzy (slightly nauseous) which also made me loose focus on the story and was thinking more of my reaction to it. I mean I have no problem with hand-held/slightly shaky camera, check out work by Lance Acord (Marie Antoinette, 2006) and Bruno Nuytten (Possession, 1981)where they use it in a very subtle way that also give the plot and the characters the right edge without making the viewer dizzy. I felt like the movie wasn't trying to make a point beyond being overtly pretentious. I want something to touch me neither if I can connect with the characters or not, doesn't matter, what I want is a great study of the characters which I think Jenkins didn't got out of his actors in this movie. All an all, I think the movie is not worthy of the outcrazed hype around it. I have though not lost my faith in Jenkins, I believe he can get something better and make something better. Empty characters and even a more starving, echoing script won't make good pictures nor a great director or actor any justice. This didn't hit home..

Remember how AMC shows all the Oscar winning movies and the week before the Oscars and it's so exciting to see them? Well this will never ever be one of them. This movie is so poorly directed, written, and just a slow story of misery that offers nothing. It starts off depressing and ends that way. No arch and no story other than a bullied teen confused about life. Teaches you nothing, no moral, except how to walk out of a movie theater. SO many thumbs down.

I was writing a review to state how a waste of time watching this movie would be, and how overrated it is and how the academy is just trying to please everyone with no integrity, but after reading the reviews I knew that was everyone's opinion too.This movie is less than average and actually there is no plot, no actions, no message, nothing, absolutely nothing. AN EMPTY MOVIE.

Hard to expect anything good from the film. It is just another film where You don't understand the crux of the story till the last moment- why was it even nominated for the Oscars! The movie has 3 time periods, childhood, adolescence and youth. The protagonist is a very ordinary character of just another Afro-American boy who is raised by a drug-addicted mother. Nothing special in his story which would make the story interesting and there is no curiosity in the viewers minds about what is going to happen in the next scene. He is neglected by everyone in his school and his colony and is bullied every time. The role which won Best Actor for Supporting Role - Juan is himself a drug dealer and is seen to guide the little boy - Chiron in the film. Its a slow and sluggish film where I was waiting for it to end. I watched this film because of its hype of winning Oscar Awards and totally wasted my time. There is absolutely nothing significant in this film. There are brilliant actors and films out there and it keeps me perplexed, why this film won over them. I am crestfallen and dispirited by Moonlight's win over others. Indisputably, its an overrated film with undeserved awards!

I actually watched Moonlight one day before it won this year's Best Picture Oscar in the most twisting way in the history of the Academy Awards, but I only got to review it now. The way it turned out, this win was completely unexpected, but probably not undeserving at all. Moonlight is a sensational tale that explores human nature like few films do. It is not as an easy watch as the "Best Picture" frontrunner La La Land or in fact any of the other contenders for the prestigious award. Nevertheless, it makes for a breathtaking picture if the viewers allow themselves to take the enthralling trip it offers.The story is split in three parts. The main character for all of them is Chiron, first as a young boy, then a teenager and finally a grown man. There's no conventional timeline, the plot just jumps from one part to another skipping several years. Moonlight doesn't try to tell a story, but rather showcase life with all its struggles and pains through the eyes of a black boy in a rough Miami neighbourhood. Chiron is a symbol for everyone growing up in a world they don't understand but being unable to escape. He is different yes, but aren't we all? Is it so difficult to find someone who really cares about you? Is it so bad to behave differently, to feel differently, to address sexuality differently? The film is as powerful as a film can get. Of course it is not for everyone, it doesn't offer the kind of light entertainment a lot of people look for when going to the cinema, but it has the ability to affect deeply in an emotional level if one is patient.The script was written by Tarell Alvin McCraney and Barry Jenkins (who also directed it) and it was inspired by their memories and experiences as young black people growing up in Miami. Surprisingly, it is Jenkin's only second feature film, the first being Medicine for Melancholy. His work in Moonlight is impressive. It is bold, aesthetic and clearly directed with careful attention to detail. The score and Mahershala Ali's supporting role performance are the icing on the cake. It's not that I predicted its surprising "Best Picture" win in the Oscars, but I really felt it was the only film that could rival La La Land. Overall, Moonlight is by all means a magnificent picture and I believe that the recognition it gained will give hope to many an ambitious filmmaker out there who's not looking for Hollywood's cliché formula.

moonlight is a richly detailed and personal story of a boy growing up in a time and place that is ever so trying to change who he is. Chiron is the character we follow through this journey, and he is played by three actors excellently. the casting choices were absolutely brilliant and each of the actors managed to capture the main essence of Chiron, the sadness, the little shred of hope trying to blossom, and trying to be who he wants to be. the film heavily relied on each actors facial expressions, and they all did a wonderful job, most notably the child actor in the first act, who was fantastic, which is a rare sight in film these days. each actor conveyed a lot through their eyes, and the actors made it really believable that they are playing the same character, except you can tell through each of the acts that this character has gone through a lot emotionally. this film expertly explores themes of experiences changing who we are, and with every scene, moonlight explores this theme and many others. there is tons of symbolism in the film, they're subtle and smartly placed, and a lot that i will discover after rewatches. there is not a single scene that feels misplaced, or unnecessary, they all serve a point in developing this very interesting character. it doesn't waste time with events that have no effect on the story, or random subplots that are only there to add minutes to the movie. everything has a purpose. the directing all through out the film is mesmerizing, by Barry Jenkins. i wouldn't say it was perfectly directed, but he managed to craft a beautiful looking film, with the cinematography constantly emphasizing certain colors. and the score was absolutely haunting and masterful in it's use, and it completely diverged from the conventional type of music you would hear in a film that takes place in this area. definitely one of the best scores i've heard in a while, and it exceptionally conveyed how Chiron was feeling, and how much he has changed through out each act.the acting all around the board was great, Mahershala Ali and Naomi Harris absolutely deserved the attention from the Oscars they got, and were essential aspects to this story.i absolutely love moonlight, it is a timeless film, and an exceptional piece of film making. it intelligently avoids clichés, and gives a realistic view of a person that is trying to survive in a world that is trying to change him. moonlight should be viewed by film fans, and fans of incredible story telling, and characters.

Moonlight is the story of Chiron, a black gay man growing up in the streets of Miami. The film is divided in three parts, which follow three moments of Chiron's life (kid, adolescent, adult). This is a powerful, poetic, gorgeous film, and absolutely one of the best of the year, and last years for that matter.So as I said (or wrote) the movie is divided in three parts, Chiron as a kid called 'little', Chiron as an adolescent and Chiron as a huge, ripped drug dealer. The problem with this kind of jumps in time when we follow a character is the consistency and credibility. Because inevitably it will be three different actors playing one character during equal time-periods. The other problem is that we have to experience enough depth and development in each segment as for it to work.The second problem is helped by a great writing and an amazing script. Each segment is deep, poetic and different. But the character is the same. The first is Little struggling with bullies and his timidity. The second is Chiron struggling with his sexual orientation and bullies. The third is Black struggling with himself, his desires, his quest for love and being loved. Each segment we get to know Chiron more, and adding them all up we get a complex understanding of his personality and his struggles. Chiron changes enormously from the first to the third segment, but because of the second it is completely logical. The first problem is avoided by amazing acting. From Hibbert (little) to Sanders (adolescent) and to Rhodes (black). I mean it's just great. Rhodes is enormous and ripped but he makes you believe that he is Little grown up, you actually recognise Little in Black, which is so weird. And whilst he is quite menacing at the end and quite bad ass, he is so tender and silent and emotional, it's amazing.Sanders does a tremendous job too. Harris plays the crack-addict mom, she's good. Ali is the big one everybody is talking about, and yeah, he 's amazing. His role is pretty small but important, and he plays it nuanced and deep. But once again, every performance in this film is nuanced and deep and pretty much great.The directing is phenomenal, as is the cinematography. Every shot is gorgeous, and the camera movements are hypnotic. Thanks to the great writing but certainly also the camera-work this movie is perhaps one of the most intimate ever. I actually felt like I was in the movie during some scenes. This is a poetic movie filled with recurring symbolism (water and fire etc.) and inner struggle. A movie about understanding (of self) and love. This film also shows us something we have never seen, a black man in the ghetto who is gay. Which really confused me at first, I literally was confused by this movie because I just never saw anything like it.This is a tender, poetic, gorgeous-looking, amazingly-acted, incredibly-directed film which dares to show us something we have not seen before. So yeah, amazing.9

I tried to genuinely watch this movie with an open mind. Even though given the uproar the AA community had created about oscars apparently being so white, the fact that this movie won an Oscar made me take notice. I wanted to watch it to see what this movie was all about that got it an Oscar.And I'm sad to say that half way through the movie trying to painfully wade through its overtly pretentious artsy aesthetic I realize this was oscars way of getting this monkey off their back by giving a movie by black artists an Oscar already.I wanted to whole heartedly support and will continue to support minority artists anyway I can. But this was an average blah movie with nothing to write home about. Given that in spite of it being so average that it received an Oscar tells me that merit has nothing to do with the award given that year. It was more a PR move.This movie was a pretentious disappointment.

Ok, we got this fine and simple story. But the movie itself feels not only shallow but also annoying. You can't enjoy it and even if you try you will immediately be distracted by a sudden piece of the most common classical music. Or a horrible and harsh cut between shots and different scenes. Or a poorly done appearance of the older version of a character. Or a weird camera work. Give me the screenplay. I will read it and in my head it will be ten times better.Pointless, boring and predictable. It's not romantic or beautiful enough (like "Call Me By Your Name"). It's not dramatic or violent enough to show the ugliness of adolescence ("Everybody Dies but Me"). I've no idea why is it SO OVERRATED. It only shows some events on a timeline. It's about the characters who failed to develop the interest in them. They don't grow on the camera hence the viewer can't care about them.

After hearing of the triumph over La La Land at Oscars for best picture. I was quite interested in seeing what could have been worthy of beating the La La Land.
I had heard good things about this film and decided to give it an unbiased watch and see if it prevailed merely on merit. Sadly, in the end it definitely didn't.The film follows a gay African-American with a drug addict mother struggling with his early childhood years. It is split into three main acts, the first one being the best and the last one being the worst. The first one focuses on his teasing and running away from home to escape his sad existence. It is well executed and Mahershala Ali definitely helps it succeed. However the story can seem incoherent at many points and is filled with tiny plot holes and just overall confusing dialogue. The second act gets worse. It has a large time skip and focuses on him exploring the fact and finding out that he is homosexual. His mum is also getting worse. Also he is being bullied at school and finally has the guts to stick up for himself, eventually ending himself up in prison. Though Mahershala Ali's character is mentioned during this act we never actually see him again which is very disappointing as his character was the most interesting in my opinion. It doesn't have a good enough of a supporting act and just fails because of bad directing.Finally, the third act. He is finally out of prison and living a drug-dealing life. He has become everything bad around him, personified in one. He then randomly goes and catches up with and old friend. They have a really weird conversation that doesn't really make any sense and is filled with bad dialogue. Also the character we are seeing now seems like a totally different person and just doesn't fit with the rest of the movie.Overall this movie is bad, and definitely doesn't deserve any oscars never mind the best picture. I don't see how anyone can actually enjoy this unless they merely like it because it has a black lead and supporting cast and focuses on the life of a black man. It could have actually been good if properly directed. Sadly it wasn't and instead is just a jumbled mess in the end.

I mean i feel the pain. We've all seen those kind of movies. You can't stay impassible. But.A very interesting beginning that leads to endless and boring dialogues. I socked when i watched the scene at the beach cause all i was expected was guns, drugs and violence. You definitely don't call it romantic under those circumstances but at least Chiron (leading character) is not a victim anymore. I mean yeah i feel the pain bro but talk for god's sake, say something. A 2 hours movie and he said 20 words. All i'm saying is that it could have been more active. Other than that, it was a worth watching film.

I believe this film, while not without merit, was highly overrated. The acting was good. The direction was competent. The episodic development of the story was OK but hardly unique. The same treatment was used to much better effect in the Brazilian film, "City of God".I think that the reason this film received the Academy Award was that it appealed to a certain group of the Hollywood elite. It was not particularly popular in the African American community which it purports to depict. Not nearly as much as "Fences" which in my view was the much better film. The reason for that lack of popularity is clear. This story of the romance between two male drug dealers puts forth a misguided view of an "industry" that is deeply wounding many black neighborhoods, and which is much resented by most members of those communities. It is finally an effort to assuage White Guilt, by sentimentalizing a very squalid situation. The reason that the Academy Awards are becoming increasingly irrelevant is that an effete view now prevails in the Academy which insists on awarding "niche" films such as "Birdman", "Moonlight", and the never to be forgotten "English Patient", while passing over superior films such as "American Sniper", "The Revelent" and "Hell and High Water" which also have the effrontery to be popular as well. Despite its win this "Moonlight" was the least worthy of the films nominated last year for best picture.

The movie does a great job at portraying life at a black neighborhood and living with a drug addicted mother, but it goes nowhere with it.The first part gives a great set-up, but the movie can't capitalize on that at all. Chiron (here mostly called little) is a really quiet kid who gets bullied and suffers a lot from his mom, but he gets sort of mentored by a guy (Juan) who actually sells drugs and his girlfriend. Chiron's mom confronts him and he keeps selling drugs to her, but otherwise his drug dealings don't affect him much. Life appears to just go on as we jump into high school, we are immediately informed Juan recently died and we don't ever see his girlfriend again (although how Chiron still seeing her is important to the story). The gay element is stamped all over the story, but it actually is just something sprinkled in at random. Chiron asks Juan what's a faggot and if he is one when he is a child, and the last scene before the transition is just him walking in a bathroom with two boys comparing dicks. While hanging out with his friend Kevin, they kiss and he sorta masturbates him for a bit, and he is sometimes called a faggot.The build up is good, but nothing happens afterwards. Some guys bully him, make Kevin hit him a couple times them hurt him bad. Chiron doesn't want to press charges, but charges into the main bully's class and breaks a chair on him, so now he is arrested. This is where the movie turns bad. We them jump forward a decade and the absurdly wimpy teen becomes a monster black guy who looks nothing like himself and deals drugs, but we never go deep into it. His mom seems better now, but we never quite go into it, they just have a talk and she says she loves him. Then he goes to meet Kevin again, and they just talk like people who are just reuniting for 15 minutes. Hey, that's what would've happen in real life, but they should get into something later. So buffed Chiron goes to his place and they talk a bit more and... he says he never did anything to anyone besides him, he cries a bit as Keving comforts him. And the movie ends.No payoff, resolution or even full build of character. We don't really see anyone coming of age, it's all skipped over. Maybe this would've been a better movie if it was three hours long, but maybe they'd just add more build-up and not finish the path they begin.

Very overrated movie. If the Chiron was from Asia and Kevin name was like Pamela, I don't think this movie would have been considered for any Oscar.The three versions of Chiron are three characters that don't fit with each other, the plot is totally foreseeable, the soundtrack... what soundtrack? no soundtrack found.This reminded me of "12 Years Slave" case, once again an award given for the social impact of it, and not for the true value of the product.

Yeah, having won best picture Oscar along with other two I was interested to watch it. But after two hours, what a disappointment. Slow, uninteresting story, (though the performances were very good), unimportant dialogues. I really don't give a .... for people like the ones depicted here. All in all, what a boring piece of crap. Don't waste your time. Hollywood people has lost their way.

I am baffled as to why this has received so many high reviews. Yes it was pleasant but frankly it is hyped because it is about a black person. Yes I am all for equality but wow this film is truly over rated. I can only imagine how bad the other nominated films were if this won the award. Also, it is disappointing that a black actor wins the Best Supporting Actor Oscar when playing a drug dealer. Equality? Please......

Moonlight; We always watch a movie that won Best Picture Academy Award movie because quality is quality. All throughout this movie I kept wondering when some serious tension was going to occur and when there was something really at stake. There were a few fleeting moments but they weren't that tension filled. The cliché' mother who's a crack head etc... Seen it all before. At the end of this film we looked at each other and said "that's it"? It was an interesting little story but from my POV it was just another urban ghetto story with a gay twist. A great movie or a great book stays with you after it's over. This movie was very forgettable. We really expected a lot more from an Oscar winner. This sentence has absolutely nothing to do with race, but IMO La La Land was about eight times better and more entertaining. That movie should have won the Oscar.

moonlight is a film that deserves recognition on its technical basis - it's a beautifully filmed motion picture. the colour palette is incredible, and the camera work is lovely. there are some strong performances by some of the actors too.however, this has unfortunately blinded everyone to the fact that the plot is majorly lacking in depth; it touches on some important elements of life (bullying, homophobia, drug abuse etc.), but fails to explore them enough to have an emotional impact on viewers. I commend them for acknowledging the existence of topics that are so very relevant, real and difficult, but the execution of them was poor. there is nothing transcendent about this film, it doesn't leave you thinking about anything.films don't always have to have a huge meaning, but when advertised as something ground breaking and having emotional impact, I'd have expected more than what moonlight consists of. this film presents themes, but doesn't deal with them. unfortunately, this is not enough to satisfy me or justify winning an Oscar - it just proves that the public are too scared of being honest about the quality of a piece of work when it touches on sensitive subjects.

The problem with this movie is having an agenda,the world is full of people wanting to tell a story but don't have the platform.The motion picture platform is very powerful and effective,it should be used correctly but there are always going to be people who use it for personal gain,agendas,the even use it to mold the mind of people.This is the case of the latter,trying to push a personal agenda should never be the motivation for making a movie but we see it happen all the time.This is the case with this movie,i see a personal agenda laced with a story of young and middle aged males in the hood trying to find themselves when all they needed to do was research their history but this is fantasy being pushed as real life in the hood and the false hood of being gay and struggling with it.This happens but at this point if you are trying to help black youth the last thing they need is for a company to make a movie about being something other than what we should be striving for.being gay is NOT something you strive to be or do,how about making a positive movie about young black males succeeding in life so they can have a positive influence in their head after leaving the theater.Nothing good ever comes from pushing negative thoughts to people except more negative thoughts.

More proof the Oscars are all political and going to give awards to movies because of political correctness. There is absolutely nothing great about this film. I do like Mahershala Ali I've seen him in several movies. The movie is boring, and only sadly reinforces stereotypes. Gay black man grows up in the hood. Mom is a crack whore. He gets beat up in school. I am surprised I sat through it. Only watched it because it was on Amazon Prime. I am glad I did not sit through this in a theater I would have asked for my money back. The Oscar should have gone to "Lion". For the record I really did not care for "La La Land" either.

After seeing the nominations that moonlight gets, I was so exited to see it but sadly it turn so bad and i wasted 2 hours for nothing, there is no story and no point of this movie and in the end you will get zero benefit from this movie. The only good thing about this movie is the acting and the poster design.

This just goes to show you that the Academy Awards is just bs. With this movie being up for so many awards, I figured it was worth a watch. There is no plot to this movie. BORING BORING BORING. It started out OK, but it went absolutely no where. Don't watch this thinking, oh the reviews are probably wrong. Read some of the bad reviews, whatever they are saying is 100% correct, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!!

Moonlight had the potential to be a truly great film, but it falls flat. I'm not sure why people loved this. Nothing really happens in this film, plot-wise or action-wise. It's a lot of talking and standing around. This movie could have raised some interesting questions about humanity, the human brain, and what makes us who we are. Every time the movie tries to get this idea going, they cut to another scene, and kill any momentum that it was building up. Even though there was one definitive main character in Moonlight, we don't find out much about him. The character is nowhere as developed as he should be, and it's hard to care about him, when we don't get to know him. This movie is boring, and I am not sure why this won Best Picture at the Oscars.

I went to the movie with an open mind, thrilled by the chance of seeing a Oscar winner. However, it disappointed me in so many levels. Firstly, I understand that it is a movie about black people, but we live in a mixed world, should not be also other races present in the movie? Anyway, there is nothing special about the content. No intrigue, no nothing. It is a plain movie from the beginning to the end which just describes the struggles of a gay boy. However, nothing special. If you appreciate bizarre/abstract movies where you have to be philosophic to understand the action go for it. Otherwise, save yourself some time.

... just because of the hype. Too many times, I've been fooled by movies hyped out of all possible limit — and this felt like yet another.Don't misunderstand: it's beautifully filmed. Every member of the cast is spot on in capturing their various characters. The production design walks a great line between gritty reality and just barely there haze of memory.The problem is the writing. I was with the film until the very end. I wanted to see a conclusion to Chiron's character arc. Had he learned anything along the way? Would he find any kind of resolution?... Well, we just don't know. Everything seems to be headed for that, then it just... stops. Incredible build up of all kinds of sexual tension between him and Kevin... and it just... stops. Tearful cuddling scene and go to credits. I like films that leave themselves open to interpretation. But there has to be something to interpret, and this seemed to lack that. Maybe I missed a few things along the way, but it was just empty. Chiron doesn't really learn anything. Kevin's turned his life around, as far as we can tell, but it's difficult, if not impossible, to know for sure because when everything is left vague, then nothing is really resolved.Best Picture? Sorry, no. I don't see many movies these days, but when I finished watching this, my first reaction was, Oh? Are we getting a Moonlight 2?

There's a tender beauty in MOONLIGHT that, despite an oftentimes glacial pace, surprises as one of the more artistic endeavors of 2016. Oftentimes a movie will follow a character through life, hitting the high and low points, and come out on the other end with little more to say than "this person existed." Here, the ultimate message touched me to the core. Regardless of where we were born and raised, "Moonlight" somehow captured humanity in a perfect way.We follow the story of Chiron, a meek boy who is raised in the rougher parts of Miami. His mother a drug addict and his classmates a constant source of bullying. The story is broken down into three concise chapters that tell specific stories pertaining to his identity. Chapter 1 is titled "little," where young Chiron is discovered in an abandoned building by a local drug dealer named Juan (Mahershala Ali, a great performance). For the first time in his life, Chiron has a father-figure who he can look up to and seek guidance amidst the lack of support from his mother. Chapter 2 is "chiron," where we find a lanky Chiron navigating a solitary life of high school. One night, he has an intimate encounter with his friend Kevin, an act that boils to a breaking point the next day in class. Chapter 3 ("black") concludes the tale with a hardened Chiron, muscular and menacing as a front, works as a drug dealer and reuniting with Kevin after years apart.The movie is wonderfully-written and these characters become people we can identify with if only because they have dealt with pain and loss in their lives. There is truth in their words. Chiron, a young boy who keeps his head down and speaks little, finds a voice through Juan and his girlfriend Teresa (Janelle Monáe). Contrasted to his life at home with his mom (Naomie Harris in a surefire Oscar nomination), Chiron begins to see that life is not only a place of torment. There are people out there who can make life worth living.The craft on this film is exceptional. The camera is in a constant state of motion and tightly-focuses on our characters with so much out of focus that their worlds become a state of confusion and disorientation. The first shot of the film is a simple scene, where Juan meets with a dealer and finds out how things are going. He soon leaves. A simple shot would have sufficed, framing both characters in medium. The camera instead whirls around these two men, floating through the street and immersing us in a the scene that is unexpected and memorable. It's the little things that count. The music, a combination of classical and choral, contrasts the images we see on screen and somehow heightens the emotions.The story, amidst characters and interactions, ultimately boils down to the relationship between Chiron and Kevin. In part one he is little more than a childhood friend (and in fact I had to check to make sure it was the same character in all three instances), and by the end we see him as an adult with just as many bottled emotions as Chiron. Though the two boys start off relatively similar, the finale shows the way that paths of life can diverge and flow. One of the final scenes is a simple scene where Chiron seeks Kevin out at his diner, where Kevin has promised to cook dinner. The exchanging of glances and the way the camera idly drifts in and out of the conversation is simply beautiful. Chiron has worked to build up his body and physique to appear intimidating, maybe threatening, but when he speaks with Kevin we catch glimpses of the shy little boy from the top of the story. For having 3 separate actors, the consistency of Chiron's personality is a crowning achievement in a film so full of great aspects.It's hard to put into words a movie that is so good that nothing can accurately describe. The perfect words have already been written in the script, and talking about the movie simply does nothing to improve on the fact. All I can say, wholeheartedly, is that you must make time to see "Moonlight" sooner rather than later. It's that good.

I haven't seen La La Land yet because I thought it would be a common boring musical. But honestly I don't think it can be more boring than this one. A story that could be told in less than 30 minutes takes 1h51m. Why really...? Also 99 Metascore...? This is not even a joke... It's really a shame for the world cinema to have this film as an Oscar winner.

When I saw that hype around this movie, I felt it was going to be a really wonderful movie, but turned out to be one of or if not the worst movie I have watched in my life. I literally wasted almost 2 hours of my time. And to think that this movie won best picture at the Oscars is mind-boggling.

I also took the hype train and started watching Moonlight with serious enthusiasm and expectation, as supposed to be I guess because of awards, ratings etc. Unfortunately I cannot write any good comments. Simply put; this is a bad movie. Movie is not good for any aspects, not good for having a solid story, not good for performances, not good for picture, directing, music and so on. It is actually surprising that movie is only mediocre for everything. I mean, it could be good for even a few things. Thus, nobody deserve any prizes for this 2 hour waste of media. Character depth is a joke. It couldn't been more shallow and under told. It is almost like writer or director thought: "well, you all watched numerous other movies, or heard stories about poor African-American society, drug addiction, bad motherhood, bullying etc. we don't need to repeat them again, but we also don't have anything more than that except this time there's a gay boy, so just focus on that and don't sweat us, just feel sorry and cry." They have literally lounged about telling a solid story and mocked viewers like "meh, you fill the gaps". This movie tries to be Boyhood, but got nowhere close to it. It tries to arouse some feelings of sensitivity or social responsibility but became only superficial and narrow-minded. Cutting it short; Moonlight is just an overrated, over hyped, sponsored and politically backed up movie that nobody will remember within 3 months, yet to be an epic story.

This film is impossible to be indifferent to! You have to watch this important film this year, a movie that you can learn something that will give the viewer new perspectives and insights. Watch this film! It is: gripping, believable, engaging, sad, hopeful, bleak and powerful. But it is first and foremost credible about what it's like to grow up in a tough environment. And tells a story of how to hold on and be strong, when you feel different and life can be a struggle.The film is threefold. We follow the protagonist of the three stages of life, as a child, as young and as an adult. The wonderful thing is that the actors portraying the main character, is equally good in all. They all have a great ability to communicate, and we pulled into the story of the main character, Little.What a fantastic film year 2017 appears to be. I recommend that you see this at the cinema. This is a film that demands a lot from you, and must be viewed with full attention. No break or derived. It will catch you and give you something to think about. I guarantee it.

I watched this movie because of its great success at the Oscars this year, and I was pretty disappointed. The actors are great, yes, but the story is extremely slow, often boring and there doesn't seem to be a real story line. The conversations are often dull and pointless. During the entire movie I was hoping that finally something unpredictable would happen, but it never did. In the end, the viewer feels like he just watched a documentary of the life of the main actor, which was quite boring from the start to the end and without any interesting twists or tensions or emotions. Can't say i'd recommend that movie.

The protagonist in Barry Jenkins' sophomore feature Moonlight is Chiron by name, and shy by nature. Bullied at school, neglected by his addict of a mother and wrestling with strong, complicated feelings for his best friend Kevin, Chiron is a world-weary wallflower of a young man whose difficult life contains only the smallest pockets of kindness. A Miami mystery in three acts, the film's first chapter deals with the young Chiron, better known as Little (Alex Hibbert); the second, his adolescent brushes with sex (Ashton Sanders); the third, Chiron the grown man (Trevante Rhodes), still hoarding the emotional baggage leftover from his early life. Adapting Tarrell Alvin McCraney's play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue for the screen, Jenkins reorganises the original story's nonlinear narrative into something cinematic, and rich with emotion, with a quivering, beating heart at its centre.USA 2016 111 minsDirector Barry Jenkinsmoonlight-movie.com ► Trailer Though Jenkins casts three different actors in the role of Chiron, the consistency of the performances that he pulls from his young actors feels radical. From their body language to their verbal tics and downcast eyes, each version of Chiron feels as real a continuation of the character as an old friend growing up before your own eyes. The most striking of these central performances is Trevante Rhodes as Chiron's oldest iteration; despite his hardened, sculpted body, his soul remains soft with longing and lingering wounds.When local drug dealer Juan (Mahershala Ali) finds nine-year-old Chiron hiding from bullies in his unlocked apartment, he takes it upon himself to look after him. He takes him to his girlfriend Teresa's house, feeds him and, in one lovely scene, teaches him how to swim.This is a film about the complexity of black masculinity and the very human hunger for connection. It is about the fragility that lies beneath a man's swagger – what it means to be 'soft' and what it means to be strong. "What's a faggot?" the young Chiron asks his surrogate father, who pauses before responding carefully: "A word used to make gay people feel bad." From the fatherly tenderness displayed by Juan to Kevin's playful, lustful lopsided smile, Jenkins paints the men in this film with care. His male characters cry and cook and kiss and fight; their love scenes are affectionate and erotic and, most importantly, they are offered a healing, redemptive ending.With the help of cinematographer James Laxton, Jenkins finds poetry in all aspects of everyday life. A casual football game is turned into a ballet; precise framing transforms a lonely bath into meditation on existence. The use of midnight blues and purples, and the vast wides that encompass Chiron's single, isolated figure, work together to create an otherworldly atmosphere, all heightened sensation and simmering, feverish emotion.An aside: it's worth noting that film like this aligns almost exactly with my own personal tastes and thematic concerns. I knew that it was very likely, predictable even, that I would be interested in a story centred that dealt with the intersecting multiple identities of race, gender, sexuality and class. Yet I found that that the way Moonlight explores identity politics both challenged and surprised me, pushing and pulling at my expectations of what a coming-of-age film about a gay black teenager might be. Jenkins takes clichés about addiction, drugs, poverty, violence and homophobia in black America, and changes their context by shading familiar situations and archetypes of black life with careful detail and texture. He holds up stock images – of the crack-addicted mother, the drug-dealing mentor, the bullied and sensitive queer kid – to a cracked mirror, capturing how they refract and rebound in unexpected ways. It is thrilling, sensuous stuff.

Have you ever met someone and wondered how they became the person they turned out to be? Moonlight answers that question for one man from the slums of Miami. The beauty of this film is in its subtlety. We are given a lot of information without a lot of exposition, which creates a perfect balance of wonder without confusion. Telling a story in this way requires flawless performances, as many of the most touching moments of revelation came not through words but through a look, an action or a movement. Even if you can't connect with the story being told you will be drawn to it. The film kept me in a state of tension the entire time as I watched Little/Chiron/Black struggle with the main antagonist - life - fighting against everything the world threw at him as he searched to find himself. I don't remember the last film I saw where I hung on every moment, hoping for the best and bracing myself for whatever came next.

That word: subtle is the best way to describe this fantastic movie. Well, that and REAL.Yes, this movie felt incredibly real and extremely subtle. It's what is not said that you feel every single emotion, where you want the characters to end up, when you want the pain to stop. It's nice, for once, to get a different perspective, new settings and characters to tell a coming out story. Especially from all the internal battles fought along the way. This did remind me some of Brokeback Mountain as some people cannot simply express their emotions as easy as most. (SEE: Internet.)I'm getting ahead of myself. The gist of the story tells the split-into- three tale of a boy, teen and adult who has to simultaneously deal with his druggie mom, being bullied, gangland and the inner turmoil of growing up gay. Despite this being fiction, this felt like a more real version of the so-called "real-time" Boyhood. The movie was shot perfectly – gritty, artsy but grounded and with a great narrative. Again, it's the subtle scenes and lack of dialogue, mostly by the lead, "Black" or "Little" that make this engaging. The stages in this kid's life felt like this boy/teen/man are truly one and the same. Each actor plays the same role with complete continuity from the previous portrayal. If you're not homosexual or haven't yet come out from being closeted in your youth, you can still see the struggle in this character's life on what those who are have to endureamongst all the other obstacles all other humans have to overcome. ***Final thoughts: C'mon Academy. You WRONGFULLY snubbed Brokeback Mountain. I'm not just pushing this movie since it's a gay-themed film. It truly deserves it, just like Brokeback Mountain. Open your minds. Open your eyes. And for the love of GOD, stop homophobia. Take off the judgmental glasses and see a great film despite your own flaws.

In a brilliant telling of a young man's rough upbringing and struggles with life and love, Barry Jenkins's award winning film is moving and poetic. The movie is separated into three parts starting with a young boy nicknamed Little (Alex R. Hibbert). Little falls under the tutelage of Juan (Mahershala Ali) when he is found in an abandoned crackhouse. Juan brings Little home to his house where he meets Teresa (Janelle Monae). With almost no dialogue, Little conveys the early life of a world-weary young boy who has seen too much too soon. When he does start talking, he asks tough questions of his new mentor.The movie jumps to high school where Little, now going by his given name Chiron (Ashton Sanders), is tormented by bullies and witnesses the decline of his drug addict mother Paula (Naomie Harris). He struggles with his sexuality but finds affection in his childhood friend Kevin (Jharrel Jerome). Eventually, he stands up to the bullies and winds up arrested for his bravery. Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com

The Moonlight in Miami shines brightly cinematically in Writer- Director Barry Jenkins' outstanding movie "Moonlight". It revolves around an African-American boy named Chiron, nicknamed Little by his peers. Little lives in the poverty project of Liberty City in Miami, Florida. While running away from the bullies who torment him, Little escapes into a presumed crackhouse. There he meets the gentle drug dealer named Juan, who cares for him as a surrogate-type father. Little has big problems at home because his mother Paula is a crack addict and also bullies Little. "Moonlight" then moves in two other chapters in Chiron's life; next as a insecure teen wrestling with his sexuality, and then as a brawny young adult. Jenkins marvels in presenting Chiron throughout his young life. And all the three young actors that play Chiron sure are on; Alex R. Hibbert as the young Little, a stunning Ashton Sanders as the teen Chiron, and Trevante Rhodes as the young adult Chiron. Mahershala Ali's work as Juan was a powerful Ali thespian punch; even though it would have been nice to see Ali in a few more rounds in the picture. Naomie Harris was a force to be reckoned with her stunning performance as the verbally abusive mother Paula. Andre Holland was a revelation as Chiron's longtime friend Kevin. James Laxton's cinematography was a work of Miami art. Jenkins' "Moonlight" is very subtle but very effective. "Moonlight" is more than just one small step for a man, it is one large movie that must be seen by man & woman kind. ***** Excellent

'MOONLIGHT': Four and a Half Stars (Out of Five)This critical darling, and Oscar hopeful, stands as one of the very best reviewed movies of 2016; and it will likely earn multiple Academy Award nominations (including Best Picture). The drama film tells the story of a young black man growing up in a crime-ridden section of Miami; it chronicles his life from childhood to early adulthood, by covering three different stages of his life. Three different actors play the lead role (in these three sections of the movie); Trevante Rhodes, Ashton Sanders and Alex Hibbert. The film also costars Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Andre Holland, Janelle Monae, Jharrel Jerome, Jaden Piner and Patrick Decile. It was written and directed by Barry Jenkins (from a story by Tarell McCraney). I think the film is a flawed, but near masterpiece; it's almost as good as the critics rave it to be.As a child Chiron (Hibbert), who's nicknamed 'Little', has to grow up in a rough neighborhood of Miami; while also dealing with his crack addicted mother, Paula (Harris). Chiron is very small in size, and he's also very shy and introverted. For this reason he's severely picked on by other children in the neighborhood, and he hardly talks to anyone. Another kid at school, named Kevin (Piner), befriends him though; and so does a local drug dealer, named Juan (Ali), and his girlfriend Teresa (Monae). The movie also covers Chiron's difficulties with life as a teenager (Sanders), and as a young adult (Rhodes); who's then become a somewhat hardened drug dealer, as well. I think the film is beautifully directed (and written) by Jenkins. The performances are all very powerful, and emotional, as well; especially Ali, in his scene-stealing supporting turn. What I most like about the movie though is it's stunning cinematography, striking music, and superbly effective editing; also (of course) the fact that I could really relate to the lead character. I have very much been an introverted outcast for much of my life; and I've also suffered from different, but in many ways similar (as well), adversity. The only thing I was a little disappointed with, about the film, is it's third chapter. I think the actor was miscast; and the character didn't seem to match the same character, from earlier in the film. I can see what Jenkins was trying to do with the story, but it didn't quite ring true to me.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1M9osPwjfbM

Richard Linklater's 2014 Boyhood boasted the tagline "one family's life; everyone's story," but in doing so, courted its most prevalent criticism. The experience of a heterosexual Caucasian boy growing up with a broken family in midwestern suburbia, while impressive in scope, was an oft-told Hollywood parable, fraught with contrivances so familiar they near the archetypal, and hardly representative of its encompassing claims. Simply put, the "everyone" Boyhood championed was a cross- section of the country accustomed to having their voices heard. Well, here is director Barry Jenkins' companion piece of American life: a young African-American boy growing up in low-income housing in Miami, told with equally affective, lyrical intimacy, but finding truth in its singularity rather than archetype. Confidently understated, tenderly fragile, and heralding harrowing and heartwarming twists in kind, Moonlight is pointedly not everyone's story, but it's beautiful and resonant enough to be a story that everyone - yes, everyone - should see. Jenkins revisits the recurring motif of Miami waves throughout Moonlight, and they begin to shape the film's form and heartbeat alike. With gentle but propulsive editing, Jenkins lolls back and forth between the formative events of protagonist Chiron's life, drifting between calmer spells and moments of agonizing hope (learning to swim; a tender, seaside first kiss) with the gentle cadence of a seaside swell, amidst a perennial undercurrent of trauma. Jenkins' flair for naturalistic pacing is effervescent, dwelling on the vibrancy of moments, while leaping years forward in time, excluding seminal events in Chiron's life, perfectly bottles the lyrical dreaminess of memory. Carefully unpacking the truth in each glimmer of cliché, Jenkins courts sympathy, not empathy - this is Chiron's story, not ours, and our job as audience is to bear witness. And this job, thanks to beautiful work by Jenkins and his talented cast, is nothing short of an honour. Beset by chronic bullying (which, Jenkins clearly outlines, extends well beyond the schoolyard), confusion over his sexuality, and the encroaching drug addiction of his mother (the superb Naomie Harris, who masterfully avoids Oscar-bait grandstanding in favour of a more brittle portrait of impotent anger and desperation and bitter humour), the life of "Lil'", as he is insultingly branded by his peers, is not a carefree watch. He finds a sole island amidst his sea of hardships, at the home of a kindly drug dealer and his wife (Mahershala Ali and Janelle Monáe; both magnificent, and voluminously emotive in their disappointingly fleeting screen time), until his young mind connects the dots to their profiteering off his own mother's downward spiral. It's an almost overwhelmingly devastating moment, and Jenkins doesn't milk it, but allows it to just sit, and the nuances of each character's silent pain to soak in. And if you think that's a flooring scene study, just wait until the film's third act, heralding the most wrenching diner sequence since Robert De Niro and Al Pacino crossed scowls in Heat. Still, Jenkins' adaptation of Tarell Alvin McCraney's theatrical play is anything but dour. Poignantly concise, Jenkins instead dwells on the vastness of what is left unsaid, as Chiron struggles with the various performances of masculinity thrust upon him by his socioeconomic status throughout the three chapters of his life, and the multitudes of physical and emotional abuse he's still beset by. For a film with so little dialogue, the wealth of feeling Moonlight conveys is staggering. This affective infectiousness is thanks largely to cinematographer James Laxton's harsh contrast between the glaring starkness of daylight, and the vulnerability and exposure it brings, and the meditative, chiaroscuro solace of nighttime, when Chiron (and his audience) can finally find peace. But above all else, Moonlight is Chiron's story, and it would be lost without the phenomenal work of Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders, and Trevante Rhodes, portraying Chiron in his youth, adolescence, and young adulthood respectfully. Although the three actors are fairly physically dissimilar (itself a commentary on the rampant character growth Chiron experiences), Jenkins stated in an interview that the three were cast for having the same haunted eyes, and it's a bold, wholly lucrative creative choice. All three actors are astonishingly magnetic, bleeding out Chiron's soul in their silence, averted glances, and shrunken nonchalance betraying such a depth of longing. In Chiron's foundational relationship with childhood friend Kevin (equally majestically essayed by Jaden Piner, Jharrel Jerome, and André Holland), the three sets of actors concoct mutually overlapping character arcs that capture some of the year's most jubilant and heartbreaking moments, while always tenderly believable. More lyrical, poetic, and visually inventive than most comparable contemporary portraits of social realism, Moonlight may sashay between moments, emotions, decisions, and regrets with the inevitable lilt of the tides, but leaves a beautiful memory trail infinitely more resonant behind it. Jenkins does not spoon-feed, and the film's artistic stillness and ambiguity may not befit all cinematic sensibilities. But this is fundamentally truthful, essential cinema, and, like his mythological centaur namesake, the story of Chiron is one that should be heard far and wide, and is liable to stay with us for many years to come.-9.5/10

I decided to check this movie out since I was heard a lot of positive things about it. Needless to say, I thought it was fantastic. I won't spoil anything, though I do mention one specific moment.You need to go into the movie expecting a very character driven story. Its a pretty quiet movie, and it heavily relies on the performances to be effective. The performances are definitely the best part of the movie. This is the best acting I've seen in a long time. Every single actor, even the child actors, none of them feel like they're acting. All you see on screen are real characters, real people. You feel like you're there with them. Definitely Oscar- worthy material. Even when they're not speaking, they convey so much emotion with their facial expressions. The film is split into 3 parts with a different actor portraying the main character at different ages. All 3 of these actors age seamlessly into one another, conveying the same mannerisms and speaking patterns throughout. I haven't seen multiple actors play the same character at different ages this well since We Need To Talk About Kevin.Moonlight kinda reminded me of It Follows since both movies are intentionally set in an indistinct decade and time of year, almost an alternate universe, made even more surreal since they never outright say where they are (even though if you look up information on both films you'll find where they were shot and intended to be set). This gives the film a more universal appeal since it feels like it could take place anywhere.Another aspect of the film I really liked was visual storytelling. In some scenes there are many small details that you can use to figure out a location or person's backstory without having anything verbally explained.My only big problems with the movie are on the artistic and technical levels. The production value is okay, but the cinematography isn't the greatest and sometimes they make some weird editing choices. I also personally thought the third act felt a little uneventful. At first I thought it ended a little too early, like there would be about 10 more minutes, but after thinking about it, that was probably the appropriate place to end.My only real objective nitpick is there's a scene where someone is hit with a chair and in typical Hollywood fashion the chair shatters into a bunch of tiny pieces. A real chair would never break that easily, and it momentarily took me aback since the rest of the movie is very grounded in reality. Overall this was a pretty stellar film and I'd highly recommend you support the filmmakers by seeing it in theaters. The movie is about a lot of things, especially finding one's identity and place in society, and masculinity and what it means to be a man. Because of this, everybody who sees this movie is sure to walk away with something to think about.Right now, Moonlight is the second best movie I saw in theaters so far in 2016. I like Hacksaw Ridge a little bit more, but keep in mind it's a completely different type of movie and there are different things it does exceptionally well to achieve its intended result.I take minor issue with some creative decisions, but everything else was incredible. 9/10.

went to see this after the academy awards. I had seen every movie but it, Lion, and Manchester by the Sea. I went to see LaLa Land with two friends. One loved it, one thought OK, and I wanted my money back.. shortly afterwards I watched a rerun of the Cotton Club from the 1980's. Now that was a movie.. LaLa Land had low costumes, easy dance routines, and not a great plot...So I had no expectations for Moonlight.. good or bad...WOW, I have never in my life left a movie that I paid cash money to see.. I lasted 1 hour and that was it, I was done... depressing, awful plot line, I can't even find words for it... If this is what America calls "the best of the best" it is no wonder everything is down the tubes in this country...Hacksaw Ridge was a great movie with great acting, great special effects and an outstanding job by Vince Vaughn. Fences, Hidden Figures, and several other movies I saw that got NO recognition were much better movies...WHO DECIDEDS THIS???????

Best way to describe this movie, was, "Get on your mark...get ready...get set........." but no one said, "GO." Basically, great build up, but never took off. I'm black, and yes, I'm not ashamed to admit that I support my people doing great things such as winning Oscars, but this movie was NOT worthy. It was the GAY AGENDA that won the Oscar. Nothing against the LGBT community; but why must everyone portray gay roles to win Oscars? Hillary Swank...Sean Penn...Phillip Seymour Hoffman....Jared Ledo, etc. ALL Oscar winners for portraying homosexuals, and that's not right! People are whining over black and white, but it's not race that Hollywood caters to. It's homosexuality they cater to. That's like me eating steak, but my best friend is a vegan. Even though my vegan friend doesn't eat meat, I RESPECT that, and love my friend regardless. I don't shove my steak in my vegan friend's face, FORCING him/her to eat it. But that's the best way I can describe Hollywood and the fact that they force homosexuality in the faces of people who are not homosexuals. Hell, I can love and respect a gay friend; but understand, I'm NOT GAY, and I shouldn't be seen as a bigot because I don't give you an award. And Mahershala Ali winning for Best Supporting Actor??? WTF? Nothing against him, but he's seen in this movie all of 20 minutes! If anything, I would've given the award to the woman who played the crack head mom! Or Janelle Monae. At least they were seen throughout the movie. But Ali's performance was nothing different from what an extra would do. Not Oscar worthy at all. Again, I love to see my people excel, but don't give us undeserved awards just to pacify us! Moonlight was a bad PBS movie in my opinion. Not Oscar worthy.

The first thing I can tell about Moonlight is that it is completely overrated. I haven't seen anything extraordinary about the film. Everything was slow and boring. I kept looking at the clock during the film to see how many minutes were left. I don't understand how it got all these Oscar nominations. The other nominees were way better than Moonlight. I regret that I spent two hours of my time on this highly overrated film :(

I am not a black person! Here you go, I said it first thing and probably not the best of opening sentences. And as a not-black- person, I cannot relate to where black people shop for their clothes because a young boy wearing the same trousers and white t-shirt all day, from being in school, being chased over rough terrain, climbed through fences, had food twice and slept in these very clothes and they still look brand new. I would love to know where these clothes were purchased, because I will get me some. And some of these women, boy-o-boy. No matter how much crack they smoke, it somehow makes them look more attractive. The crack sold here in Canada is different, you can usually tell if someone is using it, not just by their teeth. Yup, lots of attractive women in this show, also a tad different up here in Canada. And now a few words to the plot: there is no plot. It is not going anywhere. If you would like to watch a show that gives you a somewhat realistic display of what it feels like to grow up with people doing and dealing drugs, watch Training Day: completely different premise, but yet, you can feel the tension, the fear, the agony of having to grow up among people whose lives center around drugs. Not in this movie however. And to be absolutely honest: I grew up in a very suburban and 100% white neighborhood and I had friends that had a much shittier live growing up than that portrayed in Moonlight. And yes, numerous movies have been made already, This Boy's Life comes to mind, but none are so pointless or contrived as this. When I started my little rant I used sarcasm, but seriously, not every movie needs a plot, we have Lynch and vonTrier doing movies like that already and maybe there is room for more. And if you would like to specifically target 13% of the population that is fine by me as well, but please pay attention to details.

I would like my 2 hours back please. I thought this would be a good movie because it did just win the Oscar for best picture. Maybe they didn't mess up and should have given it to La La Land. This movie was like Drive but without the cool synth music and with even less dialogue.

"Moonlight" by Barry Jenkins it's one of the best films of 2016, it's one of the most wonderful films to come out in recent years, and it's also one of the most loved films of 2016, and I am glad to say that I really liked the film, even with some of its minor flaws.The film deals with subjects such as identity, love, courage, sexuality and maturity, subjects that aren't rare in film, but having a story this engaging with performances this good its something amazing. It feels like a very personal story for the makers of this film, and the viewer feels it, we feel the passion and the love behind the film, maybe that's why this movie has been getting all this love, besides the fact that its an universal story with real emotions. With many movies with a huge hype around them, more often than not, they end up being somehow disappointing, this movie doesn't live to the hype that everyone creates around it, it has a few flaws, like a few not so good performances, or even some off putting moments, that aren't executed very well, some moments that seemed rather pointless, and also a very weak start.But it makes up for it by having brilliant direction, great writing, memorable performances by the main cast, and some strong emotional scenes in it, sometimes the film feels rather beautiful.I definitely recommend the film, if you feel that there has been too much hype around it, I would recommend for you to just watch it, not thinking too much of it, but it is a really passionate film

What if you grew up Black, while also feeling like you are a homosexual? It's hard enough living through one of the two, which is why it takes a seriously committed director like Barry Jenkins to accept the challenge. He doesn't have that much experience directing feature-length films, but in Moonlight, you would think he's been a master of his craft for decades. His latest feature has been picking up tremendous well-deserved Oscar buzz due to its subtle shock value that grips you throughout all the important milestones of a boy's growth into a man within an all-Black community.The boy's name is Chiron, and Jenkins introduces us to him while he is on the run from other boys at school who throw garbage at him. His tears of fright call the attention of a humble, hospitable member of the community, played with a cool soothing voice by Mahershala Ali. In this stage of his youth, Chiron's words are far and few in between, leaving room for what he doesn't say, rather than what he does say, to craft his complex character. At this point he's given the name "Little" by the friendly older man, who plans to help him get home, against the boy's wishes, and for good reason. His mother is the living embodiment of the environment he must grow up in: trashed, rejected, dependent on drugs to sustain mental stability, in other words, the usual Black mother figure of Hollywood cinema. It's not the best portrayal of Black women, but Naomie Harris' (Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom, Skyfall) performance as this mother figure is the most disturbing and terrifying on screen depiction since Heath Ledger's Joker.This man quickly becomes the father figure "Little" never knew he wanted, as depicted by a nostalgic swimming lesson on the seashore. He may have the role model his mother failed to be, but it turns out that's not what his biggest problem is. Rather, his sadness comes from daily getting called a "faggot," so frequently in fact, that he wonders if it's true. Under any other directors' hands, this scene could easily go dreadfully wrong, but Jenkins knew how to pace it in a fashion that commands tears to be shed as Chiron opens up about his sexuality.Then we are shown his teenage years, where he is given the nickname "Black" by his best friend Kevin. He almost always keeps to himself as his social capacity is limiting; his mother's desperate harassment towards him for drug money not helping in the process. Just like anybody in their teenage years, here is where screenwriter (also Barry Jenkins) cranks up his storytelling vigor, throwing in detail after detail of Chiron's most important memories to keep even the most distanced of minds intrigued.The visual flavor is not like other motion pictures you have seen. Everything about the camera-work is flawed: the image jerks all over, the image spins in and out of focus, the white balance is off, but you know what? It works. If done unintentionally, this would appear to be the work of any amateur who's never touched a camera before. But director of photography James Laxton orchestrates these imperfections to match the disorder of Chiron's desire for self- discovery. Nicholas Brittel's (The Big Short) soundtrack matches the troubling look of the picture to help you hate the people that Chiron would want dead.While it may be an immediate shut-off for many to see the very open life of a homosexual, especially in a film that features only one White actor (playing a police officer), this is one of the most intriguing looks into Blackness of the past decade. It's not every day you look into a world where all Blacks casually call each other a "n*gger" as if it's common slang. So if the subject matter does not offend you, and you want to feel better about the place of Blackness in our world, then Jenkins' character study is made especially for you.

Not to sound like a pretentious asshole, but this is a movie you actually have to pay attention to instead of having people shout and shoot guns to emphasize the plot. It's an intellectual film that moves slowly in order to represent how life feels to a person living one. Those who call the film cliché are absolutely ridiculous. Find me another film about a vulnerable yet masculine gay man who is black and at the end of the film embraces his sexuality without either dying or being terribly upset forever. If you can do that, I will give you a million dollars because nothing of that nature exists. This movie draws upon the lives of Barry Jenkins and the playwright themselves. The cinematography is unparalleled. The acting is fantastic. The story is flawless. The movie is about watching and experiencing and feeling. Yeah, it's slow at some parts, but it's supPOSED to be. The scene with Black and Kevin in the diner in the third act is incredibly slow moving as it plays with the ambiance and timbre of "Hello Stranger" by Barbara Lewis to reflect the dripping tension between the two characters. It's a film for those who can truly appreciate the art of storytelling and images to create something fluid and beautiful. Those calling it boring and cliché merely did not watch it correctly. I find that most of these are white people saying that it's the Oscars way of making up for not having POCs win last year, but Moonlight is an excellent film all on its own. If you don't like it, you should really ask yourself why. Is it because there's no white people in the cast, and you find it hard to relate? Is it because it's about struggling with your sexuality, and you've never had that problem before? Really consider these two things and watch the movie again. It's truly a transformative experience if you erase your bitterness and listen to what it's trying to tell you. Some people just aren't smart enough to do that.

good acting, interesting cinematography, utterly plain and uninteresting story of a poor black kid, crack-addicted mother, a drug dealer for a role model, some sexual identity problems, and he grows up to be a - surprise !! - a drug dealer. oh, and his mommy is sorry -some 20 years later- for mistreating him. No interesting plot, no interesting characters, nothing inspirational or at least mildly surprising. The best thing that can be said about the scenario is that is lacking some major stereotypes like black gangs in bandanna's brandishing weapons at every corner. Acting and cinematography worthier of a better story.

This has got to be the worst movie to ever win an Oscar for best picture. This movie can owe its Oscar to the current social and political climate in the USA. A gift from the elitist, entitled lefties in Hollywood. Hollywood owes me 2 hours; if it won an Oscar for best picture...then it must be worth watching right? Wrong.

It is simply another over-hyped movie but far better than the latter. It could've been good but is completely let down by the last half of the Third Act, which makes the entire movie amount to nothing meaningful.In essence, it was good for almost the 2 acts, but starts crumbling the 3rd act. As the 3rd phase of Chiron does not have enough resemblance or even make sense because there is a massive leap from second to the third act, making the 3rd act to stand on its own; unlike the Second Act which leaned on the First Act for enhancing the story.The best aspects being the first two acts; the acting is amazing with great theatricality. A lot can be said, but you really can't describe it, you can only feel it.

Mahershala Ali gives a thoughtful, exquisite performance as a generally wise and kind-hearted drug dealer in Miami who takes a shine to a bullied black youngster in his neighborhood, one with no friends and a mother on crack. Unfortunately, the overreaching screenplay by director Barry Jenkins, from Tarell Alvin McCraney's original story, eliminates Ali's Juan from the narrative in its second chapter, wherein the frightened youngster has become a withdrawn teenager. It's understandable that Jenkins would choose to focus on the younger person's journey--the need for a dramatic story arc (i.e., the kind of thing they teach in screen writing classes)--but, as a teenager, the protagonist Chiron, still fighting the childhood nickname "Little," hasn't progressed as a character to the point of retaining our sympathy (he's actually been stripped of character). As a director, Jenkins observes the quiet, wide-eyed boy with compassion, but he doesn't allow the teenage Chiron any personal growth (in his understated but direct way, Juan hopes to instill some of his philosophy in the child, which isn't rebuffed but neither is it utilized). The film's weakest link is Chiron's relationship to his mother (Oscar-nominated Naomie Harris), who comes on like a harried working mom but is soon revealed to be an irresponsible junkie (Harris is the Hollywood version of an addict: pearly-white teeth, clear skin and even clearer eyes). Movies about bullied people ask a lot from their audience; we squirm while they're being victimized, and we wait in frustration for them to defend themselves. When Chiron finally has had enough and fights back, he's not using the advice he's been given (what we've been privy to). Instead, Jenkins has him snap, lash out. Maybe this is realistic behavior, but it doesn't lend itself to a believable third act (which I felt was a little coy). Jenkins and his team probably felt (or, at least, hoped) they were treading new ground in their final act--with drama portrayed 'from the heart' and so on--but "Moonlight", though most certainly a noble film, doesn't hang together as a convincing portrait of one man's life. I kept wondering what happened to Ali; his Juan is the only person on-screen who seems to live outside the constricted dialogue. **1/2 from ****

Belonging, love, identity – not everyone grows up a gay black man with a drug addict mother and no father like Chiron, the main character in Barry Jenkins' "Moonlight," but his struggle to find and be himself resonates across all lines of race, gender, ethnicity and sexual orientationA coming-of-age story in three parts, "Moonlight" gives us a glimpse into critical periods in Chiron's life, each stage portrayed by a different actor. Alex R. Hibbert plays 9-year-old Chiron, a.k.a. "Little," a quiet boy who gravitates toward a local drug dealer (Mahershala Ali) to escape being bullied at school and ignored by his mother (Naomie Harris); Ashton Sanders plays teenage Chiron, a near-brooding adolescent forced to face who he is and can become; and Trevante Rhodes plays "Black," a physically transformed but still emotionally fragile Chiron as a young adult. What it took Richard Linklater more than a decade to accomplish in 2014's "Boyhood," Jenkins does in a film that's an hour shorter and was shot in something like three weeks. Nothing can substitute watching a character actually age before your eyes, but the three actors who play Chiron all seem to share his essence. Of the many things Jenkins does well in this film, ensuring Chiron's soul comes through so authentically in all three performances is one of the more underrated.As an ensemble, the cast of "Moonlight" ranks among the year's best if not the year's best period. The film's roots as a play (written by Tarell Alvin McCraney but never produced) assure the actors some powerful dialogue and scene work. The dialogue drives the drama, as do the unspoken relationship dynamics. Only a few scenes, mostly in the second act, have a distinct physicality to them, otherwise it's Jenkins who must utilize the camera to facilitate conflict, tension and feeling.Jenkins experiments with a whole host of techniques, mostly visual but also in the form of Nicholas Britell's fragmented orchestral score, which sneaks in and out of the film as emotional punctuation, and in many instances completely disappears to leave the viewer with contemplative silence. There's an intimacy to Jenkins' approach and to the story as a whole that the film's vignette structure would seem to prohibit, but Jenkins is able to generate a profound amount of sympathy for Chiron almost instantaneously. His quiet, non-verbal nature in all three life stages gives us ample time to consider his point of view and participate in his journey of self-discovery.All three acts of the film possess moments of tenderness, optimism and heartbreak, sometimes simultaneously. It speaks to the fragility of life for Chiron, who has the bare essentials to rely on but little else, and how so often the things that leave the biggest imprints on our lives are both good and sad. We even get a sense of just how true this through the only other character who appears in all three acts, Chiron's mother. Even though the role is fairly small, Harris is able to give a full sense of the mother's journey too, and brings complexity to a character who's otherwise easy to despise.We can safely say that Chiron's story, background and experiences will be unlike those of most people who see "Moonlight." Often times even the best movies that feature characters and situations we know exist but are so different from our own create a safe amount of distance, that is to say the viewer gets to observe, seemingly from afar, what life is like some kind of "other." We leave the viewing experience feeling better educated about and more compassionate toward those whose realities most resemble that film's story. "Moonlight," however, erases more of that distance than films of a similar premise. Jenkins creates an intimacy by telling the story in a way that taps into the most universally human aspects of the story. We've seen stories like it done before countless times, but Jenkins changes how we watch "Moonlight" by bringing us closer to everything, to the point that we get more tangled up in Chiron (all three of them) and see parts of ourselves, our lives and our experiences in this poor, black, gay, young man from Miami.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more

Director and screenplay writer Barry Jenkins has managed to craft a whole new experience that is one part meditative, another part long lasting and masterful.A simple coming of age story is told through gorgeous cinematography, some of the best I have seen on films in years. The film is awash in a sort of "tropical drab", dark hues of blue appropriate moonlight and leaving a refreshed almost improved 80s neon, as the story of "Little" is acted during 3 periods of his life by 3 different actors, all of them equally brilliant.The film is like a slow rolling ocean wave, one that builds and builds always having a sense of light climax hitting the screen. Plot aside which is for the most non-existent, the actors simply perform wonderfully (all of them) in the film showing the trials and tribulations of a young boy trying to grow up in a dysfunctional one parent household.I don't think I've ever seen a film where so much expression was conveyed by an actor just simply by the use of his eyes. The 3 actors who play the main character really seemed like the same person, it's astonishing, as they walk through bleached out section 8 walls, between gorgeous palm trees, bright colors, and the beach so nearby that seems to be the respite from the madness so close to home.The culture and the landscape and story is so uniquely portrayed that it's refreshing. The film pictures Miami bathed wet streets, neon, diverse colors of its people and the places and qualities that surround them with a story that's so unique, but must be so common place about grown African-American men who at their even biggest physical prowess are still children inside.I left the theater with a sense of feeling how wonderful this was made, but also not crazy about it being a total masterpiece as some critics have claimed. However, it's strength is in making you remember these characters and what the future holds for Little long after the film ends. I still feel even today that I hope "Little" finds out who he really is. I still think about it days after seeing this story, and how Little will be, and perhaps that in its own right makes it a masterpiece.

"Moonlight" is a very moving and well-crafted film. It concerns the many challenges faced by an African American youth growing up with the burden of a drug-addicted, abusive mother and relentlessly vicious schoolmates. Chiron finds a few rays of light as he fends off attacks from all sides and negotiates his own complex sexuality. Those rays include a well-meaning but highly culpable adult drug dealer, the drug dealer's girlfriend and, separately, another teenager who eagerly kisses and then reluctantly assaults Chiron within the same 24-hour period.The structure of the film is highly reminiscent of Satyajit Ray's Apu trilogy, except here the story is contained in one movie rather than three distinct films. The acting perfectly expresses the ongoing devastation and chaos in Chiron's life, aided by a script that serves up a minimum of mawkishness or sentimentality. The blunt realism of this film, filled with violence more psychological than physical for the most part, really pierces the heart -- I defy anyone to see it and feel unmoved by what it shows.The camera work is phenomenal, and perfectly complements the frightening milieu and seriously damaged characters with its restlessness and aggression. The editing, too, is highly skilled -- not a moment in this film feels wasted.If only movies like "Moonlight" were the norm. It plies the narrow strait between forgettable blockbuster entertainments on the one hand and pointless independent movies replete with clichés on the other. Please see and support "Moonlight" so we can all look forward to further efforts by its abundantly talented creators and cast.

Words cannot express how I felt after watching Moonlight. It's hard to write a review for a film that touches you so powerfully, so emotionally, because there is nothing else you can say aside from just how deeply you felt it. I felt it, possibly in a way I haven't felt a film in years. So simple in its premise, but incredibly written, directed, and acted. It may very well have one of the best final scenes I have ever seen. Something that also stood out that I didn't particularly expect was the amazing cinematography, so free flowing and so acutely able to capture the characters' feelings. This is a film that is not to be missed, a film to be celebrated through and through.

For me, "Moonlight" was the story of a boy, who grows to manhood, who seldom knew the tenderness of another human being. Raised in the shadows of Miami, Chiron (also known as "Little), lives with his crack smoking mother. He is bullied by boys at his school. The only people who are kind to him is a local drug dealer and his girlfriend. When the dealer finds Chiron hiding from the bullies, he tries to get the boy to open up, and talk. This man, for all of his faults is the only one that the boy comes to trust, and talk to.As the boy grows, his mother becomes more abusive, and the bullies are even meaner, and subject Chiron to all types of insults. But Chiron has one friend he can talk to, Kevin. Chiron can talk to Kevin, and the two boys share a rare moment of affection with each other. However, the bullies force Kevin to betray Chiron, and Chiron ultimately snaps and takes revenge on the ring leader.In act three, Chiron is now a man, and he has tried to make a life for himself in the only way that he knows, from what he's seen (no spoiler). He still has issues with his unaffectionate mother, and he meets up with Kevin, whom he hasn't seen in a number of years.Everything about this film is excellent. The writing rings true, the acting from all three "Chiron's) is wonderful, as well as support from Naomie Harris, Janelle Monae, and Mahershala Ali. The film dealt with themes about abuse (both physical and verbal), the need for role models, and the need for personal contact / relationships. It shows how just a little love or compassion, early in a person's development can mean so much to their life after they've grown.8 out of 10

This movie is a beautiful piece of art from beginning to end. I was anxious to see this film but still nervous in hopes that the result would match the hype. Some of my expectations were not met (Janelle Monae's role) but those minor kinks do not take away from what the film was made to be.I was curious as to how they'd tell a full story in three parts but it flowed well and each actor who portrayed the main character, Chiron, added so many nuances.. it just pulled you in. But the actors who stole the show are definitely Naomie Harris as the main character's Mother and Ashton Sanders who played the teenager version of the main character. Both commanded the screen in every scene they were in. On the surface, Naomie's character is despicable but she brought such heart that it made you feel for her. Ashton's version of Chiron was a great journey to watch. I was rooting for him the entire time. But I must point out that the entire cast was awesome.Well written, well paced. The visuals. The music. I was blown away and definitely recommend it. There were some places I wanted the story to go, as far as character interaction in certain areas. I was looking for some memorable monologues or some gritty drama between certain characters but I had to realize that this movie was more about the internal struggle. The subtlety is what made it unique.

The film is an in depth story about a young gay boys struggle growing up in Miami. The cinematography is absolutely fantastic and the music runs along nicely to this. The film could of definitely been shortened and had more dialogue from shiron who for the most part stands around with his mouth hanging open looking gormless. Powerful story,

I was watching the movie and the truth is that what I thought is that at least it was not the typical movie that blames society for the misfortune of its protagonists. In this house it is certain people in particular.The film has bored me a lot, it was another film of the same social theme. What happens is that even believing you the movie, in the end things have happened, that I will comment on spoiler, that I have demolished the film.He has some good performances, I do not know if to be nominated, I think not, but hey. It's another movie that talks about double standards and that surprised me seeing the character of Mahershala Ali whom I have not found much sense as contradictory.The photograph I did not like anything, did not make me feel, or helped the story.The direction is simple, the typical camera plans that you observe and neither count nor compose. But the worst thing is that he does not mind having casting mistakes.Spoiler:The final part has seemed long, too long. I do not know if all that part is to show that he is locked in himself, but I have enough and he bores me.What does not block me from the final part is that we see the character of the protagonist change so much of how to be, just like that. In addition and this it supplements in the film with a phrase that would not be necessary if there were no error of castings, and the friend tells him that he was very thin and now he is strong. But does anyone think that big man is the kid? That drug passes and is scary.

Wild Wild West has been overtaken as the worst movie of all time by this nonsense. It obviously won awards because of white guilt. It's about a black gay kid from the projects with a crack whore mother so it had to win an award or two. There was nothing to like in the actual movie. It had no redeeming features at all.I get that Americans feel guilty over the whole slavery thing. They should. It was horrible but that was a long time ago now and it's time to stop giving movies awards because of it.I ended up wasting my Saturday night because the reviews were so far off. Get over yourselves and get real. This movie sucked! There was no story-line. The main character hardly speaks. Nothing happens, thought provoking or otherwise. It was truly boring in every way.Avoid unless you are a self righteous moron.

I was very excited to watch this film. Unfortunately, it has a broken, or to be honest no plot! There are several story lines, but all fail to develop. I was left more confused than anything after watching the film. So I watched it again, thinking I missed something, but was even more confused!The acting is good in parts, but with no plot. I don't even see how this film was in consideration for Best picture. The only other nominated film that I have seen so far is Hidden Figures a solid 8-9/10... how the academy gave this film Best Picture over it is beyond me. It is like giving Napoleon Dynamite best picture over Shawshank Redemption!!! And I still haven't seen the other nominated films.For some reason Hollywood seems to want to get into politics. There are becoming like kids Sports where everyone deserves a medal! And we have multi millionaire stars getting on stage claiming they understand the day to day struggles of the average American, better than the actual Average American.Interestingly, I watched the Oscars for the first time in years (I think I'm good now for another 10 years). Side note, while scanning the crowd , for all their righteousness and liberal claims, were 1% of the stars in attendance non Caucasian? Warning: Hollywood, get back in touch with your customers or you will suffer the same fate as many pro sports leagues that have lost large percentages of their fan base!

MOONLIGHT (2016) **** Alex R. Hibbert, Ashton Sanders, Trevante Rhodes, Mahershala Ali, Janelle Monaie, Naomi Harris, Jaden Piner, Jharrel Jerome, Andre Holland. Powerful, poignant and compelling three act harmony portrait of a young, black gay boy from adolescence thru adulthood while experiencing trauma, self-reflection and finally acceptance is enhanced by strong acting by the three actors portraying Chiron (Hibbert, Sanders and Rhodes). Kudos as well to an amazingly realized ensemble cast including Ali in an Oscar-worthy turn as Chiron's mentor and father figure (truly complex turn), Monaie as his mother figure and Harris as his crack-addled mother (hauntingly heartbreaking and equally worthy of an Oscar). Gorgeously shot by James Laxton and wonderfully scored by Nicholas Britell. Filmmaker Barry Jenkins, who co-scripted with Tarell Alvin McCraney, delivers an important film about neglect, family, social strata's life falling thru the cracks and finally love. One of the year's best.

What's so impressive about Moonlight is how incredibly real it feels. Despite the protagonist, Chiron, being a character often looked by society, the film has an unnerving sense of realism. The script is so real and engaging because everything drives the story forward. Every word uttered makes you think about the overarching story and characters, about identity and masculinity, and about yourself. The film is massive yet intimate; confident, yet not pontificate. Chiron is played by three actors for the three depicted periods in his life. They all portray Chiron masterfully, but they don't feel like imitations of each other. Director Barry Jenkins restricted the actors from seeing each others' interpretations so that Chiron would feel like a slightly different character throughout his life, and despite this, the film doesn't feel episodic. It feels like a linear story told in the best way it ever could have been.Not a single moment in the film felt flat–there is not a single misstep. It wrestling with the idea of societal expectation–projecting strength, and hiding vulnerability. The only criticism I can make for this movie is that it didn't fully hook me. The first time I watched each of my favorite films, I was white-knuckled on the edge of my seat from the first frame of the movie. Moonlight didn't so that for me. It's a beautiful story that builds to a very emotionally satisfying finale, but it just didn't enthrall me as much as I would have liked it to. Still, that is a very subjective opinion. Moonlight is undoubtedly one of the best movies of our time. It features marvelous acting, cinematography, screenplay, soundtrack, and casually lyrical camera-work.This movie will forever live among the greats and absolutely deserves a 10 out of 10.

This film tells the story of a young boy growing up in a rough neighbourhood. His mother only cares about taking illegal drugs, and he is bullied at school for being the small, shy and sensitive boy. We get to see his personal journey of growing up, and the adult he turns into."Moonlight" is a personal story which has an obvious external layer that is passively received by the viewers, and an inner layer that has to be actively felt by the viewers. Chiron's inner emotions are not portrayed overtly, but it makes its presence known. It is a beautiful story. I had no idea the film would end the way it did, hence the impact is maximised for me.

This is a very powerful film told in three stages of a man's life. It starts with a young black kid growing up in 1980's Miami with a crack head mother and no father figure. A drug dealer named Juan takes Chirone under his wing and teaches him about being a man. We then see a teenager version he gets bullied at school for being different and gay. Later we see the fully fledged version now distant and looking for acceptance living in Georgia. This film is told in such a unique and quiet way it really sneaks up on you. The man who plays Juan is amazing as a mentor for the kid he is a drug dealer but he really takes care of him and teaches him the lessons of life. I have to mention the score which is beautifully done in orchestra and very moving. This film was based on a play on someone who actually experienced these things. No matter where you come from you can relate to this character. Just to walk in somebody else shoes for a movie of one hour forty five minutes could possibly prove life changing for you in just accepting different races and different people. This film could do really well at the Oscars i hope it does. I couldn't recommend this film highly enough. I give it my highest grade of five stars

A unique look at the life of a gay black man growing up. The film is separated into 3 parts. Young Little, Teenage Chiron and Adult Black give us a look into the life of a gay black man who struggles to come to terms with his sexuality because of his environment is not supportive. This film really moved me and opened my eyes to the struggles some must face to live their lives. I recommend this movie to everyone and anyone who wants to be more informed about what people have to go through to simply live their lives. I find it sad that this goes on more than we would like to accept. The fact that Chiron had to grow up "hard" and not pursue love and a relationship really hits me hard. I am married to a black man and I see the struggle on a daily basis. I think it is important to show and understand it is a very difficult road to be out, open and black. Black gay men are some of the strongest men in the universe.

There were 3 films that I wanted to see before the Oscars that were generally considered by most to be the best for the 2016 season: Moonlight, La La Land, and Manchester By The Sea. I loved Manchester..., and thought La La Land was just OK. But after it won the Oscar for Best Picture, I thought it was time to finally see Moonlight.As others have noted, it is incomprehensible to me how this film was so highly rated, as well as the winner for Best Picture (although historically, winning Best Picture hasn't meant anything at all in terms of quality and memorability).This film is very slow, and the actors who played Chiron at the three points in his life were grossly under-prepared to play a role like this. Now, as an independent movie, you can understand how they could only afford near-amateur actors in this critical role, but they are surrounded by well-known, and presumably more expensive actors/actresses like Naomie Harris, Andre Holland and Janelle Monae. So why was a decision made to allocate resources in this way? Sadly, the only reason I think this film won awards and was critically lauded was due to the subject matter and to be politically correct. I can appreciate wanting to recognize and encourage a low-budget, independent film, but this wasn't the one to choose.

I'm a tolerant person, have friends and family who are LGBTQ. I understand multiculturalism and human rights. Entertainment should portray a story of humanity but when wave after wave of sexual themed movies even such at 50 Shades series, it needs to stop. The harsh urban backdrop of this movie was portrayed excellently as well as the relationship to his mother and father. I found some humanly touching moments in the film but when all is said and done it is still AN AGENDA FILM ABOUT SEXUALITY not identity. I was on the LGBTQ bandwagon too for a while and I celebrated the rights of gays to marry but that has changed. What was once a good cause has become a growing tyranny of a small minority of people who want all the high places of influence in society. I don't want a gay president, I just want an honest president. I don't want to bake gay cakes, I just want to bake a cake. I don't want gay novels, gay cars, gay clothes or gay cinema. Just because hetero-normal life is portrayed in film doesn't mean a sexual agenda is being pushed. When a couple is shown on screen having sexual intercourse it is called pornography no matter what the rating is. Leave sexual agendas out of film. Period.

**** May contain strong spoilers ****This is a review made by StoneDraim... and that means that if you want to read a probably different kind of review, keep reading....This is my personal experience, my personal point of view/perspective and my personal opinion... and my opinion is just one of like 7 billions in this world.Up close an personal. There you will find "Moonlight". Up close and personal. There you will find me now: I feel sadness and tragedy when being displayed the "backside" of The United States Of America. The trash, the broken society, the mental illness, the melancholy in the "bada** attitude".... this make me feel really down. "Moonlight" shows this spot on, and at the same time it gives both contemplation and a beautiful thing as strong friendship and a substitute to father ship. The contrast in the attitudes and the Afro Americans relationship in the back alley of America blended with the vivid classical music and violins creates something special.Ever seen the movie Boyhood that won 1 Academy Award? Moonlight is a light (pun?) version of that 12 year epic. You follow a bow to the teenage years and through the adult life.It starts out interesting and caring in the child's childhood. Then, it just becomes more and more slow and boring. Really tried to keep the attention all the way through. I wish I could be more engaged to this movie. I wish I could say that it deserves 8 Academy Award nominations. I my opinion, yes, it is good. Tragic, negative, sad... so much that it turns the rate down. Why have a great display of misery when the display could have been laughter, joy, success and good? Surely, those things can come from a disturbed youth. And still, the latter is more what should be more of.2 minutes before the ending screen, there is an intensive and tense moment staring right into that Academy Award. That moment is great... it is better than great. The solid emotions and understanding coming out of love from "You're the only man than ever touched me...." That ending made me put on 6,0 instead of 5,6.Over to the movie as a product: - The production : Excellent way of using the innovative music to create emotions. Innovative way to change chapters from childhood to teenage years to adult life. Good audio and good visuals. Effective and striking visual and audio editing! - The actors : Could be a lot of potential here for the future to come. - Entertainment : I wish I could say "YES, INDEED!". It is worth he watch. - Age : 156,0 out of 10. (The final rate is based most on my own entertainment of the movie. Short elucidation of the rating: 6 Nice production. Good movie.)

Subtlety. It's a rare commodity in film. Most movies seem to feel that they have to beat the Movie Fan over the head with their message – or are so loud and/or flashy that the Movie Fan doesn't really get much of a chance to consider the message. Making a movie built around the concept of subtlety takes talent, patience and guts. "Moonlight" (R, 1:51) is such a film. It's the story of a black boy growing up in Miami and learning to deal with the challenges of being raised by a drug-addicted mother, getting bullied by his classmates for being different and trying to come to terms with his sexuality and find his place in the world. This movie, loosely based on Tarell Alvin McCraney's unproduced play entitled "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue", comes right out and tells us very little but manages to say much.The film, adapted and directed by Barry Jenkins, is divided into three distinct sections, each opening with a black title card and white letters which give us only the number of that particular chapter and that chapter's name – the name that Chiron, the main character, is known by during that period in his life. "i. Little" introduces us to Chiron (Alex Hibbert), a small, quite boy who seems to get no joy from life. He has only one friend, a boy named Kevin (Jaden Piner), and is constantly bullied by the other kids. Chiron's mother (Naomie Harris) alternates between neglecting and verbally abusing him. "Little" meets a drug dealer named Juan (an Oscar-worthy Mahershala Ali) who becomes a father figure to Little and encourages him, with the help of Juan's kindly girlfriend, Teresa (Janelle Monáe), at whose house Little sometimes also gets a meal and has a place to sleep when things get especially bad with his mother."ii. Chiron" features a teenage Chiron (now played by Ashton Sanders), who is as joyless and nearly as quiet as he was when he was known in the neighborhood as "Little". His mother has become even more desperate and pathetic, and the bullying continues, but with more severe consequences. Chiron maintains his relationship with the few positive influences in his life, especially Teresa and Kevin (Jharrel Jerome), who are the only two people who seem to really understand Chiron and accept him for who he is. In "iii. Black", Chiron (Trevante Rhodes), now going by the nickname that Kevin gave him years earlier, has moved to Atlanta, but takes advantage of an opportunity to reunite with Kevin (André Holland). Seeing how these two young men turned out continues to showcase this film's subtle storytelling style."Moonlight" is an artful, subtle and powerful film. The three actors who played Chiron at different ages were chosen not so much for their overall physical resemblance to each other, but based on the similarities in their eyes, which are easy to notice in the movie poster. Beyond that, the three actors (as well as the three actors who played Kevin) had no contact with the others playing their character during filming, allowing all of them to portray their own interpretations of their character. Those eyes and those character portrayals effectively and engagingly tell an especially potent coming-of-age story, while Jenkins gives us an artful, creative and unforgettable film. "A"

"Moonlight" (2016 release; 110 min.) brings the story of Chiron. As the movie opens (and we are in "i. little", the first of the movie's three chapters), we see Chiron, a young boy of maybe 8 or 9, being chased by bullies. He ends up hiding in an abandoned motel where he is found by Juan, who takes pity on the boy and takes him home. When Chiron refuses to tell Juan or his girl friend where he lives, they let him spend the night. The next morning, Chiron does give his address, and Juan drives him home, where Chiron is berated by his mom. At this point we're not even 15 minutes into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this movie is written and directed by Barry Jenkins, who previously brought us "Medicine for Melancholy". Here, he tackles a topic near and dear to his heart (but it is not strictly auto-biographical): watching how a young boy grows up in the tough part of town in Miami. The movie follows three specific phases: youth, young adult, and adulthood. The story is at times devastating to watch. I can't really say much more than that, you'll just have to take my word for it. The most complex of relationships that the movie focuses on is the one between Chiron and his abusive and addiction-riddled mom. , When once again they get into an argument, Chiron's mom blurts out "You're my only, and I'm your only!", as if that somehow justifies the abuse and the neglect suffered by Chiron. The movie is chock-full with outstanding acting performances, from the 3 actors who play the lead roles of Chiron and his friend Kevin, to Naomi Harris as Chiron's mom. But the movie is almost stolen by none other than Janelle Monae as Juan's girl friend Teresa. Couldn't help but notice in the movie end credits that this was Executive Produced by none other than Brad Pitt. I can't help but compare "Moonlight" to that other recent movie, "Kicks", also about what things are like growing up in the brutal African-American community. "Kicks" was okay, but it pales in comparison to "Moonlight", which is an outstanding movie on so many levels. Bottom line: the buzz around "Moonlight" has steadily been building in the last month, and justifiably so. I am going to go on record right now that this movie will score a bunch of Oscar nominations."Moonlight" finally opened at my local art-house theater here in Cincinnati, and I couldn't wait to see it. The Sunday early evening screening where I saw this at was attended nicely but frankly I had expected even better than that. Maybe this movie is going to get bigger and bigger crowds as word-of-mouth gets around. Either way, "Moonlight" is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

In its depiction of black people living in poverty, selling and using drugs and neglecting their children, Barry Jenkins' Moonlight might be accused of trafficking in racial stereotypes. What refutes this spurious accusation, however, is the film's ability to create intimacy, compassion, and understanding of its characters as human beings caught in a system that degrades them and strips them of their humanity. Adapted from Tarell Alvin McCraney's play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue, the film focuses on three chapters in the life of Chiron, a gay, black boy living in near poverty in Miami in the 1980s. In the first section, Chiron (Alex R. Hibbert), known as Little because of his diminutive stature, is singled out for being different and bullied by those at school who are caught up in the herd mentality.He rarely speaks, hiding his feelings from those around him, even from his mother Paula (Naomie Harris) who is a drug addict. Jenkins talks about Chiron's silence in this way. "The way I grew up," he said, "I was kind of a quiet kid. I ended up watching people a lot, more than interacting, in a certain way. And I think you can learn a lot more about people when they're not speaking than you can when they're speaking. People say, "Oh, you can learn more by actions than statements." But I do think that when people are in repose, you really see beneath the surface." The film's use of an eclectic soundtrack, however, which includes music by Aretha Franklin, Boris Gardiner, Jidenna, Barbara Lewis, and others, often expresses the conflicting emotions that Chiron is unable to put into words.The film is focused on two key relationships in Chiron's life, that with his mother and with his only friend Kevin and opens as Little, being chased by bullies, hides in an unlocked apartment. There he is discovered huddling in a corner by Juan (Mahershala Ali), a local drug dealer who, together with his girl friend Teresa, (Janelle Monáe) becomes the boy's mentor, giving him food, shelter, and a place of refuge. In a scene of warmth and beauty, Juan teaches the boy how to swim and, in another deeply moving moment, when Chiron asks him, "What's a faggot?" Juan's response that it is "a word used to make gay people feel bad," seems to resonate on Chiron's face.Their relationship continues to grow but sadly, after Chiron has learned to trust him, he finds out that his mother Paula takes drugs and that Juan is her supplier and he disappears from the boy's life. In the second section, Chiron, now played by Ashton Sanders, is a high school student who confronts his sexuality in a sensitively handled scene in which he and his friend Kevin (Jharrel Jerome) sit beside each other on a beach as the deeper aspect of their relationship is revealed. Unfortunately, it is only shortly afterwards that this friendship is betrayed at the instigation of a conscienceless bully. In the final section, however, It is Chiron (Trevante Roades) and Kevin's (André Holland) renewal of their connection after ten years that allows us to get beyond the now burly, muscular Chiron's macho posturing and find an entrance into the heart of both characters.In the scene which partially takes place in the coffee shop where Kevin works as a cook, Chiron, who runs a drug ring in Atlanta tries to hide behind his masculinity but his act is betrayed by the revealing softness of his gaze. Though the film's focus is on the life of one black individual, it is not a character study (its main character has few defining characteristics other than sullenness and repressed emotion). Neither is it a film of social protest, a gay love story, or a film with a political message, though it contains elements of each.Moonlight transcends race, gender, and sexuality to become a universal statement, a tone poem that resensitizes us to a renewed understanding that we are people of compassion and empathy, elements that are in danger of becoming obsolete in a culture that values selfishness and greed. Author Charles Eisenstein said, "Dehumanizing narratives are never the truth. The truth can only be sourced from the sincere question, "What is it like to be you?" That is called compassion, and it invites skills of listening, dialog, and communicating without violence or judgment." This is the kind of inspiration that Moonlight provides.

I had my doubts before viewing this movie and it turned out i was right! This is a terribly boring, slow paced, bad written and poorly directed movie. I forced myself to stay and watch it until the end because after all it got an Oscar for best movie 2017!? . . so i sat it through until the unbelievable end-sequence. . what a waste! I also can't believe people are actually giving this trash of a movie good reviews . . and THAT IT GOT AN Oscar! No, really everything you read about this movie is a lie: it's not a masterpiece, it will not "open your eyes" or anything like that! I even doubt if the people who wrote this crap actually SAW the movie! Chiron is black and gay. OK . . so? He got bullied at school. OK . . and? He is frustrated, feels not understood and is - unbelievably! - shy about sex. So . . ? Thousands of young boys may have experienced those feelings and circumstances and yet made friends and did something with their lives and explored their sexuality. . Chiron doesn't . . he flees and hides and suffers and moans . . sigh! This film isn't even close to being worthy of an Oscar; well i guess it simply won the Oscar for best film due to outside pressure from groups complaining that Hollywood is racist. AVOID THIS GARBAGE!

Remember the movie Boyhood? The one that took twelve years to make and followed a child from Texas from childhood through his first college year? I certainly did and it was even my favorite movie of 2013. I felt that it followed childhood in an honest method that was very entertaining and had a lot of rewatch value. Whenever I brought this up with people, a lot of them told me that they didn't like the movie as it didn't speak to them. At first, I felt their opinion was simply over the movie and that their frustrations were not justified. After I saw Moonlight, it got me to rethink my perception on those people.I realized that while I felt Boyhood was personal, it doesn't speak for a lot of people who grew up differently. Some children have even harder lives given their circumstance. While I cannot reflect honestly, there are a lot of unfortunate people that have to see the world in a darker fashion. What I might have seen are Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and supporting adults, may only be seen as privilege to those that only see criminals and drug use. Moonlight shows a different kind of childhood. Sort of like Boyhood, Moonlight follows our main character through different stages of life. In the first part, young Chiron is nicknamed "Little" for his small size and quiet personality is the target of bullies who see him as an easy target. He hides in an abandoned motel where he's later found by crack dealer Juan (played by Mahershala Ali). The man takes the young boy to his house where his girlfriend Teresa (played by Janelle Monáe) lives. They feed him dinner and let him spend the night. These kind gestures get Chiron to open up to them. Juan returns him to his home where his emotionally abusive mother Paula (played by Naomie Harris) scolds her son for not coming home after school.It seems that the only other personal that Chiron can open up to is his friend Kevin who remains his best friend through high school. The rest of the movie shows his world as his mother descends further into crack addition and his neighborhood becoming tougher. In the next two segments, one being him in high school and the last of him being a young adult, Chiron starts to discover something about himself that he's scared to talk about.I don't want to give too much away as what makes Moonlight unique is its portrayal of the African American community. Not that I haven't seen it before, but the direction understands that with the direction that it went, very few movie have courage to talk about it in the open. What is it exactly? I honestly can't say or I'd spoil it. Like Boyhood, it's smart with it's decision to let the side characters have more personality until our main character gets older. All three actors that play Chiron (Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders, and Trevante Rhodes) are phenomenal in their segments. Each of them capture a unique kind of evolution that is often played too over-the-top in sitcoms.In fact, I'd go as far to say that all the acting in this is great. I'm serious when I say that this is an amazing ensemble cast where everyone is perfect. Though it's hard to pick, I'd say that my favorite came from Mahershala Ali who is the closest thing to a father that the main character has. I can understand why Moonlight is at the top of a lot of best movies of 2016 lists.I'll give this nine Miami sunsets out of ten. Though this is really hard movie to watch, I think everyone should watch this at least one. Moonlight is a little movie with large ideas. I'd say give it a watch if you want something that's more engaging then entertaining.

Waste of two hours of my life . No story, no ending , only two gay who want to f**k and take them 2 hours to do it .I have no idea how this movie could win anything. I guess those who voted it for Oscar were gay .Just go watch some Disney movies, they are better.

This is a very dark portrait of black America which has no redeeming qualities. All of the main characters in the movie are either drug dealers, hopelessly addicted junkies or violent bullies Don't see it unless you have a wish to see people at their worst with little hope of redemption. How the Oscar people rated it as best picture is beyond me!

This is quite a surprising movie on many levels. Coming to it cold, I knew very little about what it was about, deliberately, as so many reviewers give too much away these days. Boys and the Hood this ain't. Yet the setting is the same. That's what jars initially, because this isn't about the G's and the straps and hoes and the pimps, it's about a little boy who is struggling to find his place in the world.Some of it, for me, made for slightly painful viewing, more from personal experience than through the performed sadism or bullying. The three acts flow gently through their parts, although the second finishes with something of a crash. We do, however, see two black boys kiss and love it or hate it, it's been going on for thousands of years, so some of the rather more hysterical commentators on IMDb might want to check themselves slightly.It's well made, well acted and it holds your attention solidly. However, the third act does sag a bit, the contrition with mom did jar a bit, and out of two sexual scenes, one involved a heterosexual couple which was a bit bizarre to me. These are minor quibbles overall though, in general I thought this was a really solid movie and well worth watching. We had the added treat of the projectionist playing 5 seconds of La La Land at the start of the show, well played the Rio in Dalston.

In an exigent movement to redress the prevailing "Oscar so white" controversy in past years, indie filmmaker Barry Jenkins' second feature MOONLIGHT, a Bildungsroman about a black gay boy growing up in Miami, has received unanimous adulation from the critics since the onset of this awards season, as the apotheosis of American cinema in 2016, after Nate Parker's Sundance hit THE BIRTH OF A NATION (2016) being damningly scuttled by the re-surface of the director/star's erstwhile involvement of a rape charge. Cropping up in the right time with a quirk of good fortune, MOONLIGHT becomes the "chosen one", the go-to recipient of all the laurels and attention with both guilt-ridden and progressive voters alike, as a result, it is heaped with 8 Oscar nominations and it will not go home empty- handedly, but its chance to dethrone LA LA LAND (2016) for the top honor has been on the wane, mostly because of Theodore Melfi's HIDDEN FIGURES (2016), a late-comer, but massively successful in the box office front, headlined by a triad of black actresses, will inevitably split the votes and even supersede MOONLIGHT as everyone's favourite atonement pick (as SAG awards manifest). As if knowingly constructing its story as a black-version of Richard Linklater's all-white BOYHOOD (2014), MOONLIGHT doesn't have its luxury to capture the real sense of time-passing, but opts for a trichotomous strategy by casting three different actors to play our leading character Chiron from a small child (Hibbert), to a high-schooler (Sanders), and finally an adult (Rhodes). Ghettoized in an exclusively dark-skinned milieu where school bullies, drug dealers are his daily-to-daily encounters, plus a perennially drug-addled mother (Harris) hovering at home, Chiron's formative influences encompass his parents surrogate: the avuncular cracker pusher Juan (Ali) and his sensible girlfriend Teresa (Monáe) and his best friend Kevin (correspondently played by three different actors: Piner, Jerome and Holland), who will later engender his sexual awakening. Jenkins doesn't put any of these controversial issues under the spotlight, not his sexuality, not his race, and Chiron and his bullies have the same skin color, let alone allowing any subplots from the subservient characters, Juan, as much as a pivotal figure in Chiron's life, who simply disappears after the first chapter, and his premature demise would only be passingly referred in the next chapter; so is Kevin, much of his backstory vanishes into void. Ali and Harris are bestowed with career-boosting Oscar-nominations, yet in my book, as charmingly affirming as Juan is, the former remains only the second best among its male cast (after Hibbert, an enthralling discovery for his searing intensity in his almost wordless incarnation), and the latter is benefited from a showier character arc, Harris compellingly proves that she is a force to be reckoned with in her unflinching effort to bring honesty to her repugnant screen avatar in all three stages of Chiron's life. Jenkin has a particularly keen eye to transmit an aesthetic palette against the quotidian surroundings and a slithering camera-work doesn't hurt either, which render an artistically beguiling flair to elicit a transcendent atmosphere (blue is indeed the warmest color) around the film's unerring subject, Chiron and Chiron only, whose most salient attribute is his taciturnity, depicted with disparaging impact - the youngster Hibbert's fixated glance is soul-stirring, whereas a rangy Sanders and a beefy Rhodes gear it up to gnawing distress and a charade of social impediment respectively, which precipitates a natural barrier between him and the audience since most of the time, we are dangled to outguess his much internalized emotional morass, but the outcome often leans towards a frustrating side, there is not much zest in him to keep us hooked although it is a frank tack to portray him like that, one must do love human race to really and deeply care about a character like Chiron, that's one of the reasons why the film has become a word-of-mouth favourite apart from its obvious political correctness, no one wants to be labelled as a misanthrope, still, hyping it up as "the" best American film of the year can only hurt its cachet, someone must dare to be the devil's advocate and say it out loud!

Growing up is hard. You're finding out who you are as a person while also juggling friends, family, school work, potential jobs and opportunities, as well as all the pressure and stress that comes with that. Now allow me to introduce Chiron, a homosexual African American boy who grows up and then some. Moonlight tells the story of Chiron's coming of age at three crucial moments in his adolescence. The film is directed by Barry Jenkins and stars Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris and stands as the most diverse film at this years academy awards.The acting as a whole can be summed up as short but sweet. Due to three different actors playing Chiron, there is no lead actor, and so the film is filled with supporting actors and actress' who get a maximum of about 30 minutes screen time. That being said, every actor makes every second of those 30 minutes or less count. It's a beautifully acted film with stand out performances from Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris and all three actors who portray Chiron (Alex Hibbert as Little, Ashton Sanders as Chiron and Trevante Rhodes as Black). It's a film with an emotional impact that wouldn't have worked, if it wasn't for the films outstanding cast.The film is broken up into three parts. Little, Chiron and Black. Each one focusing on an important moment of Chiron's coming of age. The three parts work well as a short film, coming of age trilogy put together to make one film. The individual parts are all well written and directed focusing on the main struggles Chiron grows up with; his abusive drug addict of a mother, his sexuality, bullying, and overall everything that comes with growing up. It's a heartbreaking and hard hitting tale that we can relate to, but also fortunately for some of us, we cannot even imagine.Barry Jenkins wrote and directed this film very well, but there is one choice he made that didn't work for me. The decade long jumps between acts did not work for me. I felt these jumps detached me from the narrative and the character. The jumps would always occur when I was most engaged in the current act. We find out what happened in the last decade instead through passing references in the following act of the film. This minor aspect emotionally detached me from the film, so although I could see how emotional the film was, I couldn't feel that emotion which is a real shame. But again this is my own personal view.Moonlight is an emotional tale about the struggles of growing up in a ruthless environment and persevering through it. It's a heartfelt, heat breaking and heartwarming film that I wish I had physically felt rather than mentally acknowledge. Nonetheless, it's a beautifully written, directed (for the most part) and acted film. Here's to diversity.

possible spoiler alert SOOOOOOOOO disappointed in this movie. I had my mother over to watch this silly movie that won numerous awards for some odd reason. THE HELP, great movie, THE COLOR PURPLE, great movie. This piece of Hollywood garbage is not a good movie. I did not understand the plot, all the stupidity in the movie. I don't want to give anything away in case you decide to waste a couple of hours of your life on this crap movie but be warned it is a stupid movie

I very rarely like best film nominees, and this is a prime example of why. In the wake of the "whitewashed" Oscars mess, the academy appears to be making a conscious effort to change its image. That's fine. More power to them. I only wish they had chosen a better film as the poster child for their reinvention, because, truth be told, there is very little to be praised about this film. In all honesty, there is very little about this film to be praised, save the "groundbreaking" use of a gay black man in the lead role. The problem, however, is that this is just the latest in a long line of Oscar nominees that were nothing more than a political statement. The Oscars are too white, so we'all nominate a film starring a black man, but since everyone seems to have forgotten that the winner just last year was a story about a slave, we'll make this new one gay too. Honestly, there is nothing special about this film. It may be well made, but the plot, the acting, and everything worth noting in a film is average at best. The sad thing is, I don't think I'm alone in this opinion. But because the academy has decided that it's job is to decide which films are the best social or political commentary and not which ones are the most enjoyable or most well made, we end up with this sub-par political statement as our reigning Oscars champion. Hopefully next year, the academy will realize what their job actually is in all of this and pick a movie that people actually enjoy. But probably not.

Like many of the top-rated comments here, I did not know anything about this film going in other than it won a billion awards and every critic loved it. It's an incredibly average coming-of-age film. Every part of it is cliché. I can only imagine that the reason it was nominated for everything is as a counterbalance to the Oscars-so-white problem last year, and for the two extremely brief (and completely inconsequential to the film) clips related to the main character's homosexuality. Seriously, it's about 45 seconds of the entire film, if you cut just those 45 seconds there would be nothing alluding to homosexuality in the entire film. If you cut those 45 seconds, I can only imagine it would have lost a tremendous amount of critics' supports, even though they're otherwise utterly irrelevant to the film's story. I guess professional critics have to worry about being branded as homophobic racists.The casting for the main character in the third act was also jarring. Both of us spent the first 10 minutes of the last third unsure if the main character was the same guy we had been following the whole film, or someone else that was randomly thrown in. If they can bring the actor who played Grand Moff Tarkin back to life for the new Star Wars film, they could have done a much better job making Chiron resemble himself consistently across all three acts (the child and teenage actors look quite similar).If you absolutely love coming of age dramas with utterly awkward and undeveloped protagonists, then you'll like this film. If you expected it to be special or unique, then ... watch something else.Ali was good in it, easily the highlight of the film. Too bad he's only in the first third. He's the only character with any dialogue or character. Seriously there is almost no development of the main character the entire film. He starts and ends an awkward, un-relatable kid who can't utter more than two words a minute.

This is more like a 7.5 to me, but since I have to round up or down, I'm rounding down. I was disappointed in the story, but I have to say the cinematography and the acting were excellent.I was confused by the bulked-up appearance and overall look of grown Chiron ("Black")--I asked myself, "What, is Juan still alive after all?" I thought Trevante Rhodes did a good job--his look just did not work for me in the context of the other two actors. (However, on a shallow note, may I say that Trevante Rhodes looked MIGHTY FINE posed on the bed with just the sheet...)I'd heard this was based on Tarell McCraney's life, and so I was expecting a more inspiring ending, with Chiron making his way out of the drug trade and into school. Instead, the movie is just one long struggle, leaving us wondering dubiously "Where does he go from here?"It's not a movie I would watch again. But I do think the story Barry Jenkins envisioned was well told.

Please help me I must be stupid. This film has had amazing reviews and won at the Oscars. How? There is no plot, you cant hear what they are saying, which to be fair didn't make any difference as there was no plot.. The camera work was nauseous. Right at the start of the film the camera is going round and round the two actors, made me feel sick, then the camera is on the little boys shoulder as he runs, just awful. But it also gets an award for best cinematography. The acting was brilliant. Oscar worthy, not on your life.

'Moonlight' is illuminatingMoonlight is a self contained story about the life of a young man as he grows up in Miami, Florida. He has many of the problems we see in other films about boys and girls growing up, but it is not a coming of age story in the traditional sense. The main character goes by various names in the film: Little, Black and his given name, Chiron. He's little compared to his contemporaries, and he is bullied for his quiet demeanor. The transitions from Little to Black to Chiron work well. The film expresses genuine emotion through the main character's struggles. The film touches on the themes of living poor, being black and being gay, but it is above all a character study about Chiron who happens to grow up gay, poor and black. No grand statements are made about identities, just about him. I can't think of anything that comes across and phony. The transition between the three actors that play Chiron is also pretty good. I am not sure they all look alike but the writing makes the transition so well that we don't care. We know it's him. Singer Janelle Monáe as Teresa goes a good job as a family friend and Naomie Harris as Chiron's mother is able to demonstrate much, if not all, of the complexity of the character. Mahershala Ali from House of Cards fame is both charming and dangerous as a man caught up with few choices who mentors "Little" in what it means to be a man. Rating: Pay full price. While not perfect, it is authentic and emotionally appealing with come great acting and a good script. That's more than we can say about most films this year. Peace, Tex Shelters

The first thing that really strikes you about Moonlight is it's all so painfully personal. Perhaps it's the way our earthy, understated and un-glamorous characters are portrayed. Perhaps it's the work of director Barry Jenkins who thrusts us into the story with expressionistic tones and flourishes. Perhaps it's the way our protagonist's near catatonic state forces us to truly drink in his surroundings. I cannot attest if those who have never been to southern Florida will feel the same way, but for me I could actually smell the lightly perfumed ocean breeze and actually felt the sticky humidity that permeated every frame of this film. I felt it all.Moonlight is equally divided into three distinct episodes though given it's intimacy they might as well be called movements. The first, entitled "Little" concerns the tortured existence of a 9- year-old boy (Hibbert) living in a rough neighborhood in Miami, Florida. He's bullied by his peers and emotionally abused by his mother Paula (Harris) who throughout the film slowly sinks into ruin with the help of crack cocaine. It is at this point in his life Little is introduced to Liberty City's preeminent drug dealer Juan (Ali) whom he first asks a defining question, "am I a f****t?""At some point you've got to decide for yourself who you gonna be. And let nobody make that decision." - Juan's words sit in the air throughout each movement like a cloud of mosquitoes over dense swamp. As time wears on Little becomes the invisible Chiron (Sanders) then the hard, drug-dealing Black (Rhodes), whose identity and sexual orientation is constantly being defined by the world around him. He speaks very little, choosing instead to silently judge as his mother morphs into a junkie and quietly rages as bullies abuse him. Eventually, after years of turmoil and paths taken in anger, Black finds his defining moments, pursuing and being pursued by schoolmate Kevin (Piner, Jerome and Holland).There is so much to love about Moonlight including the way in which Barry Jenkins lovingly approaches both his themes and his subjects. Through effective use of color and the ever present sheen of the easterly sun and moon, the film glistens with entrancing beauty. There are echos of Terrence Malick and Lynne Ramsay in Moonlight with every extreme closeup a provocation to feel and absorb.Each of our three actors does a tremendous job playing our protagonist with the same raw grace that defines and serves the visual mis en scene of the film. In-between each movement there is a sense that time has past. Things have happened but it is on the audience to infer what, through what is said, and more importantly by what is not. Moments of deep contemplation are not just airless voids but rather miniature mysteries all struggling to answer the central question; who is Chiron?It is at this point the narrative stumbles slightly under the weight of its own socio-economic and political messaging. There are times when Chiron, with his 30-yard stare and ramshackle poverty, is impressed upon to be an empty vessel. The assumed hope is so his tale can be more superficially ubiquitous to the black, gay experience which by this point has only been calcified in film by Pariah (2011). But while Moonlight's larger social themes are enough to label it required viewing, one can't help but think its gambit for universality is a lost opportunity to make the film truly life- changing.Still for every edge to appeal to all, there are half a dozen parts to the story that are glowingly and lovingly singular. Late in the film there is a reunion between Chiron and Kevin whose slow emotional simmer resembles a delicate dance laden with machismo and sweetness. Additionally the customs, attitudes and unique verbal drawl are enough to settle the film's audience into a certain place in time.Moonlight is ultimately a sad but life-affirming film that's not only an important watch but a darn good one. There is a paralyzing, fascinating, beautiful truth to this film. One in which every audience member regardless of race or sexual orientation can walk out of the theater aware of.

Decide for yourself who you are, or others make the decision for you. Moonlight showcases three stages of a young man's life and his struggles to counter the toxic masculinity that pervades the Liberty City neighborhood of Miami. Wounds inflicted by classmates as well as by his mother, are not nearly as harmful as those he causes for himself. Feelings of worthlessness and shame are aggravated by a solitary nature, predilection for silence and denial of intimacy. Still, there is hope that others who are generous, patient and kind, will show him a better way to live. There is light that illuminates and uplifts, other than that from the sun.This atmospheric, sensual and luminous film gives strength to those who wish to live authentic lives and who grapple with identity in the face of adversity. The writer, who is from Miami, appeared after the showing to discuss the "events that made me the man I was." He claims, rightfully, that a story "has to touch you in order for it to touch other people." So he made the story personal and real. It is well that he did so, for the film resonates deeply with our hearts. The film's beautiful cinematography is up close and personal too, the frames bring us close to the characters and their experiences. A sizzling soundtrack includes Brazilian crooner Caetano Veloso. I love that the main character finds refuge in the ocean. So do I.

One of the worst movies I've ever seen. I gave a 2 and not a 1 because the first 10 minutes the movie got my attention. It could have been a good movie but I think the director had no idea what to do and the scenario was absent.We watched the movie 4 friends together, each one with different tastes on movies. None of us liked it!

I watched this movie till two thirds of the way through, based on it's IMDb 8 rating. The storytelling becomes very unlikely when one act of violence is brushed off, then in the next scene a similar act of violence is dealt with totally different. Weak and implausible. It either displays a fundamental flaw in American society or a weakness in certain audiences to differentiate between fiction and fantasy.

I started watching Moonlight after the Trump inauguration and the beginning of the movie seemed almost too dark to watch. Maybe I was just in a dark mood. I should have known better.I resumed the next day and was drawn in again. I finally finished the movie (on an industry showing) the third day and was mesmerized. Yeah, I know it's best to watch movies in a single sitting but this was such a finely crafted film that it mattered little. The moments, the deft direction and camera-work are something that film students will be studying for some time methinks. You can see the script, subtext in every actor's eye. This is filmmaking of the highest level. The direction was superb, the script deft with not a word too many. And the actors - the cast was astonishing. There is so much talent, so much depth in this superb cast - what an incredible ensemble. What an incredible movie.

Based on the play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue by Tarell Alvin McCraney, 'Moonlight', Written and Directed by Barry Jenkins, is a film, that uses Cinema as a Weapon to deliver a strong & timely message to its viewer. And this dramatic film, not only pushes Cinema to its supreme, but comes across as equally as important. Jenkins, tackles a subject so disturbing & real, you'd have to be inhuman to not to feel for its characters. Its a Taut & Vivid film, that demands our attention.'Moonlight' is A timeless story of human self-discovery and connection, 'Moonlight' chronicles the life of a young black man from childhood to adulthood as he struggles to find his place in the world while growing up in a rough neighborhood of Miami.'Moonlight' is about finding your place in the world. You can black, white, a heterosexual or a homosexual, but you need to make that space for yourself, despite all the odds. We watch Chiron, our protagonist, (played by 3 wonderful actors - Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders & Trevante Rhodes, in different ages) struggle with the unforgiving surroundings & face constant bullying, as well as a reckless mother & a society pressured by masculinity. Jenkins hits you in the gut & asks you ask "why hate, when you always have the option to love? And why is one over judged for being who him/her maybe? Jenkins chooses a theme so timely & disturbing, I found myself emotionally exhausted by the time the protagonist grows up & comes to terms with his life. This is a highly dramatic film, about the odds one has to face. Jenkins' Adapted Screenplay is strong. The Writing explores the journey of a troubled individual with feeling & the relentlessness of life. Jenkins' Direction, on the other-hand, is terrific. He has handled this important & staggeringly sad story, with rare command. Jenkins has certainly topped himself here & 'Moonlight' is a film that will be remembered for a long time. Oscar Chase is sure to happen next month.James Laxton's Cinematography captures the complexity of the atmosphere, fabulously. Joi McMillon & Nat Sanders's Editing is well-done. Nicholas Britell's Score is fantastic. Art & Costume Design are perfect.Performance-Wise: Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders & Trevante Rhodes bring Chiron to life. All the 3 actors, are top-notch! But the film belongs to Mahershala Ali. Despite limited screen-time, Ali is monumental in his portrayal of a man who does bad to the society & yet finds his humanity to help a boy. The Academy better do him proud. Naomie Harris is very effective as the reckless & drug-addicted mother. Janelle Monáe is wonderful in a brief role. André Holland is natural to the core. On the whole, 'Moonlight' is not to be missed. Its an important film, that's been told magnificently. Two Thumbs Up!

"Moonlight" is an exceptional drama, and the most refreshingly honest film I've seen in awhile. In a season when awards-friendly films tend to be polished and sanitized to appeal to older white audiences, here is a haunting and lyrical film which looks deeply into the moral complexities of its characters, and finds there both poetry and heartache."Moonlight" could loosely be described as a coming-of-age tale, but it's also somewhat of an odyssey. It introduces us to Chiron (pronounced shy-rOHne), a sensitive 12-year-old black boy, who's growing up in a sun-drenched ghetto in Miami, Florida. Chiron is a quiet, reserved kind of kid, with big sad eyes. When we first meet him, he's taking shelter from a group of neighborhood bullies in an abandoned apartment. A man happens to witness the commotion from across the street. He investigates, and although the boy won't talk, the two form a tenuous friendship. This man is Juan. Juan and his girlfriend, Theresa, become like a second family to Chiron, offering him support and stability whenever Chiron's crack-addicted mom either disappears or goes on a bender.There is a deep irony here, however, because Juan is the neighborhood supplier that Chiron's mom is indirectly buying from. There's moral complexity as well; it's because of his work in the drug-trade that Juan is able to afford the kind of comfortable lifestyle that makes a semblance of stability available to Chiron.I found myself pondering some thorny questions, like: What impression might it make on a boy if the only real glimpse of domestic stability he gets comes from the household of a drug- dealer? And to what extent are Juan's feelings for the boy genuine, and to what extent are they motivated by guilt? And does it even matter? Is anyone ever truly selfless?The film is broken into three sections, and each section is based around a different time in Chiron's life. The first section finds him at around 12-year-old. The second section finds him at about the age of 16, attending high-school, where a combination of events involving first-love, peer-pressure, and bullying, conspire to bring massive change into Chiron's life. The third section reveals Chiron in his thirties, hardened, having grown into a version of Juan. When he receives an unexpected call from an old friend, memories and romantic tensions disrupt his carefully-molded sense of identity, and he sets out to reconnect with his past.The film looks deeply into each of its characters. Chiron's Cuban-American friend, Kevin, develops into a much richer character than we first take him for, revealing a man who has fought his own battles of identity. Even Chiron's crackhead mom is given fair treatment, depicted as a woman whose disease (of drug-addiction) often obscures both her love for her son, and her ability to provide a home -- in ways she eventually regrets.All in all, it's a film which manages to seem grounded in the stuff of gritty reality, even while being gorgeous, haunting, and deeply poetic. The only fault I could find was that the ending came a bit too abruptly for my taste. I was enjoying the film's concluding scenes so much, I was disappointed that I didn't get to find out what happened next. I really wanted to know more about these characters; I wanted their stories to continue. But you know, perhaps that's not such a criticism after all.

In this film, it uses a lot of silent pauses to tell us some deafening truths, to reveal things we otherwise couldn't hear with speech In three "Acts" we learn about Chiron, who speaks very little and his first line is "What's a faggot?" He is a shy boy being chased by a band of boys from his school when Juan, a local dealer takes him under his wing As a teenager, he continues to have a connection with Juan and his girlfriend Teresa, played so well and ably by Jenelle Monae (sp?) and still, silence speaks to us in moments where we think we know what's going on Third Act is an interesting one as it doesn't unfold the way we normally see movies like these unfold, and it's a great thing. We've seen it end one way and one way only, but in its reality, we see it more of a beginning.I enjoyed this film and hope to see more from the writer and director. It is a powerful film that only gives us the glimpse of real life without being ham handed and overly zealous. It is not pretentious, it knows what it is and keeps true to home. For that, I give Moonlight a 10.

One of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. I felt this movie's themes transcended race, class, gender and sexual orientation. The will to survive all obstacles and the need to love and be loved, to be touched, is a human story told so affectingly here against a sun drenched tropical landscape with an ocean view. The use of water as a metaphor for human growth or the soul, the unbearable isolation of young Chiron who wears his backpack like Atlas bearing the weight of the world, the visual and audio perceptions from the point of view of a child, an adolescent and a young man and the emotional truths so tellingly displayed thru-out this entire film make this one of the most deeply felt films I have seen. I felt like crying afterwards and nobody died.

I'll admit it, going in to see the film, I had a preconceived notion that this film was simply going to fetish-ize gay, black love, make it sexy and beautiful as added arsenal to the liberal agenda. Well, it did all that, plus a whole lot more.Moonlight tells the universal story of a young man trying to find his place in the world. This particular young man had a few extra hurdles to face growing up which I can relate to, and can tell from some of the other reviewers that they did not; they were blessed enough to grow up in a safe, supportive environment and just do not get this movie and never will.The story is gritty in its realness of hostile school environments and the devastating effect of drugs on the ability of adults to nurture and guide their children. Yet the story is also beautiful, in it's characters' relationships - it tells the truth about the unique "blended" families in the black community, where it's not just about blood, but also who looks out for you in this cold, cold world.People are knocking the third act but it was my favorite. About 10 minutes into the diner scene, I realize we're still there, and there's no rush to leave and I admire that realistic view for once. It's rare that films will linger in such a manner, bringing you into the scene and having it encompass you like you are there, nice and slow, to be enjoyed like a multi-course, fine dining meal. Instead we are often "treated" to fast food movies, jumping from one scene to the next, just staying in one scene long enough to move the plot line along, as if in a race. If there is a race, Moonlight is the tortoise against all the other hares and wins the race.Some may call this movie a chick flick for gay men, but I think this film is an intimate, 20-page love letter to anyone living with self-doubt, pain, uncertainty, and the fear of being themselves. It is truly a gem.

Since my last critical no-nonsense in-depth analysis written as objectively, adjective-lacking and non-offensively as possible - has been deleted because of abuse (lol what?) this one will be nothing but praise words that the movie doesn't deserve. Moonlight is the best movie ever made.The characters are very good and the acting is out of this planet. It is amazing, superb, fantastic, life-changing, thought-provoking and everything movie industry needs. It changed my life and my mind and I am now questioning my sexuality and considering investing in self-tanning lotions as I write this. Last Oscars were racist and I started life-long boycott on them, but This movie proved that Hollywood is for the people I have not had such an amazingly beautiful experience in cinema in my whole life. Fantastic. Beautiful. China. I went to watch this movie with my fellow redditors 7 times. Best rewatching value any movie has ever had in the history of mankind.I recommend this movie for everyone because it is amazing and it will make you love and understand.

At the beginning off the film the camera work is truly appalling, although it does get better as the film progresses. Perhaps my expectations were a little low to start with given the subject matter and the fact that it wasn't my choice, but that of a girlfriend. Although the cinematography is appalling, it starts fairly well, but there is a fairly huge jump in the timeline that doesn't help.I won't bother you with the plot line l but would say that at 1hour and 50 minutes long it isn't a worthwhile use of your time.This is, however, only one mans opinion and your time is yours to waste as you please.

This movie looks like well made low budget indie film Story is unique and actors were mostly great. But, when Chiron, a skinny weak and bullied kid came back from prison 10 years later, he became a thick muscly drug lord in Atlanta. And the actor who looks like 50 Cent the rapper didn't look like younger Chiron at all. It was so not believable that I lost interest in the story at that point. I don't understand Academy's choice to award Moonlight over La La Land. I think this movie scored extra points for being "black" "gay" movie which white liberal members of Academy felt compelled to give it to this because of those aspects over more grand scale Hollywood classic La La Land. I understand that some people relates to Moonlight and can't stand movie like La La Land, but Oscar became "just an award show" for me.

I personally think this film is getting the praise it does because of the subject matter. I think it's a really good movie, but not something that is mind-blowing or amazing. When it comes to the acting and the character development is solid. I thought the actors that played the character Chiron all put a lot into this role. Everything, when it comes to the characters to the interactions all seemed very believable. All 3 actors put on amazing performances as a character that is withdrawn and sensitive. Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Janelle Monáe and André Holland are all fantastic in this as these. What hit me the most was how it showed how very sensitive people are treated in a insensitive world. And how having sympathy and empathy for others can be tough when it comes to being in a harsh environments like the hood. Despite the film taking place in the hood, it has orchestral scores instead of gangster rap music which fits when it comes to the context of the story. It's a coming of age movie of how the environment and relationships can have an affect on someone. How struggles and obstacles can shape people and how sometimes people try to hide their sensitivity in order to survive. Overall this is a harsh and yet heartfelt movie that I don't regret seeing.8/10

Three-act movie tells the story of a young gay boy/teen/man. First two acts are gritty realistic depictions of sexual confusion, abuse, bullying and homophobic violence with surprising comfort and refuge coming from unlikely characters. Third act shifts into some kind of 'Now Voyager' gear with the main character's transformation into a super hot drug kingpin with a gay heart of gold. I admit I'm no expert on the lives of down low African American thugs, but the idea that this smokin hot brother spent ten years denying himself sex with men (in the 21st century!) until his true love came back into his life was a bit much. At least the unlikely cowboy lovers in BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN actually had a months-long sexual relationship. This guy waits ten years for the guy he masturbated with once on a beach. The whole thing ends up more like a romance novel (without a kiss or a final sex scene) than one would expect from the excellent realistic first two acts.

I wanted to like this movie, I really did. But it was unwatchable. Not because of the content (which is what a lot of the reviewers seem to have a problem with) but because of the way it was filmed. The camera shakes, jerks, spins, rocks, and bobs, and every single shot is a close-up, causing the background to be a mostly out of focus blur. The end effect, for me at least, was a constant sense of nausea, coupled with headache inducing eyestrain.I had to listen to the movie with my eyes closed because it was so poorly filmed, and that ruined the whole experience for me. If the film had been made with a steadier hand on the camera, I think I might've been able to enjoy it.Hopefully the distributor will consider applying a steadicam post-production filter for the post-theatrical release.

2016 was a very good year for Hollywood, so many great films like La La Land, Hidden Figures, Hacksaw Ridge or Lion, just to name a few. Unfortunately, among so many good movies, there was this one, slow, uninteresting, not original in any possible way, a story about nothing.Don't be fooled by Oscar 2017 award for best movie, I can't find any reason this movie won. Even if you can live with the fact a movie Academy used political, social, racial or sexual inclusion criteria other than film making, it's impossible to stop wondering why didn't they go for Hidden Figures instead, as it shares lots of the issues seen in this one, but is so much more interesting and fun, based on true, very relevant facts.Acting and direction is undoubtedly good, but this movie is more a waste of their talent than a tribute.

This movie will break your heart. We start by seeing Chiron as a young boy, largely neglected by his drug-addicted mother, and bulled by other boys at school. He only has one friend at school, Kevin, who seems to be a on-again, off-again friend, and a 20-some drug dealer, who becomes like a father to him.When he's in high school, the bullying gets worse, and Chiron finally strikes back, which lands him in jail. We never find out what happened to the drug dealer from Part One.There he evidently gets into body-building, and comes out a handsome, very muscular young man. What he does for a living I couldn't figure out. Not all the dialogue is comprehensible for those who don't know street slang.He finally gets back together with Kevin, who provides him with about the only tenderness he ever seems to have known.Some reviews say that Chiron is gay. I don't think so. (Not that it really matters, I suppose.) He is a young man desperate for affection, as any human being in his situation would be. He happens to find it with another man.There isn't much dialogue in this movie. Which means that much is conveyed with facial expressions and glances. The actors have to act with their faces, as the great movie actors of old did, and they do a fine job of it. Every i is not dotted, every t is not crossed. But it doesn't matter. You can figure out what's important - a young man finally finding some human warmth in life - and your heart breaks until the very end when you see what his life is like without it.

Moonlight is quite a well made piece of artwork with lots of interesting messages placed throughout it as we see this loner kid grow up and how certain events affect him in a realistic way. Moonlight tells the story of a young black kid who grows up in Miami and tries to live his life, but can't because of the kids who picked on him. He is bullied, his mother is on drugs and there are so many problems going on in this kids life. But what makes life truly hard for him is the fact that the young boy being portrayed here is also gay. This is something that plays out in a very interesting way. It doesn't stereotype this kid for being gay. Even though there are many signs throughout the film it doesn't highlight them and instead highlights the child's life as a struggling youth with his homosexuality simply being a add on to a already bad situation. The film is brutal and tackles really powerful topics, and is probably one of the strongest and most emotionally driven films I have ever seen. Mahershala Ali should undoubtedly get a best supporting actor win out of this, and this film also deserves to win a best screenplay because the dialogue in this film is amazing and captures you when you watch. Maybe not at the level of Birdman or Spotlight, but it gets really close. This is a very well told film and deserves a lot of the love the Award season is giving it.

Moonlight takes a huge risk in crafting and depicting the life of a person too rarely seen in film. The film chronicles the life of a man from childhood to adulthood as he seeks to find his true place in the world. Much can be said about the pure work of art that this film is, but it overall employs the pursuit for a universal standard of love. This socially conscious film plays a very insightful role in the worlds current state of mind and should be recognized for all that it has accomplished. With the brilliant performances from its entire cast, enthralling symmetrical shots that captured every raw emotion, and its beautiful themes, very few people will leave this film untouched.Ali's Rating: A-Favorite Quote: "At some point, you gotta decide for yourself who you're going to be. Can't let nobody make that decision for you." - Juan (Mahershala Ali)

This was simply beautiful story telling. From the first frame I knew that we were in the hands of someone who knew what they were doing. This is the first time I've ever been moved to leave a review for anything. I have so much hope for this director and for the actors in this film. The only issue I have with this film sadly isn't with the film at all but with the fact that I'm sure there are plenty of other beautiful scripts out there featuring people of colour, African Americans specifically, that don't get greenlit because they aren't about a young child trying to survive in the mean streets of whatever city they happen to be in. You could argue that that's more politics than art but I'd say you can't really separate the two.

MOONLIGHT is a beautifully written, superbly acted and confidently directed film about the steps and missteps taken in life by its lead character, Chiron. The pressures on him from without and from within are vividly, viscerally portrayed. My only quibble is with some of its cinematography, which draws attention to itself from time to time, muddying what the otherwise sensible and sensitive concentration on the cast.Alex R. Hibbert, Ashton Sanders and Trevante Rhodes share the leading role of Chiron, each playing him at different stages of his life. They are paralleled by Jaden Piner, Jharrel Jerome and André Holland as Ciron's school-friend Kevin. All six give fine performances. They are supported by Naomie Harris who finally gets to show what she can do after years of genre dross; and by Mahershala Ali, who presides over the first section of the film as a hard-nut hard-drug seller who, in a terrific scene, has to reveal the toll it has taken on him.It is very heartening to see a film like this coming out of America right now. Kudos to writer-director Barry Jenkins for giving these characters such powerful and proper focus. Although Chiron's is a melancholy story, it is told with compassion, and understanding of our common humanity.

I have just watched this film after it won the Oscars ,well the highlight of my evening was pausing the film to go out and get a quarter pounder,fries and a milk shake to eat while i watched the last 30 minutes. The film had one speed ,dead slow ,the sound was so bad i could not tell what was been said. The first part with the young boy and his mother was interesting and well acted,but should have picked up pace.I can only think because of the pressure to give films with black actors more awards that's why it won a Oscar, it should not have been nominated. maybe it was a mistake to have been . The film critics always give good reviews for films a lot of us end up not liking maybe they get back handers (payments). I am getting fed up of actors speeches praising men and women of colour ,or brown actors ,,does Leonardo Di Capro say ,,"i would like to thank the men and women of white for this award...its getting too much ..If you want to see a good film that will keep you watching all the time see Hell or high water or Deep water horizon ,

I'm afraid I could not connect with this film in anyway. Whether it was the actors mumbling and difficult to understand or that there was very little happening (or both)that made it the worst experience I have had a cinema in a long time. Apparently, it was some pretentious offering which ticked all the boxes for the Academy which was suffering from guilt from the allegations of the all white Oscars the previous year. I cannot think of any other reason why it got Best Picture. Looking at the other ratings it is obviously a film that divided audiences. The Academy did not find a way to honor a film like Lion with any wins but gave this film the major award is mind boggling.

The world is upside down! It is not normal to promote such ideas. That is Oscar gay!!!! Stupid people with no imagination. More specifically, Americans tired of life. It does not have anything interesting in this film, is dull and devoid of emotion for a normal person. Unfortunately it is not the first time (Brokeback Mountain). Rubbish like this happens and increasingly often.

Moonlight is a beautiful story about finding one's own identity in a world that seems to tell you who you have to be. It is also a story about family and how there can people in our lives that help us to grow and learn even if they are not blood related. The film is told through three defining identities of Chiron's life: Little, Chiron, and Black. These chapters show the struggle Chiron faces dealing with bullies and a crack addicted mother who neglects him. There are also glimpses into his sexuality and how hard it is to come to terms with it. Each of the actors who play Chiron, portray him differently yet there is cohesion between them, each help us relate to them and see them as one singular entity. Moonlight is a fantastic film highlighting the intersection of race, gender, and sexuality. This story is a must see! Truly beautiful and something you don't see every day.

"Who is you" is the repeated refrain of Moonlight, the story of Miami-born Chiron told in three chapters corresponding to three ages (grade school, high school, and mid-20s). The answer is complicated. Chiron is shy. Chiron is black. Chiron is poor. Chiron is the son of an neglectful mother and absent father. Chiron is the target of bullies. Chiron is coming to grips with his homosexuality. Chiron seems to be a laundry list of melodrama and angst, but it's to Moonlight's great credit that it never loses sight of the fact that Chiron is Chiron. Moonlight is, more than anything else, a emotionally resonant and empathetic character study. The fact that is has beautiful cinematography, a tremendous score and soundtrack, and shines a light on a traditionally ignored segment of the population is all gravy.Each chapter is titled for a moniker of the main character (Little, Chiron, and Black, respectively), and grapples with his self- identity. The three chapters can be roughly broken down into three epiphanies: understanding your world, understanding your self, and understanding how to accept and be honest about your self. Every side character is written solely in terms of their relation to Chiron (I can only think of one scene without the main character), including a drug dealer who becomes his de facto father figure and his friend Kevin, who greatly influences his fortitude and his sexuality. Despite Chiron being a person of few words, director Barry Jenkins' camera and the performances of the three actors playing Chiron give us a complete, intimate picture, transcending the shallow stereotypes that appear on the surface, particularly in its third act. It seems ready to jump into yelling, violence, and melodrama at any point, but opts for restraint in nearly every case while still providing pathos and catharsis.What pushes Moonlight from effective to extraordinary is its beautiful production. Jenkins' frames are all a piece of art unto themselves, popping with slightly over-saturated colours (the full title of the original play is In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue, and you better believe they get that shot). There's a lot to dissect in each image, and they paint a vibrant and distinctive world in spite of the often depressing material. The soundtrack is loaded with the kind of old soul and R&B that Kanye West made a career out of sampling, contrasting with the strings of the stunning original score. And the performances are fantastic from top to bottom, with Naomie Harris and Mahershala Ali deserved locks for supporting Oscar nominations.Moonlight is an utterly absorbing and beautiful film with unfailing empathy for its main character. It avoids the numerous awards-bait pitfalls, standing a singular and triumphant work. As a piece of visual art, Moonlight is worthy of study. As a gripping drama, Moonlight is entirely effective. As a time capsule of an era where identity has taken centre stage, Moonlight is maybe the most important and relevant film of the year.

This is the type of movie you start watching with high expectations because of all the buzz around the film. At the beginning it's kind of boring but hey, it's just the beginning. You get to know the characters and stuff, it's understandable. Things will get better. At the middle of the film you think: 'ah, this is nothing special but it has a huge potential, the second half will be incredible'. The film goes on and you notice it's only 20 minutes left and you think to yourself 'oh, it did not fulfil my expectations but the film is so hyped, the ending MUST be incredible, memorable. Can barely wait". And the ending happens out of nowhere when you least expect so you think "so that's it? Nothing else? How can this trash be so hyped"? Then you remember the film is about black people and homosexuality and in the Oscars' last edition there was a huge controversy due to few black nominees and suddenly everything starts making sense.

In its mission to annoy the idiot from the white house, the Academy makes us all idiots for staying the night, watching the awards. Apart from the performance of Ali (only first 30 minutes, for about 10 minutes of screen time), Moonlight is one of the most boring, uninteresting and predictable movies i have ever seen. Bullied, black kid turned bullied black gay adolescent, turned bully black man wishing to come out of the closet. Ïnspiring? Best picture? Screenplay ????? It's a horrible joke.

Movies are of two kinds. One, that brings the child within you, by showing multiple fast-moving, colorful images that are grand, visually. We are so used to these kind of movies that everyone is convinced that movies are for entertainment, and this is what 'I' want. And, when we least expect, we get something like 'Moonlight', making ourselves question why movies are made. We realize then, that there are a second kind of movies, where you start thinking and feeling deeper than ever before, giving a new meaning to life since you watched it.Moonlight is not a story, as others mention. It is about you, as an individual, portrayed through the character Chiron. Every human must have faced issues with identifying the world within and the world outside. As a consequence, he/she faces the challenge of adjusting both, getting confused, frustrated, afraid, reserved throughout, until that day when they open up to someone whom they believe completes them.Chiron is an introvert growing up in a very harsh environment (no spoilers), trying to find who he really is. Unlike other movies so far, Moonlight keeps Chiron at the center of every scene, portraying his struggles and emotions right directly on screen. Never in a moment does the movie divert into a sub-plot that tries to justify anything. What you see is the world as Chiron sees, hears and feels. The actors who have played Chiron have done a masterful work of emoting it. The direction and screenplay is a masterpiece itself. There are very few dialogues. But when they are spoken, they leave a deep thought in mind.Moonlight is not a Roller Coaster that an average movie goer expects. It is like that light breeze you feel when you walk along the beach. Don't watch the movie looking for a thrill. Just relax and feel the experience. That is when you understand life.(Caution: The movie does have scenes that might be disturbing to some. However, this movie is far safer and healthier than other movies you can think of.)

It's all been said in the other negative reviews, and I can only concur. Desperately pretentious and earnest, one of those "pat yourself on the back for getting it" movies. "Go and watch Transformers then!" they cry. After sitting through Moonlight, I actually FELT like a Transformers/50 Shades/Emoji Movie marathon.

Ill keep it short and sweet. Another movie with a great message. It could have been so much better but it is boring dull and the ending is atrocious as well which is always the sign of a bad movie. Don't believe any hype or awards won. Another movie given a best picture award for its message although the film is awful.

I feel like everyone involved with this movie was moving in slow mo. The story had serious holes, the actors had little to no character development. I think it's pretty obvious the director and writers were just trying to cash in on 2 sensitive subjects at once (Being Black and Being gay). Other wise this movie would have gone unnoticed like it should have originally.I just don't understand the praise at all.

This film is just very overrated. This is about a drug dealer who grew up in the mean streets of Florida. The acting is fine but nobody deserved an Academy Award. The person that won his part is so short that in reality was an extended cameo. Now I did like the part where the kid gets revenge but in general this film has nothing worth remembering. It Won Best Picture but so did "Chariots of Fire". The best thing about this film was the fact I did not pay movie theater prices to see it. Film 100% Garbage

I am neither Black nor Gay.I thought that the Little-Chiron-Black character was made such a cipher to make it easier to cast older actors in the role. My partner, with experience as a schoolteacher and with balky kids found the characters less opaque - she claims to have read the characters' body language. I would have preferred a bit more backstory, a bit more psychology, a bit more of a handle on this very odd person.I also thought the film may not have been about growing up Queer and Black but just growing up, and confused all the time. The only Gay action occurs in the middle sequence and with Kevin, who seems to be sexually exploratory. Kevin initiates the encounter. And that leaves open the question as to whether Chiron is actually Gay. In the final section, when Black re-initiates contact with Kevin, Black claims Kevin was the only person to accept and touch him. (Kinda hard to believe if Little-Chiron-Black was actually Gay he would not have followed-up on his positive first encounter with others). Maybe Kevin is bisexual and Chiron is only needy?I thought the film failed in not following through on the fate of Juan, who seems to have been a real influence on Little-Chiron-Black. In the third sequence, Black is a virtual body-double to Juan.I do not believe the film earned it's Best Picture Oscar, although it may have been an important film to see.

This film is no doubt over rated beyond disbelief. Although there are some great moments in the film, especially the cinematography, overall the plot sucks. It's overdone camera 360's, and front boring scenes really represent where today's films are headed. Marshala Ali put on a very cool performance I must admit. And perhaps deserved the Oscar. But let me say it again the plot sucked. There's no direction whatsoever. The story loosely strung together, the protagonist is a weak character. He's barely developed, it skips around to much in his life to follow why he evolved into x or z. We have to give credit to the camera shots, no doubt it was cool. The dialogue also had a sense of realism to it. To sum it up we want memorable characters not wooden robots with no emotion (like every other movie character these days) and most of all we want a good story. Moonlight is a example of a overrated movie, helped by the media, the only reason why it won was because of its political agenda and damn we don't want to watch a movie shoving politics up our mouths, we want a good story with common values we could ALL connect to. Moonlight by far didn't deserve the Oscar but of course it won because of its political message. Arrival, Hacksaw ridge kicked it's ass by far. I hope Hollywood recognizes that were sick of these political films, and just want to see a Good Movie!!!!!!!!! However I gave it seven stars due to some good drama scenes, really only in the beginning.

As I went into this film the only thing I could think was Oscar BAIT! I mean we have a nearly all black cast about a man that is struggling with his sexuality. If this wasn't destined to be Oscar bait I don't know what is. But boy does this film work. It's a movie that excels because of the storytelling. The film takes place with three clearly defined chapters about a guy named Chiron. Each chapter, or act, is titled with a nickname that this dude has. Whether it's Little, Black, or just plain Chiron. As the slogan suggests, it's a movie about this man's life. It's set when he is a child, a teen, and a full grown adult. The story is deconstructed in these three periods to show specific moments in his life.This is a strange movie, to say the least. It's not only incredibly ambitious in a story sense but the subject matter, if not handled correctly, could have easily blown up in their faces. Fortunately 'Moonlight' handles the material with the exact amount of grace you'd want. But in order to fully explain this film, I feel like I have to discuss all three acts in detail to actually get into why it works. But I will do my best to avoid giving too much away.The first act is probably the worst of the three. It recounts the tale of young Chiron. We are first introduced to him as he is sprinting away from children that are bullying him. He is found by a drug dealer that takes him under his wing because of the abusive relationship Chiron has with his mother. As this act progresses it really started to wear on me. It's set up in a rather generic way and the feeling of this never really goes away during this act.If you've seen a coming of age story like this before you already know exactly how this act is going to go. It's predictable, straightforward, and often a bit too on the nose in comparison to what is to come, which is probably the best act of the film. Chapter 2, simply titled, black. This one follows Chiron as he deals with the awkward high school years. And it's here where the film absolutely takes off. Before we got a kind of generic plot with uneven camera work but from here on, everything falls into place.Suddenly the film gets incredibly mature and intimate. For me, movies about gay people are always a little difficult to get into. I'm not gay so seeing two women or men get together isn't something I personally relate to, but this film absolutely drew me in. Because it's less about a gay man and more about a troubled person that is simply trying to live his life.Taking this more human, mature angle lets people that have a hard time relating (like me) and is able to draw you in. It's about a human being a human. The comparison that is being made with this film is 'Boyhood'. Which is also about watching a person develop before your eyes. The only difference between the two being, 'Moonlight' is actually a film. 'Boyhood' is just an experiment, nothing more. This film is impactful because of the humanity 'Boyhood' didn't have.It shows the harshness of the life Chiron lives in vivid, unrelenting detail. Highlighting the specific moments that define him as a person. And as he matures you can see how each moment and person affected him, whether positively or otherwise. This creates a character that we not only care deeply for but someone that feels amazingly real. Barry Jenkins direction is also able to compliment this nearly perfectly. There are times when I sorely wished for a tripod to be used as the shaky cam gets to be a bit much, but the boots on the ground style perfectly captured this world.But this entire movie would've fallen apart if the performances were even mediocre. The entire film rests on the shoulders of three actors, two of which being young kids. And I am glad to say that everyone gives outstanding performances. Even the child actors are really great. For me, the stand out is teenage Chiron. Who is able to show the characters inner turmoil and fears with little words. He gives an exceptional performance that is worthy of note.This is a very well done film that I can't recommend enough. It's well crafted, gracefully told, perfectly performed, incredibly directed, and has a sense of intimacy and maturity that few films are able to offer. You can feel the world around our main character and almost smell the things he can. While I sorely wish for a unique first act and more tripods, this movie is an incredible story about people that shouldn't be missed.

Extremely disappointed with these negative reviews... I think I see where they are coming from and honestly I think it's ignorance. It's not action packed and it's not going to make you laugh. But it's going to make you watch and listen, maybe cry a little. At least I think that's what was intended. I love this movie for all that it is. Mind you, the last bit threw me off but it still didn't take away from making me feel some kinda way. Definitely a must watch. With no distractions. Do it!

I really do not understand why the f*ck this movie got the Oscar, I think the people selecting the winning movie are all fag**ts. I waste my time watching this sh*t and probably worse than La La Land. Kong was a better movie. Here a little summary of what I just saw. I watch inaccuracies, stupidity, and homosexuality. There were so many good movies on 2016 why did they have to choose this one above Hidden Figures?

"Moonlight" is an American English-language film from 2016 and this is the movie that won Best Picture in a truly controversial presentation at the Oscars this year. It was probably a really really very close win over the suspected front-runner "La La Land", so it was somehow fitting the way it turned out. Anyway, this one here runs for 105 minutes approximately and it was written and directed by Barry Jankins, who won an Oscar for his screenplay. This film is about one character and it is structured nicely into 3 parts during different times from this character's life. One is about him being a small boy, the next about him being a teenager and the final part is about him being a grown-up. Mahershala Ali only appears in the very first part and this was enough for him to win an Oscar. I think he was pretty good, but I am not sure if I'd call him Oscar worthy. Maybe a nomination would have sufficed. Naomie Harris was also nominated and she is in all three parts, even if only relatively short in the final section. And while the third and last part was probably my least favorite, I still want to give a thumbs-up to Trevante Rhodes who despite his strong physicality managed a very vulnerable performance and André Holland who did a great job next to Rhodes.So yeah, I think the middle part was probably the best (it certainly had the most touching moment namely when the central character gets hurt physically by the one he trusts the most, but it is also a powerful moment because he will stand up from now on), but also most likely the toughest to watch and there were 3-4 really shocking moments in there. One would also be when we hear what happened to Ali's character from the first sequence, even if it is just mentioned in one sentence. The film's strength is perhaps that it really feels very authentic and close to reality. You never have the impression you are watching actors here and also the story works out nicely. When the protagonist enters the world of crime and violence at the end of the second part, he is sucked in it very quickly and his physical transformation fits as well just like his profession. But at the very end (as we also see in the last shot), he is once again the little boy he was right at the beginning. All in all, I would say this is a solid movie and I don't mind it being nominated for best picture as it is really very good in its best moments, but the win may be a bit too much. I think it is roughly on par with the equally pretty good but not great "La La Land", maybe slightly inferior, but I am quite baffled the film won. Of course, the Academy adjusted their rules recently to help Black movies and actors after all this discrimination talk last year (with which I do not agree at all though), so this certainly helped "Moonlight" in getting the edge over "La La Land". But I am surprised because the subject is very specific and the Academy has not always reacted that warmly to gay-themed films, but also because "Hidden Figures" is a film with historic relevance and not just a personal story like this one here and I find it quite surprising it won Best Picture, also because it is also not a masterpiece from the technical perspective. But maybe they wanted to go for something else this year and honestly I am not too mad about "Moonlight" (pretty random name though with the color blue reference on one occasion in the film) winning, even if I would not rank it among my favorite Best Picture or anywhere near my favorite 2016 films. It's still worth seeing for sure.

As I said I liked this movie. It's slow perhaps and for me it is a typical Un-American movie. It remembered me to the Japanese 'Nobody knows'. No action, less words to speak and no special effects. Just a story of small all day people with their own problems. No happy stories but in that case maybe many peoples story that no one likes to see. I liked the stills very much and found the actors excellent.

Son of a mother addicted to heroin (Naomie Harris, nominated for her performance at the Globe), Chiron's life is marked by abuses of others. Chiron child finds a supporter in the person of Juan (Mahershala Ali). Adolescence comes with the discovery of love, but it's a doomed love social; adulthood, we find again Chiron - but he is now the one that childhood dream? Story is good and well acted by all the cast all around.The movie is about finding one's identity and place in society, and masculinity and what it means to be a man.Naomie Harris captures well the psychology heroin addict in Moonlight, making portrait of a mother torn from reality, irresponsible moments of "awakening" that secures the son of her love.

There are three parts to this movie of a young man growing up in a poor black area of Florida. The first is when he is about eight years old(it would seem) where he is befriended and protected by an older man who is also a drug dealer. The second part is when he is an adolescent – and being bullied and ostracized in high school. He is also coming to realize that he is gay. The first two parts are the harrowing story of a young person growing up who is different. He is sensitive and self-aware beyond his years. This is all convincingly done. Along with the filming technique you are emotionally drawn into this story. Sadly I felt the last part, of him being a twenty-something person, had all this emotion withdrawn. It was like a balloon that had suddenly had the air let out. The film wilted and became ordinary.

Clearly one of the WORST movies I've seen in quite awhile. I'd be surprised if a thousand words were spoken the entire film. Chopped up scenarios, a bit like "Boyhood" but with black folks and MUCH LESS spirit or meaning.Typical, type-casting film about a young boy's tough life in the "hood", bullying, and troubled adult. Uh huh. And....... that's it. As if THAT card hasn't been played a million times over and over.Dead and soulless film. Waste of celluloid, and most definitely a waste of time and a rental. Academy Awards folks -- you should be ashamed for even RECOGNIZING this film. What a farce you are proving yourselves to have become. Complete putty in one social group's hands. Disgusting.I will say though, the LGBT and black folks should be satisfied though now. Even if most will agree its win is out of political, boo hoo whining of previous years' minority community.The nomination, much less the WINNING of "Best Picture" and "Best Supporting Actor" are clear proof that the Academy has no backbone and societal conscience to the viewers who patronize them. Complete "bone to the dog" decision by them headed by none other than oh (!), shocker a "minority" President.Sickening cowardice on their part. This movie SUCKS in bold faced, all cap letters! Nothing to be proud of AT ALL. What a true bummer.

Multiple Oscar nominations was the hype behind the film and so I watched it but there isn't a lot of depth in the movie nor in its characters! The entire film story can be learnt from just the story paragraph in IMDb and believe me watching the movie then won't tell you any more.I like the fact that the director chose not to highlight white guys and their privileged life but chose to highlight reality of a black kid growing up in poor and crime-laden neighbourhood with lacking connection and relationships. Nothing special in my opinion!

On the evening of the very day I went to see "Moonlight" at a cinema in London, it received the highest accolade of the Aacedmy Awards in Los Angeles, but only after the most dramatic mess-up in Oscar history when originally "La La Land" was announced as the winner of the Best Film Award only minutes later for it to be declared that in fact "Moonlight" was the actual victor. Even without this memorable fiasco, it would have been a stunning event: the first LGBT film to be awarded the Oscars' top honour and Mahershala Ali as the first Muslim to win an Oscar.It is a remarkable film that tells a moving coming-of-age story of a young gay African-American from Miami in a compelling fashion: a triptych in which each of the three segments is titled by the name used for the central character at that time of his life and in which a different actor pays that character. So Alex Hibbert is Little (around 9), Ashton Sanders is Chiron (about 16), and Trevante Rhodes is Black (approximately 26) - each giving a laconic but mesmerising performance. In a rare movie with an all-black cast, there is strong support from the likes of Oscar-nominated Naomie Harris as Chiron's drug-using mother and Oscar winner Mahershala Ali as Little's protector and mentor. Above all, though, this is a triumph for writer and director Barry Jenkins who adapted Tarell Alvin McCraney's unproduced play "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue" and utilises a wide palette of techniques and styles to communicate his message."Moonlight" is a million miles from "La la Land" (which I loved) and will take only a fraction of the box office achieved by the musical. It is slow and painful and will not be to all viewers' taste. But this is what makes cinema such a wonderful art form. We can admire both and the Academy Awards can acknowledge both.

Moonlight is written & directed by Barry Jenkins and stars Mahershala Ali, Alex R. Hibbert, Naomie Harris, Janelle Monáe, Ashton Sanders, Trevante Rhodes and André Holland.A timeless story of human self-discovery and connection, Moonlight chronicles the life of a young black man from childhood to adulthood as he struggles to find his place in the world while growing up in a rough neighbourhood of Miami.Short and sweet; Barry Jenkins' Moonlight has sunk low under the radar for many, but the sheer quality in the writing and acting will be treasured inside the hearts and minds of those who were lucky enough to experience this touching story. Of all the incredible people that worked on this film, I knew only two; Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris. Now, I've been introduced to a whole new set of fine actors, writers, filmmakers, who are all responsible for creating one of the most pleasant cinema outings in recent years. The most valued trait in Moonlight is how remarkably real it feels. The screenplay never once exaggerates on its simple storytelling, nor does it force its views on the audience. You make your own decisions, feel how you want to feel, just as the lead character does on-screen.Ali and Harris are remarkable in their respective roles and absolutely vital to the choices that Chiron (played by three great actors; Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders & Trevante Rhodes, in three distinct time periods) will make, leading him down his path into young adult life. André Holland provides wonderful support in the final act beside Rhodes, culminating with a well-rounded story of self-discovery.Original music by Nicholas Britell is clean, subtle and ambient. Only lending to the picture when necessary, never interrupting the performances on-screen or feeling forced. It's a perfect fit, an exquisite pairing of image and score.Winning the Academy Award for Best Picture is a phenomenal feat and the team behind Moonlight should feel very proud. I know I am.Verdict; There's so much to say about Moonlight, but only Moonlight will tell its story the right way. See this film.Moonlight, 8/10.

"At some point you gotta decide for yourself who you're gonna be." Chiron is a young man struggling to make it in school and in life. He is left alone most of the time since his mother Paula (Harris) is a drug addict. He finds a mentor and a friend in Juan (Ali), the person who sells his mother drugs. He imparts wisdom that sticks with Chiron from a young boy, to teenager to an adult man. This is a tough movie to review. The acting is really good, but there is essentially no plot and it reminded me a little of Precious in the way you are just watching a child struggle to get by on his own with no real guidance or story. The acting is very very good but this is the first Best Picture nominee of the year where I question why it was nominated. I'm not saying the movie isn't good because it is, but on the other hand this is really less of a movie and more of a two hour character study. Overall, not a bad watch but one that is emotionally draining. If you liked Precious and want to watch another movie like that again then this is the movie you have been waiting for. I give this a B.

i.Little:- I'm speechless when it comes to this half an hour, Hilarious! emotion disturbance, self discovering.. great acting from all the characters starting with Mahershala Ali the best actor in the movie.. I really loved this periodii.Sharon + iii.Black:- The tempo.. I started to feel that the events is running! why the rush? i am sure if this movie was in the hands of another more experienced director it must've been better, but..Barry Jenkins was very rushed, he didn't go deeply into more details between Sharon and his boyfriend, or even Juan! the best character and the best actor and the best performance.. why don't you give him more time on the screen? why don't you dig in his relation with Sharon? The movie needed more time and i needed more details..P.s: The dialogue was perfect, and the music was amazing and i enjoyed the movie from the very begging to the last scene

Moonlight is a cinematic masterpiece. Only a few films have attempted to tackle this subject matter, and none of them were as brilliant and effective as this one. As a film, it's a work of art, with gorgeous imagery and gripping camera-work. As a story, it's intimate, touching, and insightful. It shines light on a character struggling with his identity in such a way that no film has done before. It manages to strike a connection between this character and the audience, and we experience his life along with him. The acting transcends this film. Everyone in this movie gives a performance that is so authentic that an audience can easily forget they are watching a film. Moonlight deals with themes that are universal in such a personal way that anyone can relate to its story. This is a movie that will be remembered. It is a film with a purpose. If a film can reach perfection, this is one of those films.

I saw Moonlight about a week ago, but because of the holidays and a buys schedule I was not able to get to this review until today. In those 5 days since I saw this movie I have thought about it every day and I think I like it more than I did when I first saw it. I don't want to get into the plot too much in this review for fear of spoiling anything for you guys so this will mostly just be me telling you about how great this movie is.Lets start with the director, Barry Jenkins. I had never heard of Mr. Jenkins before Moonlight and I don't think I am the only one in that boat. He only has one other feature film in his directorial library, but after seeing Moonlight you would think he has been an industry regular for the last 15 years. Jenkins gives a legitimacy to the setting of this story, which I cannot say I see too often in these types of movies. The slums of Miami may be downtrodden but Jenkins is also able to show the beauty around the madness. The movie is based off an unproduced play by Tarell Alvin McCraney called "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue" but Barry Jenkins is responsible for the script of the movie and what a script it is. The basic outline is the movie takes place at three different time periods in a young boys life, and each of them are both drastically different, but somehow many things stay the same. I will get to the actors in a moment but Jenkins gets so much emotion out of this script, and it is not sappy or searching for tears, it is just real life emotion, pain, happiness, regret, anxiety and more, Moonlight does not shy away from emotions, it uses them.The interesting thing about Moonlight is that the main character is played by 3 different actors over the course of the movie. In part one, entitled "Little" Alex Hibbert plays the lead. A strong performance from a child actor that rivals some of the best child actor performances I have ever seen. Ashton Sanders takes over the reins and is in charge of the "Chiron" portion of the story and this one I feel I can relate to the most. Sanders plays the quiet troubled portion of Chiron's tale beautifully. Then Trevante Rhodes closes it out in the "Black" portion of the story. This may be the most effecting performance in the movie, just because of the complete transformation for the child in the beginning of the movie to the grown man we see at the end. People have asked me which performance was the best of the three, and honestly I can't pick one. They are all affecting in their own way and would not be as strong if you removed any one of them.I can't say any movie has gotten to me as much as Moonlight has this year. There are just so many great things here, The writing the directing the acting the classical music that adds to make this story more than just a "hood drama". In my opinion Chiron is the most well made character in a movie since Riggan Thomson in Birdman from a few years ago. By the end of the movie I felt something for Chiron, I can't tell exactly what it was, it is more than pity or compassion but something deeper. There is a reality in his eyes by the end that has been earned by the previous 90 minutes. I have seen quite a few movies this year but in my humble opinion Moonlight is the strongest of 2016 so far. It should be a prominent player come awards season and it would be deserving of everything it gets. Get ahead of everyone and see Moonlight now, you wont be disappointed.

Barry Jenkins' portrayal of identity, family, love, sexuality, and masculinity is all shown in a gritty and unsettling manner as well as being somber and poetic at the very same time. Its a wondrous work of art that displays a universal message of finding one's true self and how our own life experiences can create who we really are in the end. Its a story that's both real and raw, creating an environment that Chiron has to navigate in order to find out who we is inside of him, and I believe its a strong message that just about anyone can grasp onto.Every character is acted and portrayed in a way that feels authentic and real, without resorting to clichéd stereotypes. The narrative feels unpredictable to the point where you have no idea where the story can turn at any given point. Barry Jenkins' direction and writing is simply mesmerizing due to an intricate blend of somber color pallets, stylistic visuals that complement the story, and minimal dialogue that instead, utilizes the stunning power of silence to evoke certain emotions. All in all, this is the work of an artist who put his talent and passion into his own personal project and creating a beam of hope for those struggling to find their way through the burden of life.Believe all the hype for this masterpiece of a film. I cannot sing it's praises enough and its one of those once-in-a-lifetime works that I implore everyone to go seek out. It is worth all your time and money. I can't get this film out of my head ever since I left the theater, and I have a feeling that this might end up becoming one of my all time favorites in the future.

Unbelievably bad, bad camera work, long and drawn out, bad acting, you name it, everything was just bad. I felt like I was watching a low budget, student film. It was a struggle to finish this. I feel like this movie was a joke. The Academy has lost their collective minds.. This was one of the worst movies I have seen. I always make it a point to watch all the Best Pictures and usually they are somewhat on point. This was just insane, I don't get it. If they wanted to get political Hidden Figures should have won, at least that was a good move.

OK, when you make a prank video, you post it on Youtube, make it short, and more importantly, you make it funny. The movie is boring, yes its plain boring. There's nothing much to it. If you are really enjoying your time then this is the way to balance it. The movie is about nothing, ya, maybe that is what the official genre should have been, it teaches you how to sit quietly for two hours and not protest. This year Oscars have really disappointed me. Or maybe they've played a sad ass prank. Don't ever watch this movie.

Was that 50 Cent in the film?Typical Oscar choice formula. It's not about being an overall quality film at all or having some entertainment value. To win an Oscar, all you really need is to have a controversial subject matter (Like the film 'Crash' winning in 2005). Last year, Spotlight won just for the controversy subject matter about a daily newspaper uncovering the Churches molesting young children - the film itself is extremely boring unless you find office meetings exciting. This film is just as slow as Spotlight, it tries to be artsy with random shots. I believe it's a true story based on a play; the film could have been told in one hour, but they really stretched it out. Moonlight won Best Picture, this year, about a gay boy growing up. Of course, the timing is really on their side with all the gay "LGBT" movement going on. It is the "hipster" thing today. Add to that, last year there was major controversy/boycotting about the Oscars being a total racist (Jada Pinkett Smith/Will Smith) and not nominating or awarding black people. How convenient for this year (2017) for so many black actors suddenly taking over the Oscars, winning awards and winning the ultimate Best Picture prize. Oscars really must have felt guilty or scared of the boycott. I was expecting more surrounding the nature of being gay/complexity, but the film is just straight forward; Boy making out and stroking another boy. Oh, how controversial. A skinny boy suddenly turns into a macho Curtis James Jackson (Rapper 50 Cent). Mahershala Ali won Best Supporting Actor. I liked his character, but he's only in the first few minutes of the movie! I'm surprised he won as well just for that small part. I was expecting him to return somewhere later in the film, yet he never comes back. The film never really explains what happened to him. The ending is so weak. It was probably the worst part of the film. I think LA LA Land is overrated, but Moonlight is even more overrated. Lion was the overall best film/powerful. Spotlight... Moonlight... If Twilight focuses on politics and racism, show that the vampire characters were actually transgendered the whole time, maybe they have a shot at winning the Oscars in 2018.

Who are you?Do you know who you really are?Who will you become?Are you different form others? Do you feel you are lost?Should you decide for yourself who you're gonna be?Should you let others make that decision for you?Is life always easy?Is it bad to be different or strange or black?Is it easy to discover your identity?Who are you? The answer is in the moonlight.Beautiful shots,magical music,great acting(especially from Naomie Harris),a thought-provoking story,wonderful scenes,amazing directing but must of all....in every scene of the movie I could hear a voice saying:"Accept difference" and "Black is beautiful". Moonlight is a drama that makes us think about who we are and who we want to become!Its a film that makes us wonder about what is going to come.A sign for the future.A film that tells us to come together and face the huge problems of our collapsing society.If we don't try to make things better,then what will happen? The answer is in the moonlight. The story also revolves around the relationship of a son,who isn't respected from anyone and of his mother,who is addicted in drugs and that's why she can't help him to face his problems and his difficulties. Although it has some flaws,like some really slow or unimportant scenes,it is steel a must-see. Moonlight is probably the most important movie of 2016 and 2017 so far! Who are you?

An artistic indie that is clear, deliberate and articulate, Moonlight is a quiet slow burn gem. The film is a triptych, the three acts give us defining moments in the life of the main character named Chiron. The child called "Little," the teen "Chiron" his actual name, and the man called "Black." The chapter titles said to me where he is in this life. Although I witnessed imposing forces of life from being raised (trapped) in an impoverished drug addled community, the character themes are universal. Where is Little's support system? He's becoming aware of self and his lack of place in the world. His young identity teetering on the balance in a world of few options. Chiron is becoming aware of who he really, though stifled and just when he needs to find his way, his world is literally beating it out of him. Black has made himself in the image of the only one he ever trusted, after being railed by the system. Chiron, though wounded and guarded is still in there. Nothing in the film felt gratuitous or wasted. It is rhythmic and artistically produced with purpose in scene composition and sound. Little learning to swim in that big ocean spoke volumes. Dialogue is more exposition than narrative, though a few scenes felt forced and a bit on the nose. The main actors especially the 3 Chirons are very good, award worthy performances. Each actor was very powerful in invoking the intentions of the filmmakers. A lot is left to the audience to decide for themselves. I don't always love that because I love storytelling that shows me a different point of view and doesn't rely on my point of view to shape it. But this worked for me in the way art should. It has a point of view and what I do with it, what I take from it, how I feel about it, is up to me. Good Stuff.

Story: Been done before. Dialigue aa bit trite and predictible.
Acting: Excellent
Cinematography: Annoying. Too many spinning shots and long linguering shots. If spinning shots were suppose to symbolize the life confusion of these kids, it did not work for me.
Directing: Good given obvious budget constraints.

I watched this movie for two reasons
1. It won the best picture oscar
2. its been rated 99 on metacritic.com
I am actually very dissapointed how a movie so far fetched, full of cliches and over-the-top drama could make it this big? I am an indian, I dont understand black and white culture, but I know when a story is promising.
The only thing I liked was cinematography. Rest I couldn't take. yet I sat through it.

Moonlight is considered a pretty big movie in the movie scene; winning prizes such as Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role among two hundred other awards. Winning three oscars isn't an easy feat, and I congratulate the movie and it's makers for reaching such an amazing feat. But truth to be told? It does not deserve it.The movie starts strongly, with amazing acting produced by Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris, but decays afterwards into what can be simply categorized as overrated. The first period of the whole movie (of three total) is superb, acting-wise, visually, and in terms of writing and dialogue, but then it is replaced by uneeded timeskips that could have been used to make the movie far more thrilling and deserving of the oscars. There were plenty of situations and times when acting could've done the job, but it was always kicked in it's teeth by a timeskip, equally boring was the writing, portraying unfortunately an awesome concept but still ultimately leaving you with nothing in the end. Yes, it is black people. Yes, it is homosexual people. But so what? These two automatically do not push anything into a good movie.The middle and end section of the movie goes through so flawlessly, with minimal conflict and little chance for the actors to shine in the drama genre. The ending, what could've been amazing, intense situation - is instead shrunk into a twilight-romance that just doesn't cut it for three oscars. If you've seen the movie, you must see it; there's just no way the ending is so simple as it is portrayed. Why was there no explanation or delving further into the adult protagonist? He was an empty shell, and not because the story wanted it that way - but because the story didn't ever produce anything to make us feel we ever needed, or wanted, the end that we got.Visually however: a masterpiece. The colours are not only flawless and the angles and beautiful scenery pushes this movie from complete garbage (again, aside from the beginning), to an acceptable movie. The colours specifically root into your memory, with specific colours and specific designs on character's clothes making you easily interpret who they are and understand the scenes with masterful ease.It's a shame that with such a badass, thought-provoking concept, the beautiful colours, and the awesome introduction, the rest of the movie became lackluster and in the end, overrated.

If you answered yes to that question, this is a movie you'll UNDERSTAND and ENJOY. 
Follow up questions:
Are you capable of empathy, even if someone isn't the same as you? Do you believe that movies don't need a complex plot, or a typical structure? Do you appreciate breaking convention and following new, uncommon methods of storytelling? If you answered no to ANY of those questions, Moonlight might be a bit too artsy for you, or you might not be the kind of person who will be moved by it. 
But if you answered yes to all those questions, Moonlight is a dream come true. The movie follows a young man in the Southeast, growing up in poverty and dealing with his identity and who he is. The movie shows him at three different critical moments in his life, and the amount of resonance that I felt with this film is indescribable. Granted, I'm not part of a minority, so I won't comment on politicized issues surroudning this film. However, I will say that the notion that Moonlight only made it to the Oscars because it featured marginalized groups prominently is FALSE. This movie made it where it is today of its own power.
Go into this film with an open mind, and try not to force Moonlight into your idea of what a film should be, let Moonlight shape a new concept for you.
Who knows, you might enjoy where it takes you.

This movie can be described at mediocre at best. I will admit there are some incredible scenes in the movie, but as a whole it is sloppy, badly acted and doesn't really derive to any conclusion. Let's start with the positives. I love how the movie is segmented into 3 chapters following the protagonist's life. Mahershala Ali gives an amazing performance and fully deserves his Oscar. Sadly, his on screen time leaves you desperately wanting more.The negatives. There is one GLARING problem with this movie. It is clearly a hard left leaning, SJW, LBGTQwhatever Oscar-bait movie which Hollywood LOVES and pushes hard as their "stance". They don't see nuance and their coddling of everything is like we're living in WW3. That would not be a problem at all with this movie, as Moonlight has clear merits. But the fact it won Best Picture is a clear indicator that Hollywood is trying to shove this message down our throats.The acting is overall poor despite a couple of well acted characters. It could best be described as shuffle acting, as if they don't have a clear definition of who their characters are in their heads while they're playing them. The movie's emotion is set like the steady sound of a dead heartbeat. Even moments that should have explosive impact feel like a little blip. It is overall too calm for the subject matter at hand. In conclusion: should this movie be a Best Picture winner? Not by a long shot. Is it worth a watch? Absolutely. There are great nuggets in this movie, but it is overall mediocre.

I thought the acting was amazing and the directing was spot on, capturing the emotions on screen was spectacular. The problem with the movie is that it lacks the potential what the movie could have been. Good concept, but not well written. The issue is that it didn't deliver with the character story like they should have, I get it he is black, gay and he lives in the "hood" aka the ghetto. Now, I wanted to see more of the life around him what is causing his inner self to be awaken by such diversity that surrounds him. They miss the opportunity to go in deep with a real thought-provoking inspirational story. Never giving us the cruel reality that this isn't just a movie, but this is a real life issue that goes on everyday. Personally I thought the movie was boring and it drag a lot, kept making me lose interest in the character. It wasn't revolutionary, It wasn't life changing, it was a typical Hollywood movie that took away a good subject and butchered it and shoved it in our faces with a non complex story with a ending that doesn't make us feel sorry but, feel lonely. It lost its message. I was hoping something like "crash" or "Brokeback Mountain" hitting issues and making the characters seem so real. But, like every other movie it is up to "YOU" to watch it and decide for yourself. Some people I know love it and some hate it. In the end I do recommend to watch it to see good acting and really great directing.

This movie was one of the movies I planned to watch from the oscars 2017 highlights and I was really expecting something good since it was the best picture but at the same time I was realistic knowing it's plot resembles a lot to the one of Boyhood. That movie was just fun to watch for the on-screen aging obtained by a 12 year span of filming. This one however I expected to have somewhat of a traumatizing experience since it is about a kid growing up in harsh environments. Now although it's about a gay guy I set that aside and enjoyed this movie for what it was. I will say that it was not the best and most deserving of best picture movie of 2016 but a very good one with some great performances that made me at times forget I was watching a movie and rather feeling like I was in it. Mahershala Ali has a great performance but for me not enough screen time to be really a Oscar-worthy, instead Naomie Harris has a fantastic performance that should have won her the Oscar. Aside from that the story is very good catching me and sacking me into the movie from the first scene. The score is also very good and just enhanced the movie for me. My gripes with the movie are that: 1. It has no plot. It's really about this guy growing up. But the events, the scene and everything that happens is really very dramatic and memorable. And for me that stood out and made this movie better than Boyhood in all aspects. 2. In a african-american neighborhood there is a school with 100% african-american kids? Literally no caucasian people? I might be wrong to assume this but it's just a little bit impossible to be that way. And 3. The gay aspect is very underdeveloped. I knew from the synopsis as many users might know but some people who might not read it would be surprised to see that people were bullying Chiron for being a homosexual but we as viewers find out only around the second act and is very underdeveloped. If there was more development on that before the second stage of the movie's story it might have been a great movie. Either way I enjoyed it. It had wondeful performances, dramatic scenes and a great score. 9/10

As it's Oscar season I've been working through all the movies that have ever won Best Picture. After watching this garbage I have lost all respect for the Academy and probably shan't bother watching whatever wins Best Picture this year. While I've had an account on here for quite a while, this is the first time I've felt compelled to write a review, as I want to warn people off being conned by the Academy and all the 'professional' film reviewers that, frankly, should be ashamed of themselves (98% on Rotten Tomatoes? WTF??!!).The main character is extremely one dimensional and dull. It's as if the writers decided that his personality is that he's gay. That's not a personality, that's a sexual orientation! That would be like saying that Tony Montana's personality is that he's straight. The dialogue may well have been written be a child, as pretty much all of the subtext is spoken aloud; there's little by way of subtlety here.I give the movie a 4 as the acting is very good and the cinematography is pleasant and easy on the eye. I've got no bad words to say about any of the cast; they're doing their best with what is clearly some very underwhelming material. And technically the film is well produced and edited.This is not the worst movie in the world, far from it, but it deserves very strong critique if for no other reason than to counter the phoney, totally undeserved praise it's been receiving from so-called 'professional' reviewers. A film needs to be more than 'groundbreaking' or 'tackling tough issues' to get a good review from me. Before it is anything else, it has to be a good film. This film reminds me a lot of 'Rocky Horror'. People called that 'groundbreaking', but it was a terrible picture nonetheless.And I'm not afraid to say that this movie was clearly up for so many Oscars as a political move. It's a sad indictment of modern times that to rag on a movie about a gay black man would leave one opened to being labelled "intolerant" and/or "unenlightened". If a movie sucks, one shouldn't be afraid to say it, regardless of its subject matter and ethnic makeup of its characters.Do yourself a favour and give this film a pass.

I have opened movie with a great expectations, but frustrated, the movie about nothing. And it won Oscar because of gay scenes. Of course I am not against of gay but only because of it the movie cannot won Oscar. Sorry. There are no emotions, film is very dark, scenes have been shoot very long, actors just looking to each other for one minute, why I should watch it?

I really wanted to like this movie. I believed all of the award hype and I was looking forward to seeing it. That all ended about a third of the way into the movie, if not before. I understand that it is regarded as groundbreaking because of the subject matter--rarely are black gay men represented in media. I think these stories should be told and have an important place. But this movie did not live up to its hype and was not entertaining, all ideas about subject matter aside. I agree with other reviewers that said it floated along and barely told a story, the time line was confusing, and that the characters were poorly developed and that the dialogue was so pointless, that it added nothing to the story. I did not grow to like these characters because I barely knew them, I could not root for them or hate them. I feel like I could have watched this movie on mute and still have gotten the same message out of it. The idea of hating your crackhead mom is a stereotype and not new to media, and I was confused as to how when we first meet her she is dressed in scrubs and does not look like an addict at all, then a few frames later is she doing drugs in a car and Juan stumbles upon her as a customer. It seems unlikely that he went from never having met her to meeting her for a second time under the circumstances that he did. How long between these incidences? I also do not understand why Juan's girlfriends house appears under remodel and no one ever explains it? It was a distraction that added nothing to the movie.I felt a slight glimmer of hope when Chiron burst into the classroom and hit his bully with the chair. I thought here it is, surely this will set in motion events that lead to his adulthood and who he becomes. But no.When we meet adult Chiron, he is supposed to be in his 20s but he looks about 38 years old to me. Kevin does too when we meet him again, plus when he was a child he looked like a Cuban American or mixed race, but as an adult he doesn't look the same at all. So many of the features that made him distinguishable as a teenager are gone. We all knew where it was headed in the diner but why did Kevin call him in the middle of the night after all this time? There was so much left unsaid and I was loooooonging for it to be said. I kept thinking surely something will happen at the end to make all this waiting pay off and it will be so satisfying, but that moment never came. The movie just ENDS. These are just a few of the questions I have about this movie. It could have been so great and the concept is so good and so relevant, but the execution is so poor and lost on me. I kept thinking, did I miss something? All I can hope is that this movie paves the way for more stories like it, but better execution.

I finally caught up with this year's Questionable Oscar winner, "Black Moonlight" last night. in Budapest. Like everyone else I was curious to see what all the noise around this picture was all about. Well, it was a fairly attention holding film, amateurishly made, but well acted with a good story, and certainly not quite as bad as that piece of mainstream crap, LalaPaloozaland, which it snuck in over at the Oscars. A great film, No -- but a pretty okay one, okay, yes -- notable for the fact that it makes you almost forget that every single actor in the movie is Afro-American and obliges you to just concentrate on the story and the plight of Chiron, the central figure with a sexual orientation problem. But really primitive in terms of production values and, if you stay for the end credits you'll see that no less a Hollywood high roller than Brat Pitt was Executive Director -- (obviously trying to hop onto the Combat Oscar Racism bandwagon -- to maybe salvage his sullied private image for leaving wife Angela Jolie, mother of many, in the lurch?).The film plays out in three parts; Part one, the neglected childhood of Chiron the child is very good and ex-rapper Mahershala Ali was riveting as the muscular drug dealer who takes a fatherly shine to the abandoned boy. His Best supporting Actor Oscar was very well deserved although he appears only in Part 1. The acting of the boy was also notable. Part 2, Adolescence, during which Chiron has his first, and apparent only, homosexual experience, is weaker, but still okay. In part three the one time teenage lovers are reunited years later in a tense overly drawn out conclusion that is well acted but badly cast and feels like a self conscious add-on. Adult Chiron looks absolutely nothing like his earlier versions and his first and only lover has since been married and fathered a child. The conclusion which is full of potential ends having no sense of closure conviction. One distracting device used in the picture is lengthy blackouts instead of cuts between scenes which reeks of low-rent more than stylistic decision. Altogether, a respectable low budget effort but nowhere near what is to be expected from an Oscar contender, let alone a winner. This was obviously a Guilty Conscience Booby prize. Sorry, but facts are facts and the mistaken winner attribution at the Oscar ceremony by Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway was the perfect absurd touch to an absurd Best Film award.

My mind got drifted away a few times during this movie unintentionally. It's a greedy movie which would like to cover most sensitive subjects on earth, i.e. drugs, black, family abuse, bullied kid at school, gay. The director made sure all these mentioned elements were thrown into the blender, and pressed the action button, then a messy concoction came out of it. I don't see how this movie won an Oscar, it's a mystery to me! Quite disappointed really, I don't get what this movie is trying get at, there's no romance, no heartfelt relationship, no nothing. Bland movie is fine, but trying to be everything and end up being nothing is a waste of my time. Actors' acting is the only thing worth mentioning.

After I was finished watching this movie, the first thing that popped in my head was, why was this movie even nominated, let alone win best picture.The plot is weak. No character build up. Story line seems forced and random. There is no proper story and concept. The only good thing I would say about this movie is the the acting. I watched La La Land, and that movie deserved to win best picture over Moonlight.I believe the Oscar judges were under a lot of pressure from last year when they were ridiculed for not selecting people from non-white races. I think they selected Moonlight to avoid going through that humiliation again.

One of this award season's hottest movies, eventually winning the best picture Oscar. The black boy is "different" (turning out to be gay) and doesn't know what to do about it. There are three stories, portraying him as a youngster, teen and a grown-up.The movie is good but never exceptional and thus not really worth all the hype it has gotten so far. Sure, it's quality work but not reaching some dazzling heights that 224 movie awards and 204 nominations are hinting at.I am disappointed by Mahershala Ali getting a best supporting actor Oscar for this. I mean, I really like the man – especially in Netflix's "Luke Cage" –, but his screen-time is so limited that he's barely in the movie! Is it really worthy of the Oscar?

What can I say? This movie is terrible. How it won an Oscar is beyond me. I suspect it has something to do with 'Oscars So White' from last year. First time I've ever left a review here but felt compelled to do so because the movie was terrible beyond words. Please save your money and go watch La La Land or something else which is actually Oscar worthy.

Moonlight is a film I admire for its impeccable directing, beautiful score, and cinematography. It's a representation of black American youth struggling with their identities. Being directionless and different in a community that disallows it is the films way of expressing themes of masculinity. It does this by exploring Chirons struggle to adapt to his hyper aware and male dominated environment. His struggle with having to deny and hide his sexual identity and himself as a person. While themes like this in a mainstream motion picture are nothing new now, moonlight Is able to remain original and brilliantly convey its emotion and struggle through Chiron. The three actors who play Chiron all convey that sense of isolation and struggle the character has with himself perfectly. However, while the film feels incredibly slow and some of the characters feel passive, My main issue with Moonlight is the ending. The movie builds with its three act structure, and with the ambiguous end we're left with, nothing revelatory happened. Because of its ambiguous nature, the ending lacks the poignancy that the director clearly attempted. Flaws aside, It's still a film everyone should see at least once.

I don't get it ! so many reviews state: " a film about nothing"..."totally boring"..."I lost 2 hours of my life"..."bad acting"..."whyt an award for this uneventfult, pretentious crap"..."artsy fartsy" etc.etc.
And then again: "outstanding"...great actors and roles"..."an important piece of film history"..."incredible"..."beautiful and truthful".....etc.etc.I liked the film. You have to have a kind of sensibility for this kind of film and the problems its dealing with. The first 30 minutes I got almost angry with that totally silent and withdrawn child and the environment he has to live in...but when you understand why things are what they are you begin to like the film.
Sure, I would have written some charakter-straits of some roles differenty. The mother-son relationsship is sometimes very irritating. Some things explain themselves at the end only-but I have to respect the writers and the directors point of view.
It certainly is a film you can debate for hours about, and it certainly does not meet the expectations of people with hollywood-blockbuster tastes and it certainly isn't a film for small town movie goers in the bible belt of the USA.
And I feel sorry for those lovers of gay films, who had hoped for juicier minutes. (no pun intented).
It's more an arthouse film for NewYork/London/Berlin audiences.

The title Moonlight alludes to the idea of being Moonstruck / the Luna (or Lunatic) - believed to be different / weird / out-of-the-norm / not behaving "Normally". Throughout the film Chiron is alienated for being different. He doesn't relate to the other boys who like to roughhouse, and bully, and fight and such. He's more passive, and shy, and insecure. He's a black kid in America who is impoverished, so much so that a decent meal is something he truly treasures. And to top it all off, he's coming to realize that he is gay as he's coming of age. And so do the other kids and so does his mother, who is a nurse who is slowly becoming a drug addict.A friendly kid, Kevin, advises him how to blend in by acting tough, going as far as to nickname him "Black". Chiron's adult friend Juan, a drug dealer of all things, tells him an anecdote: "In moonlight, black boys look blue. That's what I'm gonna call you: Blue." then surmises "At some point, you gotta decide for yourself who you're going to be. Can't let nobody make that decision for you".But Chiron takes that advice the wrong way as the last chapter is "Black". As we see what he's become it's clear it's all just a put-on. It's not him at all. In fact, it's no accident he dresses just like Juan. Appearance matters to him so much he spends a minute combing non existent hair before he goes into a restaurant. He puts up a front and appears tough but the facade crumbles as soon as his friend calls him and when he speaks to his mom.Thus the film is split into three segments of Chiron's life. The first is the introduction to him and what he learns about his place in the world. The second is the moment in his life where he must decide to be either "Black" or "Blue" (Be something he is not and fight back, or stay down and walk away). And the third is his realization, that he is truly "Blue", no matter how "Black" he can pretend to be on the surface (with a goofy mouth grill and bling).Under the Moonlight, on the starlit beach, above the vast cleansing water of the ocean, Chiron can find his true self coming to light.This is one of the more subtle Academy Award Best Picture winners, and it took a few viewings for me to get it. But I think it is worth those repeat viewings to do so.

The first two acts were interesting and well played. I was moved by the simplicity that many people liked about this film.
And then, the last part, which supposed to close the story in a certain way to give it meaning, was just really bad. It was not convincing and it was so cliché. I still can't believe that there weren't better movies to give an Oscar to during that year.
One of the most overrated films I've seen in a long time.

This is a beautifully shot movie. Almost every frame is interesting until the last half hour or so. The director seems to be a natural in that sense. This is definitely not the best movie of the year, but it seems to hit all the right sociopolitical notes to get Oscar attention. The biggest problem is the story. I understand it's a character piece and Chiron is a well developed character--and all three people that play him are excellent.The inner struggle for self discovery is fine for a movie, but unless you're totally invested in the character, it doesn't have the impact the makers are looking for. I think of American Beauty as a great example of this. The heart of the movie was Lester's struggle to rediscover himself. The difference is, he had the two driving forces of his wife and the girl he wanted to bang. This drove the character, and thus the plot. Another, more successful example of this type of story is Hustle and Flow. DJay was struggling to become someone. His passion for music and desire to be a success drove him.This movie needed a stronger plot element to drive the tension. The conflict with the mother was probably the avenue to do this. This element was way underplayed. I understand what they were going for, but they didn't drive it home hard enough. And Ali...he was in the movie for like ten minutes...why did he win for best supporting actor? This is another reason why I think the books were cooked on this movie winning Oscars.

"Moonlight" is a tragic example of a movie receiving too many positive reviews and awards that the viewer is unnecessarily convinced that their experience watching this film will be worthwhile. While the viewer may not feel that completing this film is a tedious and time-consuming task, it is easy to feel as though those two hours spent screening "Moonlight" had been wasted on a film with no truly impactful ending. The film explores a mother's failure to provide her son with the support he needs, a son's search for a role model and guidance, drug use, and exploration of sexuality. Unfortunately, the film failed to come to any meaningful conclusion with any of these topics, as it clearly overreached in its goals. It feels as though this movie had too many goals and in trying to reach them all, it failed to achieve any. "Moonlight" is not the first entertainment media to explore these topics. The tv show "Atlanta", produced by Donald Glover, is an excellent example of entertainment exploring multitudes of struggles experienced by the black community in a unique and enjoyable way. The show takes time to develop relationships, mixes comedy in with its serious themes, and tackles topics that are controversial without completely alienating its viewers, allowing "Atlanta" to leave a lasting impact on its audience. "Moonlight", however, chose to look at these topics in a bland, overused way that leaves the audience wondering "Haven't I seen this before?". There are no truly unique features added to the plot, characters, setting, etc. that separate this film from any other exploring the aforementioned themes.One may compliment "Moonlight" on its fluidity, as the film gradually flows through the timeline of the main character's life without any major action or suspense. It lays out all of the main plot points as they come up. For example, Juan's death is addressed shortly after the start of act II, when Chiron's mother mentions a funeral. The audience is not left wondering where Juan is; there is no buildup of suspense around the sudden disappearance of this character from the film. Unfortunately, this fluid structure is not what a movie like "Moonlight" needs. The movie lacked any real climactic moment, and in a film where such serious topics are addressed, a climax is definitely needed to leave any sort of lasting impact. Another problem that this movie has is in its character development. Very few characters are given time to portray any important character traits that would allow the audience to really care about them. For example, Kevin hardly receives any dialogue throughout the movie, but the audience is expected to care about him and understand Chiron's connection with him. Building a relationship between characters requires both internal and external development. There are clearly examples of internal development, as the viewer sees in the exchanged glances and physical reactions of Kevin and Chiron, however there are hardly any examples of dialogue that provide for external development. The audience experiences a few key exchanges between Chiron and Kevin, but they are not given any supplementary dialogue. It seems that they only speak when the dialogue is meant to provide the audience with important plot points.What this film lacks in supplementary dialogue, it makes up for with an excess of unimportant visuals. An example of this is the part of act I where Juan is teaching Chiron how to swim. Although one may argue that this helps to cement Juan's role as a mentor in Chiron's life, it does not do much to move the plot along and stands out to the viewer when it is never mentioned again. While the ocean will play an important role in acts II and III, swimming does not and the viewer does not see Chiron enter any body of water after this. There is a much better example of development in Chiron and Juan's relationship just moments later, when Juan gives Chiron some money before Chiron returns to his house. This comes up again in act II when Chiron's mother states that she knows Juan and Theresa have been giving him money. These scenes are simple, but they play an important role in tying the movie together. The scene where Chiron is learning to swim does not have this same effect, however, and it feels as though it could have been removed entirely without affecting the plot in any way. In a movie where nearly every line of dialogue is plays a major part in the plot and the overall structure is rooted in fluidity, throwaway scenes like this one stand out even more and severely tarnish the film's continuity."Moonlight" had great potential with its stunning cinematography, beautiful sets, great casting, and righteous intentions, but it failed to utilize these pieces to create a truly impactful film. This movie could have been an important stepping stone for the black community towards getting outsiders to better understand their experiences, but it leaves the audience without any real groundbreaking ending that will have any lasting effect on its viewers.

I actually enjoyed watching this movie, but I still can't see any sense in watching it. What is the point?

I gave this five simply to be neutral but I liked much more than that. I don't give a rats about the Oscar. The obvious undercurrent of racism & and homophobia in the poor reviews is a bit unnerving. They seem to cover it with some comment about the slow pace or quality of the story, acting or dialogue. Film is art asome folks just don't get it. Better to admit that than falsely call something rotten. This film was clearly well crafted in many ways. Maybe not a masterpiece but not crap either.

First time I watched this movie I didn't know what to expect. I really liked the cinematography and music from the start. Actors were also good. This movie did a great job in all those aspects. I didn't know anything about the plot prior and was pretty surprised about him being gay. I just wasn't expecting the movie to go there. Anyways it came as a surprise and I think I didn't enjoy the movie as much because it came about kind of randomly. I ended up watching the movie again later on and this time I really enjoyed it. I noticed all the production a lot more and really loved it. I could also understand his story and struggle a lot more knowing that he was fighting with this from the beginning of the movie. Anyways, the whole production was just beautiful. I understand why this movie did so well. It has nothing to do with them doing something edgy by casting a black gay dude. The whole production was amazing and that's why this movie deserves the awards it got.

"Moonlight" is thought provoking and sincere. It tells deep truths and holds interest throughout. However, it feels empty during some moments when it should really be the most powerful.-Analysis of Notable Work- *Writing/Story/Directing: "Moonlight" starts out strong with the childhood of Little. He starts to learn he is different from others. We see the pain this causes him. We also experience the brokenness of his family; his mom is hardly a mother to him. But some kindhearted people take him and shape his life. He is drawn to them, and this is beautiful. Overtime, Little grows up and prefers to be called by his name, Chiron. His life changes and he figures out who he is a bit more. We really start to connect with Chiron during this part of his life. Then, as we jump into his adulthood, he becomes distant from the story. The film begins to lose its momentum, and we don't get a strong piece of storytelling until the very end. Kevin turns out to be a more developed character in the last third of the movie than Chiron/Black is. Barry Jenkins shows promise as a director. He commands powerful moments and gets the most out of his cast, but I think he has a lot more potential than what the final product ended up being. *Cinematography/Editing: The visual storytelling is a strong suit of this film. James Laxton composes beautiful and powerful images that tap into the emotion of each scene. His use of color is powerful and memorable. There is a constant tone of melancholy and disconnection through the camera angles and movement. In many scenes, we are pushed very close to characters when we see Chiron's point of view, and it leaves us with a feeling of being closed in on and trapped. The depth of field also gives us hints of Chiron's feeling of being disconnected with others. The performances of the actors are placed higher in importance than having fancy camerawork, and that is a strength of this film. The editing adds so much beauty to this film. There are no quick cuts. We take our time focusing on characters and the things going through their minds. The pacing makes this film seem so much more natural and grounded in emotion. Less is more sometimes, and when it comes to editing in this film, they understood that and used it to their advantage. *Dialogue/Acting: Once again, less is more. There were no grand revelations through long monologues or verbiage. The conversations felt sincere and honest. There was power in the smallest of lines because it was coupled with strong performances from the actors. There were not many weak performances throughout the whole film. One of the weakest performances was by Trevante Rhodes. I am not sure whether it was a directorial decision or if Rhodes has a lack of range, but he stayed in the same mood for each scene he was in. Most of the other performances were authentic and powerful. *Music/Sound: The score was subdued but still carried a lot of weight. It was melancholic and beautiful; perfectly reflecting the tone set by the other aspects of the film. The sound design did its job. The most noticeable parts were when sound cut out, revealing to us that Chiron was pushing some of his experiences to the background. *Production Design/Special Effects: The costume and set pieces were beautiful and played a central role in setting up the feeling of the film. There are not many uses of special effects, but the film did not need them. The only instance that required it was the beating of Chiron, and it held up as being relatively realistic. *Conclusion: "Moonlight" is a beautiful film that follows the life of a young black man who struggles to find who he is and what he will become. It is heartbreaking, hopeful, and down to earth.

Moonlight perfectly examples the way people respond to peer pressure and fitting in, in early years as opposed to becoming who they truly are. It's sad to say that in this day that sexuality needs to be something so taboo, but at the same time this film captures many levels of sides to be on. Slow moving, strong, but extremely sensitive at times, the acting was captivating and the story one that puts this film as a reference story.

Loved the story and intertwining of the main character's life told at different ages. Thoughly enjoyed it!

Original and powerful. I especially liked the second act. And as it's often brought up in the same breath as "La La Land", I will say this: "Moonlight" was far more original with a better crafted story, telling the unconventional story of a neglected and otherwise invisible character. Of course "La La Land" was still a very well-made film, but in the end, "Moonlight" was a better choice for Best Picture because twenty years (or however many years) down the line, this will be remembered over "La La Land", a film that is highly stylistic, but lacks substance. Think of how "Chicago" won Best Picture back in 2003, instead of "The Pianist" and the subsequent controversy that followed. This time, the Academy got it right.

The story focuses on three different periods of the life of a gay black man from a tough neighbourhood. These types of films usually have the tendency to come out as propaganda. But I felt that this film was an expression of the "Other." The rhythm of the film is slow, steady and calm. The speed of the film did not interfere with my interest in the story; on the contrary. The way this film was made was in tune with our main character. Some reviewers suggested that there is no character development in the film. I disagree, the way the characters were studied was consistent with Little/Chiron/Black. There are some unnecessary camera movements that seem "for the aesthetics" but I could disregard them for the overall of the film. I can understand why someone would be disappointed with this film, and why someone would love it. I am close to the latter but agree with some points of the former. Without spoiling the experience, one should try and watch the film with empathy for the main character and the world around him. Finally, I have to say Mahershala Ali is a brilliant actor even if we see him for a few minutes.

Low budject but with a lot of heart with 3 different actors playng the troubled child, teenager and then young adult, moonlight simply tells the story of the first two decades of a homosexual black kid from the Miami. The perfomances make the movie all of the "Chiron's" gave me goosebumps and almost make me cry, Mahershala Ali gives a good and solid father figure perfomance but strangely small part, i wasn't expecting him to just be in one third of the movie and Naomi Harris gets the bad mother of the year award. 
Three parts make this movie, the the early years that a child should be protectd from the bad parts of life, the teen years where you discover who you are in this world and finally adultwood where you reflect the path that you are going possibly to the rest of your life, and all of this is mastered perfectly by Barry Jenkins

Seeing metascore of 99 I thought this film would blow me away by its story and powerful emotion but - in reality - I was not really moved by pretty much anything. I do say that the storyline is interesting and that the subject of the film - growing up as a gay black man in not favorable environment - is played very convincingly by all 3 actors and those 3 of Kevin, but ... There was something that just did not click (with me).If we see this one as a gay drama - then Call me by your name is 100 times better in emotion and 'realness'.It did kinda feel slow at the times, but ... all in all, it is a good one.7 from me.

"Moonlight" does it's best to get across this story of self identification, but it just fails to stay interesting. It has ideas of covering themes like drug addiction and bullying and being a social outcast, but it fails to execute any of them fully. There's a message here that I think should be addressed, but better than this. The acting's alright, Ali and Harris are the highlights of the movie, but no one else has any real screen presence, so the scenes just kind of exist. I feel like the movie would've benefited more from focusing on Ali's character, maybe show his internal struggle with selling drugs and the effects it has on a child's life, something like that. I could go into whether or not this "deserved" the Oscars it received, but that'd be kind of a moot point, because Oscars don't determine actual quality in the grand scheme of things. I think had the focus of the film been different, whatever message it decided to stick with would've been executed better, but compared to "Hacksaw Ridge" and "Manchester by the Sea", this doesn't hold a candle. It's just a movie that exists for almost 2 hours without any real plot or thrills or laughs or anything. It's shot well, the supporting cast does an alright job, the themes are good (albeit not executed well), and it ultimately left no real impact on me. A nothing little movie that just barely rises above "meh".

This one reminds me a bit of The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button, where a boy, who is different from the rest of them, tries to find his identity. People mock him, and he really doesn't know what's happening. Unlike The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button, everything doesn't come easily for the boy. The subject matter is real, and we get a very detailed picture of how people who are under these situations feel.Being different kind of sucks, when one's mocked and cannot do anything about it. The central character in this movie, Chiron, suffers from that, and we see him getting beaten up for some things that he really cannot do anything about."At some point you gotta decide for yourself who you gonna be" says Juan, and thus from then on, we see Chiron on a journey of self-discovery. This is what the movie is really about. Fortunately, he's got a few good hearted people in his life, particularly, Juan and Teresa, played by Mahershala Ali and Janelle Monae respectively. They are the only ones who really understand what's going on with him, and they give him constant support, and guide him through his path of self-discovery.Mahershala Ali's and Naomi Harris' performances stand out. There's this one scene, when Chiron confronts him, and Mahershala Ali's acting in that scene is Oscar worthy. The three actors who play Chiron are fantastic in their roles, and the rest of the cast was great as well.As for the technical aspects, Barry Jenkins' direction is mindblowing, and the tension and emotions are captured perfectly. As for the screenplay, it is wonderful, but at times, I really depended on subtitles to understand the DOUBLE NEGATIVES. HAHA.One of the best of 2016, for sure.9/10.

A hard and tempered love story that reminds me of my plants, the euphorbia milii or the crown of thorns. The plant is thorny and robust and bears surprisingly beautiful flowers. With that analogy, the film is a new twist on the gay subject for it is about being an oppressed minority within a community of oppressed minority. Like the plant, you instinctively develop strong protective galvanization to survive the hostile environment but beneath that defensive crown of thorns, love, which is beautiful, but delicate and fragile, it is actually the surprising, the hidden and the toughest champion for it will break through that thorny veneer and bloom if given the slightest opportunity. Superb acting all around especially the actors who played the different stages of Chiron. A most deserving winner.

Growing up in a rough, disadvantaged neighbourhood proves tough for a gay African American boy in this independent drama set across three stages in his life. Described by some as a film in which nothing happens, 'Moonlight' certainly is not for all tastes; it is more of a mood piece than a narrative and given how introverted the protagonist is, the film is more focused on what is left unsaid in each scene. It is an approach that takes a bit of getting used to, but which generally works. Effective casting is a big plus with all three actors playing the protagonist feeling like one and the same despite changing from one stage of his life to the next. Alex R. Hibbert, who plays the protagonist as a boy, is especially well cast with deep and haunting eyes. He also makes a terrific contrast to the actor who plays him as an adult as the film causes us to ponder how we are all essentially the same person at various stages of our lives with our experiences merely shaping us in different ways. Add in intimate camera-work that intrudes on the characters' personal space, an unusual yet potent music score and accentuated audio effects and this is an oddly compelling movie. The somewhat inconclusive ending initially seems a misstep, but it is hard to think of a more fitting end to this probe into a young man's development in a world where he is a minority no matter how he looks at it.

(Flash Review)This is the story of a man in search of who he is while living within a rough and tough environment, which is told through three points during his life; as a boy, teen and adult. The story unfolds poetically through soft-focused visuals and expressions rather than spoon-fed dialog. There are several heartbreaking moments that shaped his life's trajectory with raw acting and feelings. The music score was rather unique and helped punctuate various scenes. Will he be able to fully become who he wants to be? Overall, the tale was told in a non- conventional manner which allows atmosphere to help guide the viewers understanding.

Chiron is an African-American child, growing up in Miami. Neglected by his mother, he is effectively raised by a drug-dealer, Juan, and his girlfriend, Teresa. Due to his passive ways he is often a target for bullies. Onto his teenage years and the bullying continues. All this time he has one true friend - Kevin - and the relationship between Chiron and Kevin ultimately forms the spine of the story.Good drama about growing up, the relationships we form and how these are carried over into adult life. More specifically, the experience of a gay African-American child, the issues faced in growing up and how this shapes his life and relationships.A bit underwhelming though, especially considering that this movie won the 2017 Best Picture Oscar. The themes don't feel fully formed, leaving the movie feeling not overly profound. Ending is quite anticlimactic, when it should have been very emotional.The main problem is that writer-director Barry Jenkins concentrates more on the bigger picture, and fitting as much of Chiron's history into a certain amount of time. More character and relationship details were needed. A slower progression was in order - the first two periods of Chiron's life seems rushed and we are just fed the story without having time to contemplate on it. Not often I say this: the movie needed to be longer, about 30 minutes longer.This all said, the story is original and engaging. It is never dull - as mentioned, if anything, it moves too quickly. It just needed more substance.

In the bonus segment of the DVD of "Moonlight," it becomes apparent that writer-director Barry Jenkins was the true star of this brilliant independent film.Jenkins' choices in casting and his work with the actors paid dividends in an ambitious chronicle of the life of a young man named Chiron. The challenge of the film was to dramatize the life of Chiron at ages 11, 17, and 25. Three actors were cast, and they never rehearsed or saw film footage of the other performers' interpretation of the role. Somehow, Jenkins made this biographical drama a seamless one as fourteen years passed.Beyond the technical challenges of the film, there was the challenge of developing many themes around the conceit of "coming of age" for the young man. Themes of crime, drug use, family dysfunction, violence at school, and sexual identity were woven together in the narrative. Once again, the multi-faceted issues were deftly handled by director Jenkins.The ensemble cast of "Moonlight" was stellar. But the standout performance was that of Mahershala Ali, who played the role of Juan, a drug dealer in Miami. Juan takes the eleven-year-old protagonist under his wing to provide both parental and spiritual direction in his life.In the closing section of the film, it is clear that Chiron was superficially modeling his life on the souped-up classic vehicle driven by Juan. Somehow, he found a similar, wide-bodied vehicle. But, on a deeper internal level, the positive guidance provided by Juan was having a long-term effect on the young man. While the film's ending may be ambivalent about Chiron's future, it does appear that Chiron had connected with the soulful expression of Juan that might prove to be a turning point in shaping the next chapter of his life not addressed in the film.

This was one of the most affecting movies I have seen in years. I'm so surprised to see such poor reviews of this film from users. I found myself riveted by the writing, directing and performances from the first scene to the last. This is a story that doesn't get told - at least not in American cinema. The performances are top notch, every single one. Yes, Ali and Harris deserve the attention they have been given. But all three actors portraying Little/Chiron/Black are also top notch. Jenkins shows such care to link these performances because you really feel that it's the same boy growing up in all three chapters. Directing-wise, I find it so refreshing to see a camera linger on an actor to show their behavior (character is behavior). You witness our protagonist nervously watch his aggressors from afar, see him prepare a bath alone in his home and brush his hair in anticipation of reuniting with an old friend. And because you see this in real human time, you identify in a way that you might not had it been quickly edited or explained to you.This is such an important film that raises questions about identity, parenting, child/parent archetypes, definitions of masculinity, education, community, belonging, responsibility, addiction and youth development. And it does so without ever becoming an issue film. It is ultimately a portrait of a young man surviving in his own skin, in need of love and discovering it where you might not expect to find it. There is a lot of pain in this film and it will leave the viewer with a lot of questions to chew on, but it is full of heart and beauty. One of the most deserving best picture winners in recent years.

I feel compelled to write a review after reading the first page of the reviews which were all portraying Moonlight negatively. I was very impressed with this movie and teared up several times. The main character, throughout his life, is shown as a child that has been forgotten and left out, left behind. But we see as he grows up, whatever his tough exterior, he is a sensitive boy at heart. It is stereotype vs. real. And this movie was based on real experiences, I had heard an interview with the creators on the radio. It highlights painful epidemics in the black community and puts a face to them. I watched Manchester by the Sea the day before (in an attempt to watch some Oscar picks), and found myself much more connected and emotionally invested in Moonlight. I highly recommend!

I can see why Moonlight is seen as one of the best movies in 2016. All performances were exquisite and it is so thought-provoking. It addresses race, sexual orientation, family, and so much more. And it does that in an intrinsic manner through this young boy who is trying to figure out who he is. These issues are approached subtly because this is all about Chiron finding who he is. And it is this level of subtlety – which is not just present in the main character's story but those around him – that makes this movie stand out.All three actors who played Chiron were stellar but the teenager one took things to a whole new level. He conveyed a level of emotion that I did not get from the other two and I really felt for him.The music enveloped me in the narrative, making me shiver on a couple of occasions, and all the play on sound was amazing, like the time when Chiron was at the principal's office and her voice progressively faded away.The camera work was stupendous. The way some scenes were filmed made them more genuine and the lyrical tone of some of them was just beautiful.This is heatbreakingly realistic too. I am sure stuff like this happens everyday.The film dragged on a bit at times, and the highlights are definitely the first two stages – child and teenager. Once we get to adult Chiron everything that happened felt quite purposeless. I kept waiting for something meaningful to happen that would wrap up the story nicely but that was not the case.Also, some things did not add up, like Chiron's backpack being obviously brand new and he is always so clean despite his living conditions and his mother's neglect.It is still an amazing movie and I highly recommend it.

Barry Jenkins hasn't made many movies, and this soars far and high above all others. He breaks your heart with each perfectly choreographed shot, brilliant cinematography, and revolutionary acting by a supreme all-black cast. He breaks down society to the roughest of the rough, piling on realistic and gritty conflicts. But by far the most tragic part of "Moonlight" is that it could easily be a true story. All the things that 'Chiron' goes through could have easily been anybody's legacy. It is a "Schindler's List:" a movie that makes you cry your eyes out at the perilous things in the life of the main characters, and is a great movie for any mature individual. The film is an accurate representation of the underground experiences that occur in society, and the obstacles that come along with it.I HIGHLY recommend "Moonlight." A+

Juan tells "Little" Chiron that a little old lady nicknamed him Blue when she saw him among other boys fishing in the moonlight: "Running around, fishing in a boat of light. In moonlight, black boys look blue. You're blue. That's what I'm gonna call you: 'Blue'."But Juan rejects that name. He won't be Blue. "At some point, you gotta decide for yourself who you're going to be. Can't let nobody make that decision for you." Ironically, Juan refuses to be identified with a colour. But his life leads him into a Black stereotype nonetheless: the flashy drug dealer. The film's focus on black alienation and disenfranchisement makes the film seem like a parallel universe that occasionally intersects with ours. White characters are few and emblematic: a cop, the obese customers in Kevin's greasy spoon, where the American flags are the only sign of America's ideals, and ineffectual at that. In that key restaurant scene where Chiron and Kevin reconnect, the white customers act as if the blacks were invisible. Kevin treats his customers graciously — with no response whatsoever. One white man sits alone as if in his own bubble, not responding to anything, as bleak an existence as the blacks'. The very setting of the restaurant evokes the civil rights struggle, where a black man at a counter was a challenge to the social "order." When Chiron enters he checks out the scene, then sits at the counter. Kevin moves him to a booth for his personal service. As a barometer of the African American's place today the film reveals the races in desolate isolation from each other. Chiron and Kevin both pass through prison. But vertical bars are a constant motif in all the interiors, the houses, the school. Even the outside world is the black man's prison. Food is another motif that unites the three stages in Chiron's growth — the community and love expressed in cooking: the meals Juan and Teresa give the boy starved for affection; the meal the adult Kevin makes for the grown Chiron, rekindling their lost and furtive intimacy and love. In the intervening food scene, set in the school cafeteria, Chiron is fragile and alone and the brute Terrell prepares young Kevin to assault Chiron.But the reticent Chiron is not himself until he drops his pretence to casualness. He tells Kevin he hasn't touched or been touched by any other man but Kevin. The touching is emotional as well as physical. Now the massively muscled Chiron and the warm, generous Kevin finally find grace in each other's arms. This blues song ends happily.Significantly, the two men's tenderness happens in Kevin's rental near the water. Water scenes mark key turning points in Chiron's life, mobilizing its association with the subconscious and the origin of life. Juan slips into a fatherly role when he teaches young Chiron to swim, to keep his head above water and advance. His sexual initiation by Kevin happens over a joint at oceanside.Perhaps the film's dominant theme is the mystery of manliness. In his boyhood Chiron doesn't have a father, just a druggie mom bringing in strangers. Juan becomes his surrogate father. Though Juan would determine his identity for himself, rejecting the Blue nickname, he breaks down when Little Chiron rejects him: "Do you sell drugs?" We don't see Juan again after he weeps at Chiron's rejection. The teenage Chiron finds refuge in Teresa's house, not Juan's. She only refers to him when she recalls him giving the boy gin. When he's neither mentioned nor seen again we infer Juan is another of those disappearing dads, perhaps a casualty of his drug trade. Juan has broken his promise: "Never let you go."Juan's influence is clear when we meet the adult Chiron as Black, his nickname an echo of Juan's rejected Blue. Chiron has grown into a Juan lookalike with his powerful build, the result of his jail time, his drug dealing empire, the black bandana, the diamond ear-rings and golden chains and silver teeth. At that vulgar flash many whites tend to sneer — but it's not unlike Donald Trump's golden furniture and guilt-edged estate. Chiron has to remove the silver teeth to eat Kevin's meal. The flash fails to nourish. Chiron's essential choice is between the Juan's flash and Kevin's tenderness.Juan seems sensitive to Little Chiron's nature when the boy asks what a faggot is and if he might be one. "A faggot is a word used to make gay people feel bad." Chiron will only later learn he is one. In the school scenes Terrell and others bully Chiron mercilessly because they read his "softness" as a lack of manliness. Young Kevin has learned to play the game, so he flaunts his hetero success to explain a detention and however reluctantly obeys Terrell's orders to beat up Chiron. This after they've had sex. The film's climactic manliness is the tenderness when Kevin and Chiron meet again.

Moonlight is going to be Best Picture of 2016 and Best Sound and Best Score and Best Cinematography and several Best Actor and several Best Supporting Actor and Best Screenplay and Best Director-- what am I leaving out? It is a movie filled with HEART-- as perfect as a movie can be. It's a movie to watch six times and discover ever more depths than the last viewing.As Best Picture, the Academy will make up for repeated slights dealt over and over again against two communities.Everyone knows that Brokeback Mountain was and is far superior to Crash (who even remembers it?), but the implicit bias against LGBTQs disqualified it.The Academy has shown its implicit bias against Blacks so many times I've lost count.The Academy can embrace two birds with one Best Picture statuette. And the more Oscars the better. They are all well-deserved.Moonlight. Overcome your own implicit biases and see it, my cinema friends! You'll be better people for it. And we'll arc toward a better, more inclusive, society.(Plus it'll make the racist/homophobic Trump-Pence administration choke.)

This is one of the most stunning movies I have ever seen. Really well-made and brilliantly acted. The characters are all so well-developed that you ache for all of them. The mother makes horrible decisions which make life hell for her son, yet you find yourself empathizing with her, too. And when a drug seller shows the boy attention that the boy badly needs, you see that he is a beautiful soul in spite of his drug sales. It's a very complex group of characters, and you really feel the pain of the boy as he struggles to survive. I think at least 5 actors in this movie merit Oscar nominations. The acting really is extraordinary. This is not an action film, but there is some very real violence between teenage boys. It is quieter than most American movies, and more intense.

An excellent example of what a cinematic experience should be. For a movie to inspire, captivate and satisfy is an accomplishment and Moonlight delivers.An intimate story of struggle for a young boy growing up in borderline destitution with a drug addicted mother, without a father figure, bullying and if it wasn't enough -- the challenge of discovering his sexuality in being gay.Moonlight is presented to it's audience in three gripping acts; childhood, adolescence and becoming an adult with each being as fascinating and poignant as the next.The direction by Barry Jenkins combined with James Laxton's gorgeous cinematography makes for an immersive and fulfilling cinematic memory that are sure to be recognized for their accomplishments.

Barry Jenkins and James Laxton gave a fantastic cinematographic look to this film, a beautiful dance of different compositions, and camera movements to bring life to this fascinating story. Really happy to spend my Sunday night watching this lovely film, and inspiration to many... Where love is all matter... Love the beach scene and how closed you could feel their feelings and the amazing execution of the different shots, the bokeh in the back absolutely gorgeous. This story inspire me in many ways of my life to keep fighting harder every day, because we all human beings and we all deserve to be treat and respected. I have strong feelings this movie will make it very far and hope to see it at The Academy Awards too.

This movie is highly timely, interesting, very real and relatable. I was lucky enough to see this in the theater, however, it was absolutely empty the showtime I went to...which was thoroughly surprising.My husband and I were personally able to relate to the struggles of these characters. While I felt at times the storytelling itself was formulaic and the writing and dialogue could have been improved, the heart of the story, the characters, and the overall work made it a very special film. My feelings though that if it's not playing near you, just wait for it to hit ondemand. This is prime Oscar bait. But the story is so relatable and real that I applaud the filmmaker. This is a story that the world needs. The director could be better though.

This movie is a really great movie. It is what film should aspire to be: well written, perfectly acted and the directing was spot on. This film told a story and set a mood that brought the viewer along for the ride.The story was told in 3 parts and each part was done so well that it made the transitions seamless. It was very easy to follow as the transitions happened and each actor brought something new and compelling to the story. I was left wanting more from each thread of the story and was really taken in immediately.The music in this movie was also amazing. It really helped to tell the story and added another layer or intoxication to the film and it made each complicated, but subtle moment of this story all the more engaging.

Chiron is a black man and a homosexual.He is different than the other humans.As a black man,he isn't passionate.Because he's acts,let him got bully.Some people put black people down with racism.Chiron got bully because he is a homosexual.I think it is ironic to me.Humans are selfish.In part 3,Chiron become black.His body,acts,....... It makes him like Cottonmouth(x)Juan(o).HE is not himself.Because of the environment,most people become "what the world want they to do."Black's life have only one friend.Also his lover.He won't let someone touch him except Kev.Black is alone in his whole life.He fight with world by himself.Just a man,he cares him very much.He became shy and confused when he talk with Kev.This movie isn't point out emphatically what is true or false.It just says a man is alone.A letter to the people who are alone.

Everyone has a pretty good idea about life in an American black ghetto, even without ever having been in one. That's because there are so many television series, films and songs about ghetto life. And usually, they paint the same picture: crime, drugs, rap music, baggy pants, gold chains, single mothers, machismo.The good thing about 'Moonlight' is that it paints a different picture. Sure, the usual stuff is there. Drugs are being dealt, rap music is played, there is a single mother. But there are other things as well. Things you wouldn't expect in a ghetto. Compassion, tenderness, vulnerability, and gay teenagers.Most of all, the film is about identity. Chiron, the main character, seems to be the victim of his background. He has to be tough in order to survive, first at school and later on the streets, although he really is shy and soft. Moreover, by being tough he is unable to acknowledge his own sexual orientation. The result is a troubled childhood, problems at school and an almost inevitable career in drugs dealing. These life stages are shown in three separate chapters, in which Chiron is played by different actors, showing him as a child, a teenager and an adult.This three chapter structure is executed flawlessly by director Barry Jenkins. In each chapter aspects of Chiron's life return: the relation to his mother, his friendship with Kevin, and the life lessons he receives from drugs dealer Juan and his girlfriend Teresa.'Moonlight' is a film about following your own path, and not accepting what seems inevitable. Maybe even about individuality as opposed to conformity. That message is now more important than ever.

Barry Jenkins as writer and director has created a film which is as much poetry as cinema. Based on the play "In Moonlight Black Boys look Blue", it takes the story of Chiron, a young black boy and captures his life in three chapters: boy, teenager, man. The film resonates because it is a subtle dance – Jenkins plays with convention by portraying a quite cliché plot line and then subverting it at every angle. In many ways the story is old hat: young boy grows up in a drug affected household and struggles with the environment which attacks him at every turn. The film has many layers and the exploration of Chiron's growing realisation that he is different whether that is being gay or maybe just a quieter mode of maleness against a sea of testosterone. This theme of maleness is examined in many ways both in what it is to be a man but also WHEN. Time is a relentless stalker and observes in the background as the characters scramble for a purchase in their own stories. But, oh everything is in the telling. Jenkins uses his camera as if it is also a character – always there, seeing everything but not objective: it subjectively is choosing stories to tell even if centred on Chiron. It is rare to so highly praise cinematography when the film is set in a modern urban environment but this is the exception. Throughout the film, Jenkins is using colour and lighting as a grammar to highlight the character and tone of the scene. All directors do this but rarely does it elevate the material. The ensemble is brilliant across the board. And that includes three versions of Chiron and Kevin to reflect their stages of boyhood. It is very hard to pinpoint any performances because they are so authentic but if I had to pick one it would be Mahershala Ali as Juan. He so dominates the screen whenever he is in the film because he is playing a caring person. Think back when you last saw a young black man portrayed as empathetic who was not a teacher or related vocation. It is jarring as you keep waiting for some ominous subtext to emerge. Moonlight is a beautiful piece of cinema which might have the unfortunate criticism that by subverting its own story, sometimes the film suffers: the viewer is waiting for the next plot point but in a poem it is all about the film language and the emotion of the image.

"Moonlight" arrives garlanded with prizes. It is, I am reliably told, the movie most likely to give "La La Land" a run for its money at this year's Oscars and a very fine movie, perhaps even a great movie, it is, too so why am I surprised at its success? Because "Moonlight" is not really a commercial film; it's an art-house movie that has crossed over into the mainstream, bolstered I have no doubt by the controversy over diversity. A year ago it might have slipped under the radar.It seems to me a deeply personal movie. I know nothing of the history of its writer/director Barry Jenkins but surely, I kept asking myself, there must be some element of autobiography at play here. It is the story of one man through three stages in his life; boyhood, his teenage years and as a man in his thirties and he is played, quite magnificently and seamlessly by three actors, (Alex Hibbert, Ashton Sanders and Trevante Rhodes), through each chapter in his life. He is African-American and he is gay, though he never really acts on his sexuality so you can't say the picture 'accurately' reflects what it's like to be black and gay in America today.Perhaps a more accurate title would have been 'One Boy's Story' and on this level it works beautifully. This is an extraordinarily empathetic study and it's deeply moving. It's also a love story, a gay one I admit, yet almost totally devoid of sexual contact. Chiron, who is the central character, is in love with his best friend Kevin, who loves him back but in the macho world of African-American male culture, where your race and skin colour rather than your sexuality determine your path in life and the choices you make, neither boy is free to act on their feelings. Crime, violence and drug use seems to be the mark of a man if you're not white; even the sympathetic adult Juan, (a superb Mahershala Ali), who takes the boy under his wing, is a drug pusher and even with a drug addict for a mother, (an equally superb Naomie Harris), this is the path Chiron finally chooses for himself.On some levels, of course, this is a deeply depressing picture. There is little in the way of social uplift to be found. What it does have, however, is a depth of feeling that is overwhelming. Love, it would seem, conquers all if you are prepared to work at it and to wait. I came away from this film feeling hopeful, for Chiron, for Barry Jenkins and for cinema in general.

Three chapters in a young Miami man's life at ten, sixteen, and twenty-five years of age. We witness his emotional growth, the collapse of his home life, his friendship with one particular classmate, and his growing awareness of his sexuality. Barry Jenkins' "Moonlight" is an extraordinary film that follows this path to give us an incredibly powerful glimpse into an African-American man's life over a decade and a half.The first chapter ("Little") tells us the story of ten year old Chiron (Alex R. Hibbert). We see him bullied by his schoolmates, and rescued after a fashion by Jean (Mahershala Ali), a local drug dealer, and his girlfriend Theresa (Janelle Monae). As this relationship develops, his mother (Naomie Harris) struggles to make ends meet for both of them, while battling her own growing addition to crack. Meanwhile, a third key relationship develops with schoolmate Kevin. The next chapter ("Chiron") sees the protagonist at sixteen (Ashton Sanders), as his shy personality and lanky frame continues to make him the target of schoolyard toughs, while his mother's downward spiral continues, and his relationship with Kevin (Jharrel Jerome) takes more than one unexpected turn. The final chapter ("Black") flashes forward almost ten years, as Chiron (Trevante Rhodes) is now living in Atlanta, and his life has taken a believable, though hardly inevitable, turn; he's now trying to seek some peace of mind in his relationship with his mother and with Kevin (Andre Holland).Every moment of Jenkins's screenplay rings absolutely true, presenting a realistic and powerful series of vignettes about Chiron's life. Reminiscent of Truffaut's "The 400 Blows" (to which Jenkins gives a knowing tip of the hat), Jenkins is careful to inject not only the negative elements of Chiron's life, but also the small positive notes and setting a fully rounded picture of his day-to-day existence. Each of the three actors playing Chiron help to fill out that picture, creating a remarkable continuity of character throughout the three stages of his life, and each masterfully plays off of the script, which so effectively uses indirect dialogue that Chiron's internal struggles resonate directly with the audience. Indeed, Rhodes' final series of scenes with Holland exquisitely use this type of indirect dialogue to give the audience that sad but knowing sense of paths that might have been -- but weren't -- taken, and the need to move on all the same.The supporting cast is equally well-rounded. Harris, Ali and Monae are absolutely superb, taking characters that could easily be stereotyped and giving them layers and shadings that we can readily see manifesting in Chiron's character as he grows. It's almost as if the film shows us the making of a man as if he were a sculpture, and we can almost see the clay as it is applied and molded, with each person we see touching his life leaving their own mark.The film is also beautifully shot, contrasting the sharp and defined colors of Chiron's day to day life with the serene and dreamy blue filtering in the scenes on the beach -- Chiron's escape from the hell of his day-to-day world. The last shot is a universal one -- we've all thought about at one time or another about how we got where we are, and where will our choices take us. It is a final, haunting image that sticks with the viewer, one that makes us see our own lives through the life of someone most of us would never think twice about.If not the best picture of the year, "Moonlight" is pretty damn close.

The holiday dry spell of movies worth watching is officially over. Lots of good films filling the theaters. I'm glad we caught Moonlight, written and directed by Barry Jenkins (III) before it faded, though maybe it will be around longer now with the Oscar Best Picture nomination. I'd seen the preview and came away asking myself, what the heck is this movie about?, instead of my usual, why did they give away so much of the story?!! Immediately I was persuaded to see it, though, upon learning the play it's based on was written by Tarell Alvin McCraney, whose Brothers Size plays were so powerful on the McCarter Theatre stage a couple of seasons ago. Whatever it was about, I knew it would be worth watching. Brian Tallerico for RogerEbert.com calls it "one of the essential American films of 2016." In some ways it reminds me of modern (30 under 30) fiction-writing. A bit of disjointedness and a big dose of grit are part of the package. We see protagonist Chiron (pronounced Shih-RONE) at age 10 or so (Alex Hibbert), as a high school student (Ashton Sanders) negotiating tricky teenage waters in a violent environment, and finally as a young adult (Trevante Rhodes), struggling with his sexuality. While he in some ways advances, becoming more physically powerful, if still emotionally fragile, his mother (Naomie Harris) succumbs to her addictions and her sentimentality. His one lifelong friend Kevin (André Holland) cannot be the lifeline he needs. As Mara Reinstein says in US Weekly, the movie "touches on themes of race, sexuality and isolation in ways that are rarely depicted in cinema." A late scene with the adult Chiron and his mother, says so little in words and so much in feeling that it feels like a documentary. It doesn't seem like actors reading lines; it's real people struggling to connect. The actors playing Chiron at all three ages do a stellar job. Two actors recently in very different parts in Hidden Figures appear again here: Mahershala Ali as the young Chiron's drug dealer mentor and Janelle Monáe as his girlfriend. Various artistic touches distinguish this film, reminding you it is a deliberately created thing. Parts of it are filmed with such super-saturated tropical heat that the stills would be like artworks in themselves. McCraney and Jenkins both grew up in Miami's Liberty Square area, and the film carries the strength of their grip on its realities.

Tremendously wary on words and even more on emotions, Moonlight is nonetheless powerful on message - not the originality of the story in itself but rather how Jenkins chooses to shoot, photograph and score the complex story of Chiron as a youngster, a teenager and an adult.Served by powerhouse performances of all three actors that embody Chiron - perfectly maintaining the exceptionally contained physical and emotional coherence of a character dealing with physical and emotional abuse as well as homosexual repression - as well as Harris' dysfunctional mother figure, Moonlight is the kind of film that soars not only but especially because of the total commitment and exertion of its actors.

Light in Moonlight is beautiful, so striking that it seems to tell its own storywhich at times was necessary when sound and motion would take a hiatus from storytelling. This art-house Oscar hopeful had its fair share of dramatic stares, water metaphors, and violin music, but it also told a resonating story about a young man's relationship with himself. The film dealt with his relationship with a local drug dealer, his mother, and other boys, but what was constant was an introspective window at "Little", "Chiron", and "Black" – names that also serve as chapter titles for the film.The Take: We're not movie critics, but we might be better. https://twitter.com/thetaketweets http://filmtake.tumblr.com/

Well I think this is a superb film. There is great economy with the script and the directing but a great deal is communicated about why we humans are so often behave in ways that are disappointing.The main character, played by three actors as he ages, is a man of little words but rather wonderfully he does say exactly what needs to be said at a couple of key moments.There isn't really a clear good and bad in the film, the bad characters are so because they are frightened people and his is so true of life. The film communicates this so much better than I have.The directing is for the most part really exceptional. We move through the story in such an efficient and elegant way. Actually the directing is really rather stylish, but it stays out of the way of the story telling so you don't really notice it.From some of the reviews you might think that the film is depressing, but it is not. This is essentially an optimistic film as I think you'll find.

A powerhouse of raw emotions that's handled with care, shot with compassion & told with composure, Moonlight is a riveting character study that covers the themes of identity, masculinity & sexuality in a highly authentic manner, happens to have an in-depth understanding of its subject matter, and presents it with absolute honesty to deliver a timeless tale that resonates on a personal level.Moonlight chronicles a young black man's struggle to find himself and is told in three stages, each capturing a defining event in his life. In the first segment, he's introduced as a shy & withdrawn kid who finds solace in the company of a drug dealer. The next part covers his stint with love & heartbreak in high-school, while the final act finds him with a tougher exterior yet carrying the same fragility beneath.Written & directed by Barry Jenkins, Moonlight takes ample space & time to shape up its character and expertly utilizes the peripheral elements to add more flesh to his arc. The three-act structure helps in keeping the narrative focused but the space between each segment still leaves a void of its own. Also, while the supporting characters have defining attributes, the main character is more of an empty shell.The technical aspects are finely executed, as Jenkins experiments with different camera angles & colour grading techniques to provide a distinct look n feel to the final print. Editing allows the plot to unfold at an unhurried pace but there are instances when a few sequences overstay their welcome. And lastly, the background score is always in sync with its unraveling plot and silently uplifts the whole experience.Coming to the performances, each one of the three actors playing the leading part leave a lasting impression, for Alex Hibbert & Ashton Sanders express Chiron's suppressed emotions with precision while Trevante Rhodes takes it a step further by perfectly demonstrating a longing soul beneath his sturdy persona. Mahershala Ali chips in with a strong input but isn't around for long, while Naomie Harris renders her character brilliantly.On an overall scale, Moonlight is undeniably an emotionally absorbing & powerfully moving cinema that's all the more strengthened by muscular performances from its cast and skillful execution from its filmmaker. While I'm not as enamoured by it as everyone else seems to be, I do admire what it translates on the silver screen. All in all, Barry Jenkins' sophomore effort makes up for a sensory experience that will reverberate most with those who can relate to it. Definitely worth your time & money. Don't miss it.

Moonlight is a film of great depth, concerning a gay black boy, teen, and man. The plot centers around a character that goes by three different names in three different eras of his life. The three different names are also, coincidentally, the three parts of the film. As a youth, it's obvious Little (played by Alex R. Hibbert) is a little different from other kids. He's bullied by the other kids at school. He likes to take hot baths. His crack head mother calls him a faggot and is far too aware of the way her son walks. Luckily for Little, Juan, a drug dealer, (played by Mahershala Ali) takes him under his wing, protecting him and mentoring him, telling him that "no no, you could be gay, but don't let nobody call you a faggot." Moonlight is a film filled with beautiful cinematography and music. Two great scenes occur in part one of the film. The first scene involves a sport played in the neighborhood played with a ball made out of newspaper. The kids in the neighborhood take this ball and run with it. The game is almost a mixture of soccer and rugby, and highlights the poverty of Little's life. Little first meets Kevin in this scene as well, (played by Jaden Piner in pt 1), a boy that will play an important part in his life throughout the film. There's also a scene where Little's mentor floats him in the ocean and teaches him how to swim. Both scenes are amazingly shot and have classical music playing throughout. These scenes are just a day in the life of Little, a confused boy trying to find himself. Little is still too young to truly know himself in part one, but as he transitions into being a teen in part two he has an experience he will never forget. He has a moment with another teenage boy on the beach, finding out that he is sexually into, at the very least, getting jerked off by Kevin from part 1, (now played by Jharrel Jerome in pt. 2), and feeling how good the Miami breeze can feel. As a teen Little, now known as Black (played by Ashton Sanders), is still bullied. Black still deals with his mother on the regular, but she now exploits him for cash to buy more crack. Black gets beat up and starts to find out he's into different things than most of the straight boys. In part three Black is still Black in part three (now played by Trevante Rhodes), and is getting buff and mean looking. He has some grills in his mouth and a chain around his neck. He now sells drugs in Atlanta, similar to his early mentor Juan from part 1. In part three Black receives a call from Kevin (now played by Andre Holland) inviting him to dinner back in Miami. Kevin visits his mother in rehab and has a moment, and then goes to meet Kevin in Miami. Black and Kevin end up hanging out and having dinner, drinking, and going back to Kevin's place. Black explains to Kevin that he's never been with anybody since the time on the beach so many years ago with Kevin. The film ends with a tender moment of the two more or less cuddling. Moonlight is a film of personal development and personal discovery. Little, Black, Chiron, whatever he is called throughout his years, is a man trying to discover why he's different from others. His issues are only exacerbated by the fact that he's poor and has a crack head mother. He is part of two oppressed groups, gays and black people. Even though he ends the film as a drug dealer, I couldn't help but feel he finally truly understood himself at the end of the film. He is a tough gangster, but he loves Kevin. Moonlight leaves you wondering what ends up happening to Chiron and Kevin, hoping they make it and can just chill and enjoy each other.

Moonlight features one of the best ensemble performances of recent years. Although Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris are being singled out, almost every actor's work here achieves excellence. They all unite to bring a reality to these characters and the story.Barry Jenkins' direction visually captures the world and internal feelings of Chiron in each episode. His screenplay, however, hits some artificial notes that can sometimes take the audience out of the reality that has been established. One such moment occurs in a dinner conversation between Chiron and his mentor Juan, a local drug dealer who becomes involved with Chiron's well-being. Juan, on a few occasions, gives these sort of speeches and words of wisdom that are too conveniently apt in regards to the overarching purpose of the story. This and some similarly contrived situations of the script contrast with the very real performances and atmosphere of the film.Even with these faults, the film is able to transport us into this world and make us care about all the people who inhabit it. It has several powerful moments, both subtle and forceful that will make you feel you are watching something very real and personal. That, ultimately, is what makes this a solid achievement.***/**** - Solid Film

Moonlight to me, was one of the best movies of the year. It is a very visual movie that true fans of film will surely appreciate, but it's story is compelling enough to make sure everyone is able to follow the story. The story is about a young homosexual black man and his constant search for himself. He finds inspiration on who he should be through drug dealers, bullies, and friends. It is interesting that the person he pushes away the most is his mother, who is addicted to the same drugs that Chiron's mentor sells. The movie is divided into three different sections, each one he explores a different idea of himself. In the end he becomes what his community stereotypes so much and what he vilified before. Moonlight had to one of those movies that was able to say a lot without dialogue. It gave a feeling of nostalgia through it uses sound and color. It makes you ask how many people have been shunned from our society and may have just fallen into a stereotype because they had no where else to go? The search for one's self is something everyone goes through, and here in Moonlight, it is beautifully displayed.

. . . that White House Resident-Elect Donald J. Duck's description of Inner-City Black Ghetto America as being, quote, "A disaster; they have nothing; it just sad, so sad," unquote, could not be more WRONG. When Chiron, aka Little, aka, Black, finally gives in to the temptation to play musical chairs at his high school, you'll surely stand up and cheer, as did the vast majority of my 99%-White Theater Audience. Speaking of Whites, there are absolutely NO European-American speaking parts in MOONLIGHT, which is the main reason that it is the Prohibitive Favorite to snag this year's Top Oscar, according to Oscarssoblack. Brad Pitt, as an executive producer, seems to be about the only Pale-face connected to MOONLIGHT (but now that he's dumped his baby mom Angelina Jolie, Bill Clinton has welcomed Brad into his Blacks Like Me Club). Some Myopic Folks might accuse MOONLIGHT of being rife with Product Placement for Rosetta Stone's latest edition of Eubonics material, or for jumping onto the All-Gay, Every Day Bandwagon, but such Deplorable Quibblers are probably just Trumpsters.

Films are interesting when you can tell a story that stays with you. Writer/Director Barry Jenkins its it home with "Moonlight," an intimate indie film that reaches the grounds of quality filmmaking and powerful storytelling. Perhaps the darkest coming of age film in years, "Moonlight" follows Chiron, a person from a rough upbringing in the streets of Miami. We follow three stages of his life, one as a child, the second as a teenager, and the third as a grown man. Through various hardships and relationships with others, we see a character so real and so engaging. Following the life of this man is an emotional journey, his life accompanied with fantastic cinematography and editing. Jenkins crafts a film so intimate and in your face that the film sticks with you. We have a powerful story that is portrayed so beautifully and artistically, a rare gift in cinema. "Moonlight" is without question a work of art, a classic American film that everyone deserves to see.

I found this movie to be poignant, painful, and heartbreaking. All of the acting is stellar and genuine. I found the performances of Mahershala Ali and Alex Hibbert to be particularly stunning. The swimming scene with Juan and the young Chiron is particularly moving, sweet and heartfelt. The movie conveys the complexity of human nature -- how a person can be kind and caring, yet sell harmful drugs or how another character can show compassion toward his bullied friend but collude with the lowlife bullies. The bullying scenes wiped me out emotionally and I left the theater filled with melancholy. On the other hand, I somehow I felt hopeful after watching this movie and that feeling has stayed with me overall when I reflect back on the film.

(RATING: ☆☆☆☆½ out of 5)THIS FILM IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. IN BRIEF: Excellent acting fills in some plot holes in a coming-of-age story.GRADE: B+ SYNOPSIS: A child grows up in a harsh world and learns to survive.JIM'S REVIEW: A young black boy grows up in Barry Jenkin's fine film, Moonlight, a thought- provoking character study about a child growing up poor and gay. The episodic structure of the film focuses on the various passages of a boy's life. We sadly watch his troubling initiations into adulthood, told in three acts. In the first chapter we meet Little (Alex Hibbert), a reedy slip of a boy, stooped over and afraid to relate to anyone. Alone, downcast and rejected, he is a survivor. His life consists of a mother (Naomie Harris) addicted to crack, no father, a close friend named Kevin (Jaden Piner), and a drug dealer named Juan (Mahershala Ali) who becomes his temporary guardian. The odds are stacked against him from the start.In the second chapter, we see him as a teenager, now called Chiron (Ashton Sanders). Still friendly with his buddy, Kevin (Jharrel Jerome), he continually battles homophobia, hate, and the mean streets of Miami with varying results.The final section of the film takes us to his late adolescence. Renamed Black (Trevante Rhodes), this boy is a man now. Toughen and savvy, he walks the streets as his turf and continues to exist as a solitary stranger to most he comes in contact with, yearning for a human connection.The events imposed on this child as he goes through life are startling and make the film more profound. Seeing his limited choices for success remaining so far out of reach is powerfully rendered. Little / Chiron / Black is a perpetual victim and we watch his humanity slowly eclipsed by drugs, poverty, and crime. It is all the more effective due to the director's sensitive handling of his subject and the fine ensemble of actors he has assembled.Moonlight spans a number of years but its narrative structure seems to skip some major plot strands in this script adaptation, also by Mr. Jenkins. Essential changes in characters and their situations are stated but not clearly explained. Characters tend to come and go without any conclusion. The moviegoer is expected to fill in the plot holes and needs to contribute to the leaps of logic that are abruptly shown, especially in the film's third chapter.That said, the filmmakers takes its serious subject and makes its point efficiently with its realistic tone, well developed characters, and top-notch acting. The three actors who play the main character in various stages of his life are superb as are the supporting roles, especially Mr. Ali, Andre Holland as the adult Kevin, Janelle Monae as Teresa, and Ms.Harris, who is the only actor who appears in the same role in all three sections of the film (This actress deserves Oscar consideration for her transformative acting range.) While the film never becomes emotionally devastating due to its disjointed episodes and an ending that seems unresolved, Moonlight still remains compelling and casts a haunting glow in this shadow-land of lost souls.ANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.comVisit my blog at: www.dearmoviegoer.com

MOONLIGHT, directed by Barry Jenkins is an exquisitely written and delicately acted tale of how a young African-American boy navigates through the covertness of childhood isolation, into the reticence of adulthood. Three actors portray Chiron at different stages of existence - all maintain the silent presence of a person with a deep secret viewing a world of abuse and neglect with the curiosity of innocence. The young Chiron/aka "Little" (wonderfully acted by Alex R. Hibbert) realizes at an early age, that he should keep the pain and turbulence that is cloaked behind his dark-intelligent eyes hidden - it is best to stay silent and remain an enigma to others. Desire is tucked away from the periscope of one's peers, under a translucent sheet of manhood, thereby avoiding some of the emotional lacerations that kids inflict on one another, particularly if you are "different" and happen to be gay, and poor, living in Miami with a drug addicted single mother.Life changes when "Little", chased by a group of stone-throwing boys, finds refuge in an empty shack , breathless, curling up on the floor, bony arms flung around his thin body for protection. Juan (the wonderful performer Mahershala Ali), who happens to be the local drug dealer, enters the room and sees this young boy silhouetted against the wall, a small warrior standing erect refusing to utter a word, and an unspoken bond is forged - a connection based on Juan's memories of his own childhood. "Little", unwilling to talk, but willing to accompany this tall, powerfully built potential "father figure" to Juan's house for a home-cooked meal by Teresa ( Janelle Monae), the woman he lives with. Teresa instinctually recognizes a "wounded" child, and provides "Little" with a patina of kindness and warmth momentarily allaying the scars incurred by years of bullying and abuse.MOONLIGHT gives us some lovely moments between Juan and his pre-teen protégé - particularly one involved with learning to swim and the oft-used metaphor of the power of water to cleanse; but this scene is so beautifully filmed that it erases any notion of banality.In the next chapter, we meet the adolescent Chiron (Ashton Sanders) and witness the anguish of being a loner. Bullies take advantage of those they sense can be tormented and the High School years can be agonizing to a sensitive, fragile young man moving into adulthood. Innocence is slowly eroded; the protective veneer of armor and detachment are easily pierced, yet a sense of wonder remains. Chiron experiences moments of joy particularly in the company of a childhood friend, Kevin (Jaden Piner,) who is practiced in the art of subterfuge and easily glides through his fellow teenagers' posturing mentality - appearing to be part of a group, but in reality attracted to Chiron's desolate stillness. Their relationship is restrained, but undercurrents of sexual yearning - the physicality of touch - a tender finger grazing a hand - can transform years of misery and sorrow into the confusion of love.The last chapter occurs 10 years later when a powerfully built Chiron (alluringly portrayed by Trevante Rhodes,) returns home to Miami - his wordlessness remains, but the years have altered his appearance, and for a moment we believe we are seeing Juan again - the man who helped shepherd "Little" through the turmoil of childhood. Chiron having maneuvered through sphere's of hate and humiliation, is eventually able to reconcile with those who have previously cracked his world; a mother who could not see beyond her own aching needs, and his former confidant Kevin ( Andre Holland, depicting the sensuous, and elegant, adult Kevin.) A guileless candor belies Chiron's rugged presence; the passage of time is complex, paving over the self-inflicted wounds of longing, but also re-igniting the desire to embrace the future.

"At some point you've got to decide for yourself who you gonna be. And let nobody make that decision." Juan (Mahershala Ali)Because I favor minimalist drama to florid or overheated melodrama, Moonlight fits my needs perfectly. The story is about a kid, then as a teen, then as an adult, somewhat like Richard Linklater's Boyhood in its sweep of a young man's life. Only this story is more unusual, originally created by Tarell Alvin McCrane in short story form called In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue.Little or Chiron (Alex R. Hibbert) is indeed a little adolescent finding out slowly his sexuality is not like most other boys'. He's black and gay while barely knowing it; what he does know is that the bullies know and pursue and persecute him for being different.The first of the three sections deals with his unfavorable youth (druggie mom and absent dad) and his favorable association with kind adult Juan, who gives Little love and life lessons but who has a dark secret waiting to explode. Little is learning about love in its many forms, and he's better for that discovery. Life proving to be a mixed bag of good and bad is a strength of this film.In his teen years, Chiron's (Ashton Sanders) segment begins to lag as nothing new occurs including the lingering bullying from a dread-locked antagonist. Yet the moment of gay connection occurs with Kevin (Jharrel Jerome) in a love scene of such delicacy that other directors could take lessons in this sensual minimalism.Finally as an adult, Chiron (Trevante Rhodes), now called "Black," drives a vintage sedan just as his early adult friend, Juan, did and becomes a dealer like Juan. He even physically resembles the ripped and low-key Juan. Indeed Black is not the weak kid we knew through two thirds of the film. Writer/director Barry Jenkins has done the magic of character arc-making, for Black is gentle and lonely the way Juan didn't seem to be. As the arc gently goes down, with repeated plays of Aretha Franklin's One Step Ahead, so does Kevin (now as an adult played by Andre Holland) become again the vulnerable but now stronger Little grown up. His life is not as we might have hoped it to be, but what it is, it is: minimal and with goodness he always had.Moonlight bathes itself in small moments of love and coming of age. Through it all the director has kept Little's character intact and our attention locked into a narrative with enormous wealth. Moonlight is one of the best films of the year; I hope Oscar is paying attention.

If this picture was chosen by the Academy as Best Picture of the year, there is something seriously wrong with the process.This film has almost no redeeming value. Literally every character in the film is odious. The main character's mother is a crack addict who sleeps with whatever she can find for money. Everybody in the neighborhood is a bully. The couple who take him in and show him some kindness are drug dealers. The main character himself is completely uninteresting. He almost never says anything, and when he does, it doesn't make any sense. He has no interesting ideas. Actually, he has no ideas at all. Finally, when he randomly decides he is gay and has some gay interlude on a beach, I couldn't watch any more and turned it off.OK, so maybe this film is politically correct. It is about gays. It is about black people. But to give a film the best picture award, it has to do more than portray two minority types. At least I hope so. I mean, how about having a plot? How about good acting? How about interesting characters?

I do not like homosexuals and therefore any gay movies. I don't like to see two men kissing, making love. So, an attempt motivating them becoming gay due to a heavy childhood and devoid of parental love doesn't convince me. However, this film has qualities. It is well done and well played. Actress Naomie Harris in particular (Moneypenny in "Spectre" and Eve in "Skyfall"), here, Paula, the irresponsible mother of the main character. Of those three actors playing the main character at different ages, the best, in my humble opinion, is Alex Hibbert(as Little). After other opinions, the film is boring. Yes, but it's a boring well done.

When Moonlight won the Best Picture Award, I thought this Movie must be something. So, I watched it. This movie is nothing close to getting the Best Picture Award. This movie is an average movie with an Intense and Serious plot. Ali played a great role and his acting in the Movie was good, He's always good. Other than this, This movie deserves nothing.

Simply put, a film about nothing! Boring, predictable, dull. Why do so many films and series nowadays need to have a gay appeal? Really, it just seems so pushed and needles sometimes. It is hard to believe that this movie has won the Oscar, specially when compared with great movie like Arrival, for instance.

Obviously the Academy gave the best picture to Moonlight because of the complaints last year on lack of color in film.This movie stunk. Not just stunk, but stunk to high heaven.Just finished watching LION. Great movie. Worthy of best picture. Haven't seen La La Land yet but I heard it is also worthy of best picture.

What a very weird movie. I watched it with my wife and the beginning was quite interesting. Then they moved to the mid-life of the character and it was still OK to watch, but then the adulthood was very boring and pointless. I don't think this movie deserves best film award, and I don't see what's all the fuss about. The acting is very good and direction is good, but the story is pointless and the ending leaves you wondering why on earth did I just spend two hours watching this weird film.

1. The film is too long.2. Many of the scenes are tedious. 3. Naomi Harris' character was completely predictable 4. Very little empathy is garnered because the main character is too aloof.5. With a film this grim you want to see some loose ends tied up and we didn't get that.6. Not something I would sit through again.

There is really no polite way of putting it. Moonlight did not deserve to win the Oscar for best picture albeit the entire cast gave a heartfelt performance. The cast is let down by a plot that leaves so many blank spaces. There little to no clues to help the audience put the pieces together. Maybe the #Oscarsowhite (which they were) movement got to the Academy and this was an attempt to clear their conscience. when a movie leaves you with suspense you're left exclaiming what now! you're glued to your sit even when the credits begin to roll trying to figure out what will happen to the characters. Moonlight has most viewers asking what now? not out of suspense but in an attempt to fill the many blank spaces left. I do not advise against watching this movie however I caution against having your expectations high.

A great movie. Moonlight is another production that confirms the very good vintage that comes to the Oscar this year, with a story that deals with several "delicate" subjects, with an undeniable quality.The story, in my view, is the point to be analyzed more comprehensively here, even though the film follows a narrative line that runs away from the ordinary, jumping between the different epochs of the protagonist's life. The message that all the work goes through is very beautiful, showing certain difficulties that people can encounter in life, according to their gender and ethnicity.The proposed narration line works well, maybe let one or another doubt at certain times, with character behavior changes, but nothing that breaks the overall quality.The photograph is beautiful, even getting to "talk" with the audience at certain times, using the lighting of certain places, to illustrate something said in history, and things like that.The style of filming varies a bit during the almost two hours of film, and at times it bothered a little, seeming to blur very certain elements that should be highlighted on the screen. But that's in a small part of the movie, overall, the way the film is filmed is very good and runs out of the ordinary.Among the actors I do not think anybody has done a job out of the ordinary, and that deserves a great attention, make no mistake, everyone was very competent, yes, and they do not leave anything to wish for in any moment, however, it is not from here that I would take my Oscar for actors.The soundtrack is also a high point, fitting perfectly with the setting and development of the film.In summary: Moonlight is a great movie, with a story that deserves attention, and that is told in a poetic way at certain times. Given all the controversy in #OscarSoWhite, this year we have in Moonlight a mass representative of minorities, but that is not here based on this, but for very clear merits, based on its undeniable quality.

A young man deals with his dysfunctional home life and comes of age in Miami during the "War on Drugs" era. The story of his struggle to find himself is told across three defining chapters in his life as he experiences the ecstasy, pain, and beauty of falling in love while grappling with his own sexuality.A small, little independent film, made for almost nothing that manages to transcend its limitations and be a full illustration of the power of the cinematic language, a real effort in the craftsmanship of images and sound for emotions, a wonderful piece of cinema, that just fell a little short from being a great one for me.As Jenkins has said in many interviews, this film somewhat resembles a lot of his life and acts as a very personal artistic endeavor, this makes for a uniquely developed vision that has a truly personal stamp on it, filled with touches and ideas that haven't been seen before and contribute into making a singular tone for this film, one that never leaves it, it just looms all over this and confers and importance and an elegance to the film that match the subject matter incredibly well even though they might appear different on paper.The unique choices are across the board stunning to see: the use of classical music for example is a stylistic element that works so brilliantly on an instinctual level. You can't really put your finger on it, but the music employed and the way it is developed across the three chapters is just one of those simple directorial choices that makes a world of a difference. It burdens this film with an importance and an intensity in the drama that makes for a perfect combination. Every frame of the film becomes filled with tension and unpredictability.Then you get into the use of color and there is a world to get lost to. This is definitely one of the most efficient visual storytelling efforts I've seen in recent times, the fact that it was so low budget probably made the filmmakers try to come up with the most inventive ideas and they rose to the challenge. The shots, the editing, the way the juxtaposition of colors and composition happens, what do they mean for the story and how they are developed and evolved through it, all of these directorial ideas succeed triumphantly in supporting the concept of the film.Jenkins just shrouds this film with powerful imagery and material, he finds a poetic touch even in the most excruciating and dark situations, he builds a world made of emotions and themes, every frame drips with context and ideas. The bottom line is that he manages to bring to life a vision that feels organic and complete, his style is original, fresh and he keeps it up constantly and is always interested in what the style can do to help the characters, not the other way around.Unfortunately, his brilliant and beautiful vision looses some of its impact because of the story. I feel like there are a couple of missing pieces here. I wasn't overwhelmed with emotion when I needed to be, the film isn't the absolutely captivating piece it needs to be. There are a couple of missing beats in the story that really feel absent, the emotional impact of events further down the line is lessened because of a shortly developed central relationship, you'll never hear me say anything in here was forced or unwarranted, I just feel like it wasn't as impactful and powerful as its cinematic language and it was partially a let down.But, "Moonlight" has very little to hide, its sheer sense of power in action and emotion is so well built and personally touching that even in its faults it manages to come out as a triumph of directing and storytelling, a really innovative piece of visuals that is sure to be highly influential and overbearingly imitated in years to come.

Act 1 I think the first act, though slow, was OK except that I only understood about 20% of what was said. There was so much mumbling. However, I have found this to be the way it really is. Lots of mumbling and wrong words used. Thank goodness the acting made it more obvious what was going on. Well, mostly.It was rather ironic that the mother was worried when Chiron did not come home, although not terribly worried, but then did drugs and ignored him regularly (it seems).Act 2 Now he just became a teenager. Still having some trouble understanding what is going on. But the demeanor of the teenage Chiron is matching what we saw in Act 1. Still quiet and head down attitude.Maybe I will continue. Oooooh, raw, rear entry sex outside. Seems right. I saw a black man pee in the parking lot of a Walmart while there was a restroom right inside and after he peed, he went inside. So the scene seems to fit with that.Act 2, the mother is still verbally expressing caring for Chiron but then treating him badly. She wants to claim blood ties, implying emotional ties, but just wants to use her son for drug money. What a movie... sad...So much abuse... Family and "friends" abuse him and he is so beat down that he just takes it. I know that feeling, personally, from elementary school. It is not a good situation. Abusive father, mother afraid of him for good reason and few friends. I can identify with him and say it is well done. My situation was not this bad, however, but I was just about as broke.I am beginning to not like this movie. It is too close to home.Well, now there is a challenge to hit someone and, of course, Chiron is selected by the guy he just had a quicky with the night before. Again, some truth here. Saw a "reality" cop show where two teens had a "slap boxing" match in a car and got blood everywhere. Dumb! But true. They got some serious questioning about it from the cops who were looking for a killer nearby. This is too real! So he takes revenge and HE gets arrested. Of course. The second one to act gets caught, not the first. Talking in class, fighting back, etc. Again, truth here.I made it to an hour. Still in there. I hate to stop watching a movie unless it is really horrible. Maybe this goes up to 5 now. The ending, per some reviews, may push it back to 4.Act 3 Made it to Act 3. Now he is all grown up. And finally, the first rap in the movie. But it is not too bad. He thought badly of drug sellers when young, and now he is one.Some have found the acts of differing "speed". So far, they are dead slow character studies. Vaguely interesting, not riveting. But I have seen worse -- FAR worse than this. I admit, I would not have ever known about it or watched it if not on the Oscar nomination but it is a story that is worth watching. Feels real all the way through. All three of the actors playing Chiron had it spot on. Not a wrong movement or word. Some nuance but not enough to get up to boring.Love the "elevator music" in the restaurant. Good use of music in this movie. Appropriate and not oppressive. Good re-connection with Kevin. Well directed, I think. Liking this as a whole.If you gave up too soon, I think you missed something good. Not sure it's Oscar good. For that level, see "Hidden Figures". I think this movie can't be judged on Act 1, 2, 3 but must be viewed and judged as a whole. The flow is perfect through and connecting the acts. They show a card between them but maybe that should be dropped for even a better flow. This movie grows on you. Give it a chance.I won't spoil the ending. I would not classify this as a gay movie. One character is slightly gay but mostly celibate. He only had one gay encounter. He only had one encounter of any kind. How will it turn out? Better watch it. There is certainly a French feel to this one. Plodding story but interesting if you take the time to watch it all the way through. Just went up to 7.

The plot isn't expansive or overly complicated. It works with little things in decent proportions to create something very beautiful.

Yeah, it was a well-thought-out movie. My girlfriend didn't like the ending. If this film was submitted for a class, the teacher would return it with a bad grade. She would include a note "saying you could have had a better conclusion.There's additional personal opinions but hey I'm the boyfriend what do I know.Let's be honest, could have been the better.

Just because a movie is trying to tell a striking and sensitive story, doesn't make that film very good, or even worthy of the title "Best movie of the year".It was boring. It was slow. Visually it was good enough. But story- wise, there was not much going on.I mean, it's easily one of those movies that you would watch on the TV one afternoon. It makes you feel, maybe, but it doesn't make you think. It doesn't excite. It doesn't break your heart either. It's all there, a movie as a complete package, but over-hyped.

I have never posted a review on this website, but reading the reviews for this movie made me want to write one because so many people do not recognize this movie for the genius it is. Many people describe it as "boring", "a waste", or that it has very little dialogue and is drawn out with nothing exciting or climactic. Those people that think that are overlooking what the whole movie is about. This is not a giant Hollywood production, it's a movie about real people and a real life. The silence, the limited dialogue, the music, the editing, and the acting all combine to create a breathtaking piece that deserved to win the best film of the year Oscar, because it was truly a work of art. It did not win because it was a movie about a black gay person to make up for 2016's whitewashed Oscars. Those complaining are too small to read into the film and actually appreciate if for the genius it is. This movie has left me thinking for months on end, and I recommend it to anyone looking for an actual good movie.

A touching elegiac piece of the tallest order. Jenkins is luminary and a real master of the art of cinema in showing and not telling and not slapping you around the face with unnecessary information. Each shot felt like a painting and told a thousand tales at once.I was particularly impressed by the tenderness and character development of Little, Chiron and Black as I felt it dealt with the micro complexities that exist within the male body beautifully. It allowed me to look at and understand not only their tussle for identity and defining his sexuality but most importantly posed a question, what does it actually mean to be a man? The inner turmoil of trying to be yourself amongst the masses that are trying to fit in is also a powerful element of universality to which is not exclusive to gender, race or sexuality which is something that we often all battle with. These two universal elements are what the films success are for me.From a craft perspective, the simple three act structure worked wonderfully and allowed you to be with each character at the crucial moments and to stay with them and be immersed within that particular reality, thus being able to relate or compare it to your own experience of those ages and periods within your own life whether you are gay or not, or even relating it to someone you may have known that went through the same thing. From picture, humanity, to universality and craft this film is timeless.

It makes little difference that this was festooned with Oscars this year. I would have come to it regardless for its promise of a youthful look into back streets that we don't get to see very often. I would have come to it eager, for the same reason I've been to Killer of Sheep and Shadows before. It would be about young people, young black people in Miami. It promised both hardship and discovery as movies about youth ought to. Any opportunity to inhabit a time and place, explore the horizon that life acquires for people that could be ourselves, is invaluable to me, exhilarating. It counts as education of the highest order for me, the visual and intuitive kind.It does take place in those streets, Miami here but you can imagine it goes on the same way across America. It does offer hardship and discovery; one centered on broken family, the other on sexual awakening. It has a lyrical camera, some marvelous music. Viewers looking for a film that castigates social ills by looking for who's to blame will be disappointed. It's not the vehement kind of film, the Spike Lee kind. We're better off for it. Anger is a meaningless waste of energy, its grown up versions are cynicism and bitterness, not awakening.In spite of best intentions however a movie must stand or fall with the awakening of gaze it permits. We see not particularly far here; not farther than the cycle of becoming his drug dealer mentor because it's the only decent man he knew in childhood. The filmmaker has plucked a few broad threads and unspooled across time until pain and irony are revealed. An abusive addict mother who years later regrets it. The sexual relationship becomes a handjob by the beach and the awkwardness of meeting again years later. I find overall that it streamlines to a Lifetime movie hook; can we begrudge him becoming who he does? I do think we're all richer when people reflect on their own worlds from within those worlds. But when faced with a film like this I also find myself hankering for more filmmakers like Cassavetes, black or otherwise. Real souls who will not settle for things being so or in some other way, who can send us back home with none of the comfy words we try to explain with. It's a noble attempt here but I urge you to know Killer of Sheep at some point.

I'm split. I think that this film could historically be one of those great films like Yi Yi or In the Mood for Love that will never be accepted in a popular canon like Singin' in the Rain or Apocalypse Now would be. I also feel that it is a bit over-hyped by critics. It's a bit moody, leans too much on stereotypes (I think a lot of the justifications for this are lazy and just band-aids over a lazy artistic decision), and is a bit underwrought for my tastes. However, if you watch this film and can't respect the impossibly strong technical aspects, the great acting, cinematography, and dialogue, then you probably don't expect too much from your movies. This is not a crowd- pleaser or even a generally pleasing movie. I cried at the end of this movie, but I also dozed off in the middle. It's a damn good movie and possibly will be great in hindsight. It's not perfect though and if you think you won't enjoy it then you probably won't enjoy it.

Excellent script, cast, cinematography, costumes, lighting, and sound. Excellent performances from an all star cast! How do you tell a life story,without every little detail and play by play. Simple show what's important and let the audience fill in the gaps, which isn't hard if you're an adult. Many will call this a "black film" or a "gay film," but I call it a great film! I know (and have known) so many Chirons and Blacks, that never get to the final stage of this film, and finally someone has captured all of the heartache, emotional distress, pain, love and awkwardness of growing up and living Black and gay in America. It was worth waiting for, and I look forward to an unlimited release so I can see it again.

One of the most interesting and touching stories of the year presents the life of a young man in three acts. He is introduced as a young boy, thin and smaller than his peers, consequently, he's harassed and bullied by several boys. Although it is not obvious, he has a sensitive nature and this also makes him the target of many, including his own mother. Luck intervenes to have him meet Juan and his girlfriend, who become surrogate fathers who manage to keep him sane and alive. In the meantime, things get worse at home when his mother becomes addicted to drugs. In short,life is hell.Next, he's shown as a teen, still looking vulnerable and pretty much a loner. This time he's been chosen by the school's bully, who constantly picks on him, with plenty of insults and physical trauma. It's during this phase of his life that he realizes who he truly is, giving him a little hope when he thinks he has met a kindred soul. However, events take a darker turn, and he must resort to become harder in order to survive.The last third of the film continues to show his evolution. Now he is physically different, but when the camera sets on his face, we can see turmoil and pain. His mother is still around, and they are able to finally understand some of the tragedies they have endured. A voice from the past calls, and he sees a glimmer of hope and confusion.When the two friends meet again, feelings become more and more complex. Years have gone by, choices are made, and matters can't be resolved easily. Because violence has always been a threat, the meeting is tense, with new disappointments lurking and more darkness seems to be imminent. Words exchanges are kept to the minimum, with much being told with furtive looks, sighs. This piece shows the strongest performances, and it grows more intense as it reaches the shocking resolution. Like most of the best films, it will lead to conversation. Many will argue it doesn't provide enough. Others might be satisfied because there's a hint of what is possible."Moonlight" is full of emotions, twists, and amazing acting. It delivers powerful punches, never boring, and with much insight on its subject matter. 2016 is proving to be quite a strong year.

Director Barry Jenkins ("Medicine for Melancholy" - 2008) adapts Tarell Alvin McCrney's unproduced play "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue," providing an opportunity to step into the life of young Chiron (played by Alex R. Hibbert, Ashton Sanders, and Trevante Rhodes) as he maneuvers life under the not so watchful eye of his drug induced mother (Naomie Harris - "Spectre" 2015), and the accepting and nurturing guidance of Theresa (recording artists Janelle Monae) and Juan (Mahershala Ali - "House of Cards"). Befriending the bullied (for being gay) Chiron is his school friend Kevin (played by Jaden Piner, Jharrel Jerome and Andre Holland). As the film chronicles their respective lives, there is an emotional and honest story to be told here. Unfortunately, the first three-quarters of the film falters as Jenkins' relies on the "shaky camera" effect and close placement of the camera to his actors. This style of camera work is cheap and lazy, doing nothing but distracting from the visuals and storyline. Luckily for all, Jenkins' eventually sheds this camera style, enabling the viewing audience to experience the film and the lives of its characters without distraction. While the film is very slow paced, enough cannot be said for the acting across the board. "Moonlight" is a case where the director got in the way of his own beautiful story. Regardless, it's worth a look see. The film maybe getting all the current publicity because Brad Pitt is executive-producing.

Im not one to write reviews. I don't usually have the time.But this "movie" was given 99 on metacritic. It was 7+ on IMDb, and won an Oscar. Must be better than gladiator and ben hur this right ???There were no effects at all, the budget was probably less than $100. There were about 4 people in the movie saying a total of probably 120 lines to each other. It was set in a familiar western city, mostly indoors. The speech was slow, perhaps 1 line was uttered every minute it seems. There was hardly any fear, or much emotion. The characters were bland and dull, doing nothing extraordinary. One could hear the monster movie next door, that was how quiet and this movie was. It was shockingly boring. You could go away for an hour, come back and still keep up with the movie easily.The trouble was, despite all the hoo haa, there was hardly any story going on at all. Two people grew up and met up again. I felt a big "to be continued" or "intermission" sign was missing at the end. No climax to the monotony at all. No message to dwell on. Absolutely nothing. No escapism in the slightest. Not entertaining.It seems people may have drawn out meaning from what to me seems a meaningless movie, or secretly used it as a potent tranquilizer. Perhaps millions were spent on advertising this to the elite.We felt completely defrauded after 2 hours of relentlessly slow emotionless humdrum, wishing for the first time to have a refund.

This is the worst movie i ever watched in my life. watch it only if u wanna waste 2 hours of you life. There is nothing in this movie nothing.i just wanna say the peoples who give Oscar to this movie are stupid or ether high on weed. Please do not watch this sh*t

This movie is boring in the most awful way, and how it won the Oscars baffles me - I have a feeling there is a lot agenda behind the win and very little objectivity.The acting is not that good either. The only error in the Award ceremony is that the win went to this disaster.

while I admit with many reviews of this movie being slow art some parts, I very much enjoyed this movie. It had me feel every emotion sad, happy, anxious and everywhere in between. The use of lighting was cool and kept me engaged and some scenes stuck in my head days after. Sometimes you have to give movies a chance and really feel them, which is something many people don't have the patience to do.

I'll be quick, poor storyline, bad dialogs, no more than a movie trying to break any sterotype and trying to make you feel weird about it, Im the less racist person but if the whole cast would have been white this would make no sense really, they just get a black bullied guy as it happens to be gay then as an adult just gets like a 50 cent like person and still gay, which makes no sense anyone can be gay so what? no one cares

Please. Much praise for Boyhood, it was same "boring" concept, but with Moonlight it worked because it was touchy and something new for us white people to see. So what if you can't relate to it, that's the f*cking point? Once you cut through the layers of where we're raised, with how much money and by whom, same old struggle remains and same feelings in us that form us. Thats about as much of a point from these movies as you can get

Got the Oscar as a gesture to prevent critics complaining no black actors ever win ! How many times has a movie been made about bully's ? Nothing new at all here if you want to see a better film on this subject I suggest a monster calls a much better film and original to boot !

I don't understand how it might even be compared with the other academy award nominees.this film got nothing.the first half an hour is okay with Ali and the boy.then comes the teenage Chiron who wanted to be gay from the start, do nasty things for no reason!there is nothing impressive with the third phase black ..he is more gross than the two.the story is too weak that one can't afford to waste the time for this! Better watch hacksaw ridge or other nominees..this movie is hell waste of time

The theme of Dignity plays a crucial role in Moonlight. Without giving away too much, the little boy in the beginning of the movie finds, quite by accident, a mentor who shows great dignity despite his intense shame in dealing drugs. He clearly sees himself as a protector of the boy, perhaps knowing what he himself went through as a child.This lesson of dignity is carried through the movie. As a high=schooler, he tries hard not to react to his tormentors, but eventually he knows that his dignity cannot be permanently deferred.As an adult, he has a calm demeanor. He knows what he had to go through, and he knows he can smile a bit at where he is right now in life, even as he repeats the role of his mentor.His childhood friend also has his dignity, but he took a different path. He found a vocation he can be proud of and simplified his idea of wants and needs. He too has an inner peace despite not having the trappings that money provides. In "Man's Fate," Andre Malraux's historic fiction of the 1929 revolution in China, a revolutionary is captured and interrogated. When asked why he rebels, he says it is for his people's dignity. His captor laughs and says there is no such thing as dignity. His response: that his people certainly know humiliation.... and that dignity is the opposite.Moonlight is the opposite. It is an un-film with characters and circumstances that we don't get to see in other films. It is exotic and at the same time wholly familiar in our expectations of inner-city degradation. But within that environment, even then, there are paths to dignity.

Now this was a unique one. 'Moonlight' was so fascinatingly done and such a unique piece to watch unfold. As I referred to previously, in a way, this can be seen as a "non-traditional" film. It does not follow the typical movie formula with a story to develop, there were no big hooks or climaxes placed within. The film simply followed Chiron and his life through the three acts and how he had to live through the many trials and tribulations that came with his environment. Overall, it was a very unique experience watching 'Moonlight' in the way it was delivered... Now, for the overall performances and the effect of said performances. 'Moonlight' tugs at the heart-strings of its viewer. Everyone involved in the film delivers an honest and pure performance that is felt from beginning to end. From feeling Chiron's despair to feeling hatred for Naomie Harris' character who plays Chiron's mother. 'Moonlight' is an emotional piece that demands to be felt. An all-around well executed film from performance to direction. To draw any kind of negatives from the film, I can understand people not feeling Barry Jenkins' way of delivering this story. As I said before, with the non-traditional structure and no laid out story, it can be perceived as boring or slow, maybe even pointless to some. But, to anyone that may feel this story is pointless, you would seem to be missing the actual point: Unless you are a gay/lesbian African American being raised in a hard neighborhood, how can you truly know if this story is pointless or not? Even if you changed some parts of the formula, this is a story many do not touch or bring to the light. Not many know the struggle unless they have lived it. So before you care to critique that this story is useless or boring, jump off your pedestal or quit watching Oscar nominated films and stick to The Fast and the Furious.'Moonlight' may not be my favorite of the Oscar nominated films or my favorite of the 2016 film releases but I would be damned if I did not appreciate it or love it in my own way. Watching this film, I was zoned out from everything happening around me and was in total focus of the movie and how it was unfolding with each act. I found myself inside Chiron's world until the credits began to roll. A very solid and once again, unique film to witness. -- Oberrated.com --

It's that time of year, boys and girls, time to head to the Art House Cinemas to catch out little Independent Oscar contending films.  We start this year's journey with MOONLIGHT.Written and Directed by Barry Jenkins, MOONLIGHT tells the story of an African-American male growing up in the drug-riddled streets of Miami.  MOONLIGHT is actually three films in one as we catch this story when the male is young, as a teenager and as a twenty- something adult.  Each story is self contained in and of itself and when put together the three tales build a larger picture.Ultimately the larger story that the three tales tell don't payoff well and, therefore, this film falls short of the lofty praise - and Oscar contention - that it was billed to be, but, despite that, there is much, much to like here.Starting (and ending) with the performances.  The main character, Chiron, is played by 3 different young men (Alex R. Hibbert, Ashton Sanders and, especially, Trevante Rhodes) and each one brings poignance, strength and vulnerability to the screen.  Chiron is shaped by his environment and each one of the actors portraying Chiron acts and reacts to the the forces in his life.And these forces are strong and interesting to watch through the first part of the film.Starting with the strong work of Mahershala Ali (House of Cards, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay films) as a drug dealer that takes the young Chiron under his wing as a father figure and shows him some love and compassion that is missing in Chiron's life.  Chiron is also influenced by the two mother-figures in his life -  drug addicted Paula, his birth mother (portrayed with great intensity by Naomi Harris) and the loving Teresa (an under-used Janelle Monea) each steer Chiron in ways that will influence him later on.But it is the 3rd part of the film, where Chiron is an adult and is still searching for love and compassion where this film, ultimately, falls short for me.  Despite strong performances  by Trevante Rhodes (as the adult Chiron) and Andre Holland as his childhood friend, Kevin, the resolution of these chapters of his story end quietly and a little disappointingly.  The build up does not resolve in a worthwhile payoff.A good enough film - with great ambition and good acting - that could have used a little more script polish and a stronger conclusion to the story.  Writer/Director Barry Jenkins is one to keep an eye on in the future.7 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank (of Marquis)

Greetings again from the darkness. It's uncertain whether writer/director Barry Jenkins has developed the story from Tarelle McCraney in order to highlight stereotypes, explain stereotypes, or both. The interpretation is up to the viewer, but what's clear is that the film is one of the most sensitive portraits we've seen of growing up young, black, and sexually confused, while being mostly neglected by a drug-addicted mother.Told in standard triptych structure, the film chronicles 3 stages in the life of a young male, with the chapters titled Little – Chiron – Black, for the names he is known by at each stage. As a 9 year old boy, "Little" (a nickname due to his small stature) is a wide-eyed near-mute who gets bullied and called names by the bigger boys. It's at this stage where he is taken under the wing of local drug dealer Juan (Mahershala Ali), who offers a "safe place" to sleep and eat, with the bonus of swimming lessons accentuated by life lessons from Juan and his understanding girlfriend Teresa (Janelle Monea). It's a poignant and painful moment when Little connects the dots between his mother (Naomie Harris) and Juan.As a high school adolescent, Chiron is now a nervous, totally-withdrawn kid who simply doesn't fit in – and doesn't understand why. His high-crime Miami neighborhood is even more dangerous for him now as the schoolyard bullying is often accompanied by violent behavior. His surrogate father figure Juan is no longer in the picture, but Teresa is still there for him – always at the ready with a meal, clean sheets, and a spoonful of wisdom.the final chapter, we catch up with a hardened "Black" (another nickname) 10 years after high school followed by a stint in prison. He has moved from his Miami roots, and it's at this stage where we fully understand the influence of a role model on a boy who has few. When he reconnects with childhood buddy Kevin, we see the shredded remnants of young "Little" still present in the older, experienced "Black". This circle of life is understandable, while at the same time being nearly unbearable.In addition to Mr. Ali and Ms. Monea (both who are excellent in the upcoming Hidden Figures), and the standout work of Ms. Harris, the six actors who play Chiron and Kevin through the years are fascinating to watch. Alex Hibbert perfectly captures the confused "Little". Ashton Sanders plays the awkward, dreading-each-day Chiron; and Trevante Rhodes (former University of Texas athlete) plays the adult "Black" with a quiet uneasiness that resonates on screen. The 3 Kevin actors are Jaden Piner, Jharell Jerome, and Andre Holland (a standout as the adult Kevin).Beautifully filmed in all three segments by cinematographer James Laxton, the film reiterates the importance of role models, especially in the life of those whose path seems pre-ordained by circumstance. The harsh realities of drug addiction, absentee parents, schoolyard bullying, and the almost inevitable stint behind bars are contrasted with a plate of fries, the chef's special from an old friend, and the soothing effects of sand and sea. Encouraging our kids to be true to themselves is a lesson that can fall on deaf ears when surviving the moment is first and foremost. This incredibly sensitive film is likely either a necessary reminder or an eye-opening education  depending on your own situation.

What the heck is going on? This movie does not deserve the rave reviews it is getting. Okay, let me get this out of the way first, the acting was superb, but in no way does good acting make a movie - it is story, drama and conflict that does this. The movie crawls along at a snail-like pace, occasionally awakening interest, but just turns out to be as dull and unexciting as La La Land and Manchester by the Sea. I am truly fed up with 'fake' reviews on IMDb that build a movie up to be something it isn't. They need to put more effort into weeding these people out who clearly have an agenda and perhaps are somehow associated with the movies production. Moonlight is a meandering film that ends stupidly. Someone else on IMDb said the end was awesome. What a complete and utter idiot. The end was dumb and pretentious. It seems to me that leftists have taken over Hollywood and place great reviews to bolster their poor attempts at movie making. Watch this at your peril. Just boring nonsense with the odd moment of excitement thrown in. I would NEVER sit through this again even if I was paid!

Moonlight Review So NOT Best Picture...to me Okay I watched the so-called Best Picture of the flubbed Oscars of 2017 from Redbox last night and this is NOT Best Picture in my book. Okay here come the bashing "You're being a racist." or "You didn't understand it." I understood it just fine. It's about this kid who I am guessing is 12 by the look of him who only goes by the name Little because no one ever bothers to learn his real name which is Chiron. Until one day he is being bullied by these kids after school so he hides out in his abandon house and this guy Juan comes along to "rescue" him Now he's a teenager and still being bullied and him and his friend Kevin start up a relationship but the next day a bully tells Kevin to beat up Chiron and let's just say things go downhill from there. Then he's an adult and he's a selling drugs and his life is basically falling apart and Kevin calls him to catch up and that's basically it. This film was not good. Sorry but it wasn't. Don't go off on me for saying this but it wasn't best picture at the Oscars. They had it right the first time when they said La La Land because THAT is a Best Picture not this piece of crap. I want my 1 hour and 57 minutes of my life back. I gave it a 3 because the only person who was even interesting in this film was the mother and she was on crack. That sounded mean but it's true. The best picture of the year at the Oscars they had it right the first time it was LA LA LAND! Go rent that not this film.

This movie is not very good. It's an average movie. I can't understand why it won the best picture Oscar. I think the Academy is going too political. I can't understand their decisions and all the gafs and mistakes they make. I used to plant myself in front of the TV during the presentation, late at night, but nowadays i don't even watch the brief version of it next day. It's a total disappointment...like this movie. I've seen much better dramas about the same issues. The movie doesn't envolve enough...sometimes it's even boring. And the final scene is endless..for what? for nothing! The ending...you already know it. No! not good enough! Not even one of the best 10 dramas this year.

At the very beginning I became dizzy by the hand held camera, but it was only used at the very beginning. I have no idea why! I considered leaving the cinema because of it, but soon I got captured by the kindness of the drug dealer. This film is a bit uncomfortable, because it tells a story about how complex life can be. The drug dealer sells drugs to Chiron's mother, who is a drug addict. There is a touching scene where the boy asks the man if he sells drugs. He answers yes. He then asks the man if he sells drugs to his mother. He answers yes, while his head bends in shame. There is a similar situation later on in the movie when Chiron has grown into an adolescent. We suspected that he was gay, and now he has his first sexual experience with a male friend from school. This friend is one of the cool students, and no one knows about their "friendship". Then one of his bullies makes a deal with the friend that he has to punch a random student that the bully will pick out. He picks Chiron. I won't expose what happens next, but there is a disturbing scene where the school's counselor says that he is not a man, because then he would not be a victim. I found this totally unacceptable! But this is the kind of difficult emotions and scenes the film is full of. The film might be depressing, but I think if we look, there i a lot of beauty and humanity in it.

I heard the film from the code switch podcast. Both hosts, Gene Demby and Shereen Meraji, spoke very highly of the movie. They also showed the clip of little's mom robbing little (little is the nickname of the young leading actor). It is a powerful scene, and I couldn't let go the film because of it. However, I didn't feel much when I saw it in the theater. It might happen because it is the second time for me, or I lacked the background knowledge. As a foreigner, I didn't resonate much with the film, though It is definitely a slow-paced movie with lots of details. I didn't get the core until I went through the reviews on IMDb. The camera usage of the first part is good. It shows the depressing side of the bully. I really like it.

Jenkins uses his remarkable ability to bring raw emotions to the surface with this heartbreaking tale of a young boy's journey which takes us through 3 stages of his life from childhood to adulthood. Born into a world of poverty and inequality, we see how certain events throughout his life alter and define the path that he chooses to ensue. Jenkins manages to uncover veiled intersectionality within our society and portrays the significantly negative impact that this mindset can cause within ourselves as well as the lives of others. The diverse orchestral music score provides us with emotional turbulence throughout while also revealing the unique style of Jenkins as a director. Providing us with incredible talent as well, the array of little known actors and actresses only adds to the overall genuine feel of the film. I have and will continue to recommend this film to many friends and family members to come. It is a must see for 2016.

LIFF30 2016 #4People told me this was amazing. Actually a lot of people. But wow, nobody warned me this was going to be emotionally striking. Praising this movie for being powerful is just an understatement.Moonlight is one of best character study movies I've seen this year. The directing, the writing, score, and especially the acting is what this movie so freaking brilliant.Director Barry Jenkins shot this movie in a very different and unique way. And I say "unique" as how this movie was filmed in a shallow depth that made the whole thing pretty intriguing. I wouldn't say he's directing is complete perfectionist, as there's plenty of room for improvement. Even if you don't like the choices he picked for a scene, but keep in mind that this doesn't equal bad directing. Lets not go that far. You can see that there's talent and he got a lot out of fantastic performances from all the actors.Alex R. Hibbert, Ashton Sanders, and Trevante Rhodes all did a phenomenal job playing Chiron (the main character). Each of the actors builds on their character that the previous actor did. Despite the changes and the transformation, not once did you see a different person. There was never a moment where I didn't believe in a actor was giving a 100% their all or wasn't invested in the role. In my "A Monster Calls" review I said how great child actors are very rare in big budget movies, but not in indie. Several kid and teenage actors were all pretty fantastic in this, which is quite the accomplishment.Naomie Harris and Mahershala Ali were both outstanding in this movie. It's one of performances I've seen from them. Even through their screen time is shot as Hopkins was in "Silence of the Limbs". And that's kinda impressive. Both manages to give anything in a small matter of time. It's really mind blowing and a real challenge.But what really surprised me the most was Nicolas Battelle beautiful violin score. Why this took me by surprise is because who's expecting a score like that from a movie that takes place in a gangster ghetto setting. This movie is more of a personal film of are main characters experience than anything else. So music like this fits perfectly and I'm glad it didn't go for a terrible R&B song for once.The writing is just top-notch and if you're an inspired writer, you should take notes from this. This is how you write great characters. Nothing cartoonist or anything that's one-dimensional. All the character's feel fleshed out and so natural to the point I forgot it was acting. And the best thing I can say about the film is that isn't predicable. I honestly didn't know where the story was going.When I called this a "character study film", that's because of the arks the main character goes through that leads to the next scene. It starts off with Chiron as a shy child living in a crime ridden neighborhood in Miami with his crack addict mother. This leads to him meeting Juan (Mahershala Ali), which leads to him taking a lot from him (appearance wise) when an adult. Him being bulled at school leads to him being buffed, strong, and confident so none can pick on him ever again. But at the same time, he's hiding himself even more by being something that he's not. He acts gangster and talks in a American slang that I bet he doesn't fully understand. You can say different arguments to this, but how I see it, he's just getting better at hiding of who he really is. It's are journey through life that defines us as human beings. Same goes to the rest of the characters. I don't know about you, but that's pretty upsetting.You know, for awhile I was pretty close of giving "Moonlight" the perfect rating that I never thought would happen. But what stopped me is the little flaws. Some of the editing choices didn't really hit at times and lucky it didn't happen too often. I also notice some sound errors in a few parts, but it's only tiny.Overall rating: "Moonlight" is an original film that stays away from following a predicable path. I thought this was absolutely mesmerizing and was quite the experience that I didn't expect.

Berry Jenkins gets the credit and the blame. This is the kind of movie critics love. That doesn't mean you are going to have a good time at the movies. It is tough and gritty and at times hard to watch. Would you expect any less in a story of growing up poor, black and gay in Miami? The performances are riveting and will be noticed in awards season.The only flaws might be in technical areas. The cinematography tries to be arty but at times is a distraction. The sound was such that you strained to hear the dialogue. The other problem is the written and directed syndrome. It is a tad too long. Sometimes scenes seem to start too early and go on too long. The many fades to black feel long.This movie effectively transports the viewer to a environment not usual seen. It is done with passion and sensitivity. The movie is in limited release but worth seeking out. The shared audience gasp at the chair to the bully scene works best with an audience. If you can't find it in a theater, be sure to see it on another platform. It's not a good time, but it's a very good movie.

Moonlight is not the best movie I've ever seen. Might not even make my top 10. But it is one of the best-acted movies I've ever seen because it is multi-layered and realistic. The story revolves around a young man named Chiron, who has a tough upbringing while dealing with bullies at school, a drug-addicted mother and also struggles with his sexuality. The story is told in three parts, and I really enjoyed the first part, which features Mahershala Ali, who is quickly becoming one of the most popular actors working today. Ali plays a drug dealer who befriends the young Chiron. The other parts are also interesting as Chiron grows up and evolves into a man who is still scarred by his upbringing. A diner scene in the third act is one of the best in the movie as the characters share a reunion that is joyous, yet awkward. The actors pull it off deftly, with most of the communication reflected simply with the eyes. I did have a few issues with the movie. I thought Naomie Harris was miscast as the drug-addicted mother. Her acting was OK, but Harris is British, and I can tell she struggled getting the black American dialect down pat. Why not an American actress? Also there is a "Brokeback Mountain" type of scene that was difficult to watch. At least 3 people in my theater walked out. It was even more disturbing because the actors are teens. However, kudos to the producers and director for taking a topic that has been done over and over (growing up in the inner city) and getting A-rated performances from mostly unknown actors.

I mean I suspect the subject matter might be hard for some to overcome, and rate this film on its own merits. If one does, you'd have to come to the conclusion that anything under a 7/10 is ludicrous. I'm stuck between 9 and 10, and a little disturbed how so many films hover in the mid-8's for so long and then this is at 7.7.This is a fantastic work of art. "Moonlight" follows its protagonist through three segments of his life, each powerful on its own. All the actors cast to fill the roles make the transitions seamless, even though the characters change physically and emotionally. Production-wise, "Moonlight" is a ray of light; each frame, in my opinion, a work of perfection. The cinematography, lighting, and soundtrack create a rich, deep world of pain, healing, hope and style. This is near flawless story-telling, and the films balance between the homosexual drama, and the tough ghetto setting shreds stereotypes, and makes everyone rethink the subject.The 'boring' reviews are flat-out ridiculous! At first the "Boyz in the Hood(10)meets Brokeback Mountain(8)" comparison sounds crass and ridiculous, and both are good films and worthy company. This might be as good as Singletons similarly groundbreaking film(the acting is even stronger)and it IS clearly better than Brokeback -a far more in depth examination of its protagonist and those around him. It's really more like Scorcese's Goodfellas in how the film looks, sounds, and in the end, works. This is a clash of two worlds in part because no one has told the story. The entire film took guts to make, and obviously a deft touch to make it so well. .SUperb film! 1/10 to 3/10 reviews are as ridiculous and as unfair as any I've seen, especially in these numbers, but then again, what did I(or should we) expect. Take your agendas out of movie-rating. Well-deserved Best Picture nod. No controversy here about anything, unless you're the one bringing it to the table. Moves in front of "Hell or High Water" for the current top spot in my top-25 for 2016, 49/90 through the watchlist.Let me put it this way. Even if one thought the films' story or characters, or acting was subpar(which im having a hard time even typing), you still would have to concede this film looks superlative. The camera-work, lighting, and sound alone would deserve a 6, All by themselves. And the realization that this is a feature film debut, from a reviewer who's seen nearly 4400 films, is truly mind-boggling. One film in, I will watch everything this director makes.

Right from the get go, you can tell this is an incredibly well shot, well written indie film. Told in three parts from the perspective of Chiron, who has a different nickname for each time in his youth, this is an enriching story about a boy growing up in rural Miami, troubled by his crack- addicted mother (played brilliantly by Naomi Harris) and facing the uncomfortable truth that he is a gay man. What I really loved about the movie is that it tackles all the stereotypes we know about black men and blows the lid off homophobia in the black community. Mahershala Ali plays a drug dealer who takes care of Chiron while his mother occupied (with either drugs or men). And I can tell you right now, he is completely the opposite of what you would expect from a street dealer. He is kind, compassionate and answers Chiron's questions about homosexuality like a caring parent. I was bit disappointed by the ending - as I was expecting something a bit more of a kick, or a passionate argument. There is a small revelation about Chiron, an incident when he was teen that scared him from ever getting close to anyone again, but that's it. Other than that, it's a truly beautiful film that was deserving of its awards.
