
I want to love this film and everything about it except, just about every scene is three times longer than it needs to be.

I don't know how this movie is rating over 90% on RT. It was dull dull dull.
Here's why: The director chose to make his movie as visually stylish as possible, with much of the movie filmed in portrait with bokeh backgrounds, very sluggish delivery of dialogue (the lead lady talked like she just woke from a nap), and overall just lack of substance. The film felt very artificial, it didn't feel real as well. The background music didn't help either, it sounded like it was somewhere between Taxi Driver and Film Noir. Didn't suit it at all. And then there was Tish's narration, it definitely didn't fit at all. It definitely sounded like it was ripped from the pages of the book, and not at all the words of a 19 year old girl.
The trailers seem to sell this as a movie about a couple going through difficulty with the fiance being in wrongfully jailed. Well, that part of the movie just doesn't really work, because of the overall lack of focus of the film - is it about the couple, is it about justice, is it about single mothers? The whole setting up of, and keeping Fonny in jail, felt overly contrived, not realistic.
The fight at the beginning of the film between the two sets of families is also forced. Let's just have a scene of sass talk, even though it was already hinted to the audience that there was already tension between the families. What did they expect?
Sorry, but I think you should skip Beale Street if you're looking for a film with engaging characters, good pacing, and a good story arc. Not this disjointed, snail paced mess.

Another way too overrated snail paced Barry Jenkins film.Every now and then a film comes along that gets a ridiculous amount of award nominations, primarily only due to its message - and that's it, just like Barry Jenkins' Moonlight. This is another one of those films, again, by Barry Jenkins.Sure it was perfectly cast and acted, but it was too slow and didn't really have anything exciting to offer except for a story that's been told before - only a little fancier and a lot longer and slower. This seems to be Barry Jenkins pattern, and although some people don't mind long lengths of boredom, I can't stand it. Especially when the ending is anti-climatic and underwhelming.The cinematography was great, but the 119 min length felt like 3+ hours, especially when almost every scene was 2-10x longer than it should have been. This film should have been cut/edited down to a 1 hour TV movie.Not a bad story, but not great either. It's way too overrated. Note to self: no more slow burn overrated Barry Jenkins films. It's only a 4/10 from me.

Based on James Baldwin's 1974 novel of the same name, If Beale Street Could Talk is really two stories in one; there's the love story at the narrative's core, giving the film much of its tonal qualities, and on the surface, there's a socio-political protest, which provides most of the main plot points. At a quick glance, this should be a masterpiece - there's the foundation of James Baldwin, arguably the most significant African-American author of all time, and this is the first English-language adaptation of one of his novels; there's writer/director Barry Jenkins, fresh off the Oscar-winning Moonlight (2016); there's a theme that is (sadly) almost as pertinent now as it was in 1974; there's James Laxton's extraordinarily vibrant cinematography; there's a bevvy of hugely talented actors; there's Nicholas Britell's absorbing and melancholy score. This should have been a home run. However, although I found it aesthetically faultless, much like Moonlight, I felt the totality was considerably less than the sum of its exceptional parts. The biggest problem is the somnolent love story. Employing a Terrence Malick-esque esoteric voiceover, Jenkins lifts entire passages directly from Baldwin. However, what reads beautifully in the novel is badly out of place in the film, even in voiceover, and has the effect of rendering the two central characters completely unrealistic, with their love for one another idealised to such an extent as to become ridiculous.New York, 1974; 19-year old Clementine "Tish" Rivers (KiKi Layne) and 22-year old Alonzo "Fonny" Hunt (Stephan James), who have known one another since they were children, have fallen in love, and are planning to get married and raise a family. Fonny has quit his job working for a furniture manufacturer, hoping instead to make it as a sculptor. However, when he is accused of rape, the victim mistakenly identifies him in a line-up, and he is charged and detained. Awaiting his trial, Tish visits him in jail, telling him she is pregnant. Ecstatic at the news, Fonny says he can't be in prison when the baby is born, and so Tish and her family determine to do anything it takes to get him out as soon as possible. With this as the central framework, the story is told in a non-linear style, jumping back and forth from one time period to another, which has an important thematic effect that I'll discuss below.Aesthetically, much like Moonlight, If Beale Street Could Talk looks amazing. From Laxton's vibrant cinematography to Caroline Eselin's colour coordinated costume design (just look at all the yellow in the opening scene - in both the photography and the wardrobe), everything we see rings true, like a Jack Garofalo photograph come to life. Even more visually lyrical than Moonlight, the saturated colour palette of Beale Street recalls Douglas Sirk's Technicolour-soaked melodramas. Jenkins has been very open about his admiration for filmmakers such as Sirk, Claire Denis, and Hsiao-Hsien Hou. However, he is most clearly indebted to Kar-Wai Wong; seen in Beale Street's non-linear narrative and relatively slight plot, its poetic tone, the centrality of music, and its tendency to use visuals rather than dialogue to convey thematic points (although Jenkins is nowhere near as formally experimental as Wong).As in both Medicine for Melancholy (2008) and Moonlight, Jenkins occasionally has characters speak directly to camera. They're not breaking the fourth wall, however. Such scenes are dialogue scenes, with two characters speaking to one another, so when one speaks directly to camera, it's as if the camera is between the two of them. It's a technique that was used most famously (and effectively) in The Silence of the Lambs (1991), where each character looked directly into camera when speaking to Clarisse Starling (Jodie Foster), whereas she always looked just slightly off-camera, setting up a fascinating visual contrast which encourages us to identify with her. Beale Street doesn't do anything as interesting or subtle with the technique, but Jenkins's tendency to use it during moments of heightened emotion does have the effect of suturing the audience into the milieu of the film.As mentioned above, the use of a non-linear narrative structure has an important thematic effect. We know from the second scene that Fonny is in jail, meaning that as we watch Tish and Fonny planning their future, renting an apartment, having sex for the first time etc, there's a permanent shadow over everything we see; we know that things go wrong, because we know much more than the characters do. For the most part, this contributes to the tone of the film, thus justifying itself. However, Jenkins overuses the technique. I understand why the film is told out of sequence, but I don't understand why it's told out of sequence to such an extent. Compare this with Sean Penn's The Pledge (2001). For the most part, it's a linear narrative, except that the first scene shows us the protagonist, Jerry Black (Jack Nicholson) as a broken-down alcoholic. The rest of the film takes place prior to this scene, so when we see Nicholson fall in love with Lori (Robin Wright) and spend a blissful Christmas with her and her daughter, we know that something terrible is coming, knowledge that casts a shadow over the entire film. Penn accomplishes this with a single scene, right at the start of the film. Beale Street, on the other hand, jumps all over the place, never settling into a standardised rhythm, with the cumulative effect becoming one of distraction rather than immersion.Which brings me to the film's most significant problem - the love story at its centre just didn't work for me. This is partly because of the emotional distance Jenkins maintains, but it's primarily because Fonny and Tish don't seem like real people, not in the way they gaze into one another's eyes as if they are seeing each other for the first time, not in the way they speak to one another as if every syllable is of earth-shattering portentousness. They rarely speak normally; instead, they adopt the eloquence of James Baldwin. In lifting sections directly from the novel, Jenkins has failed to consider the differing demands of the medium - what works on the page, doesn't necessarily work on the screen, and the reproduction of Baldwin's rich and lugubrious prose is simply unrealistic, with the delivery sounding stilted and awkward, and, most egregiously, far beyond the lexicon of the characters. This is especially apparent in Tish, whose expressive voiceover is far beyond anything we see of her character in the film itself.In this sense, they don't come across as people with their own interiority and psychological verisimilitude, instead functioning as cogs in the machinations of Jenkins's thematic concerns. Tish, in particular, feels like a cypher, because of her dual role as a young girl trying to get her man out of jail, and a sage-like observer of institutionalised racism. Fonny too has an important dual role - that of a young man falsely imprisoned, and that of a tragic figure standing in for the millions of African-Americans unjustly imprisoned throughout history. Jenkins doubles down on this point by intercutting the film with black-and-white photographs of Henry Smith, Jesse Washington, Will Brown, Emmett Till, and the Freedom Summer Murders. The point is clear; Fonny is a grand representative of the crimes committed against Africa-Americans in the US. However, his character never attains the kind of grandeur such a representative must, by definition, possess.Another problem concerns the depiction of Bell (Ed Skrein), the racist cop who frames Fonny. Played as a leering pantomime villain, with bad hair, bad teeth, and bad skin, he's obviously a metaphor for the ugliness of racism, but he's so completely over the top, it rips you right out of the film. On the other hand, Regina King's portrayal of Tish's mother, Sharon, is exceptional. If you really want to see what an acting powerhouse King can be, she's never been better than she was in the second season of The Leftovers (2014), and she brings much of the silent depth with which she portrayed Erika Murphy in that show to Beale Street. The scene where she heads to Puerto Rico to try to persuade the rape victim, Victoria Rogers (Emily Rios), that Fonny didn't rape her is one of the most harrowing things you'll see on screen all year, with King conveying her emotional state primarily by her facial gestures.Beale Street is an undeniably beautiful film that depicts the love between two astonishingly attractive people (it's worth noting that in the novel, Fonny's unattractiveness is emphasised). Jenkins's interpretation turns Fonny and Tish into a Ken and Barbie-esque couple, undermining Baldwin's depiction of them as existing in a realistic milieu. Taking a meditative approach to the material, Jenkins's adaptation never rings true. Whereas Baldwin's Tish and Fonny are flawed, contradictory, and relatable, Jenkins's protagonists are too-perfect-to-be-real, with every agonisingly serious pronouncement they make to one another pushing them further and further away from connecting with the audience on an emotional level.

The acting was great, especially Regina King. She deserves every award she is nominated for in this pic. I heard so much about this film at TIFF and I was so looking forward to seeing it, but I didn't get around to it until December. The direction and pacing were almost too deliberate, to the point of distraction, and at times the camera work left me feeling motion sick. What it comes down to, though, is the ending. It felt unfinished and I walked away from the film feeling like the story hadn't been told. Too bad, really, because it was starting to look like a beautiful, if tragic, film.

Two years after sending shockwaves through the film world with "Moonlight," which went on to win Best Picture at the Academy Awards, Barry Jenkins is back with "If Beale Street Could Talk." Needless to say, the film is excellent and is everything one could hope a follow-up to "Moonlight" would be. The film follows a young African-American couple in Harlem before and during when the man is wrongfully accused of sexual assault. While such difficult subject matter could feel slightly tone-deaf to some in the era of #MeToo, viewers should rest assured that Jenkins handles the material with a delicate and incredibly thoughtful sense of sensitivity. Like "Moonlight," the film's aesthetic qualities feel almost lyrical in tone, which is a beautiful sight to behold. The score is also superb as well, managing to be both quietly rousing and emotionally stirring.Jenkins' technique of characterizing the setting or settings where his films are set is put to great use here. New York City feels almost like a character in this film, as it adds a rich tapestry to the film's narrative. This sense is heightened further when paired with a meticulous sound design, where even simple and day-to-day sounds like a subway car rolling into the station enhance the viewing experience. The acting is strong and quietly powerful from beginning to end, and the amount of thoughtful character development that Jenkins deploys throughout the story's narrative is commendable. The same can be said to the film's frequent use of narration. In many other films, this could have come off as annoying, but the film uses this tactic to great ends here by primarily using it to enhance the audience's emotional connection to the characters. Such a connection further builds up the powerful nature of the film's narrative, which makes a powerful and deeply tragic statement on the nature of racism without ever resorting to feeling heavy-handed by the end. I will note that the film does take some time to get going and has a few minor redundancies in its beginning scenes. But otherwise, this film is superb and on par with "Moonlight" in quality. Baldwin's prose is not just honored in this film, but it is cherished. 9/10

I hated MOONLIGHT. That said, this film by Barry Jenkins may be even worse. The central story is good enough, but the long, slow, lifeless scenes just pile up on each other. Long, lingering looks at actors add nothing to the story and kill the pacing.The flashback narrative is ok but there are far too many scenes that go nowhere (like the loft rental scene). It's ad is the director has no idea when to yell "cut" and the editor doesn't edit.On top of these basic flaws, the central characters are boring. They are in love. We get it! Move on! The mother (played by Regina King) has some potential, but even her "big scene" (a trip to Puerto Rico) isn't that big. I don't understand the Oscar nomination for King.The real killer is that as the film moves toward a specific climax (involving the false accusation of rape and the guy's incarceration) and then pulls the rug out from under the viewer. It then tacks on a "years later" epilogue that drags on for another 5 minutes. We get it! Move on!No wonder this was a big flop at the box office!

We see a lot of movies and I have to say this one was the ....s...l...o...w...e....s...t paced one I've ever ever seen, almost distractingly slow. The whole story could have been told in about 20 minutes instead of being dragged out for nearly 2 hours. Even the individual scenes took forever, with the camera slowing panning back and forth and back and forth. The movie finally wrapped up to an unsatisfying ending. Not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it ranks in the lower half of the pile.

This film is based on James Baldwin's novel of the same name. I read it at the time and was very moved. It told me so much I didn't know. But that was in 1974, and one has heard the same story over and over since then. Barry Jenkins is telling a period piece, a mood piece. It is brilliantly acted and gorgeously shot. The music is too loud, but maybe that is deliberately appropriate. The narrative moves very slowly, with the deceptive languor of the South. That might work if it were set in the South, but it's not; it's Harlem. It has the feel of 1974, and it certainly could be New York - or Philadelphia or Baltimore - or Chicago or Detroit (which was only beginning to disintegrate then). In short, it doesn't feel tethered. Memphis, it is not. The result is that, unlike Moonlight, which was very involving, this film is rather stereotypical. Again, that was new in 1974. But not now. Today, we see the same stories over and over on TV screens - some of which are sadly still all too true, and others which are probably ginned up and definitely exploitive. I kept looking at my watch and thinking, "will nothing ever happen?", and it didn't. In short, If Beale Street Could Talk does look impressive. (Jenkins' fans are already gushing. And I am one, but I'm not blown away.) Moonlight it is not.

Loved Moonlight and was expecting a lot from this film.
The basic problem is simple: this should have been a play.
It doesn't work as a movie despite strong acting because the plot is thin
and Jenkins' decision to slow the pace to a crawl exacerbates the lack of plot.
There wasn't an original idea in the movie and the heavy reliance on stereotypes made it preachy.
Potential viewers should ask why it took 44 years for this James Baldwin novel
to make it to the screen before watching.

I really enjoyed Moonlight and was really looking forward to Jenkins new film especially with all the high reviews but it was truly disappointing. Sure the cinematography, acting and music is exceptionally well done yet the most vital part is the story which was so slow, dull and boring, almost an outdated trite 1970s film with nothing really refreshing except a story that easily could have been shot as a short film or tv episode but 2 plus hours just felt like a painful boring experience. And the ending is the worst part that leaves one without any finality or closure after all the family goes through and the lovers and it ends with him taking a plea and doing time. Almost makes one wonder what inspired Jenkins to make a film about this subject matter that is so dated or is it to show that not much has changed since the 1970s. Huh?Hopefully his next film is more entertaining and a story that has some more depth to it. I give it a 5.

Very disappointed that so many entertaining and riveting scenes from the book were left out. We ended up with just a soapily portrayed and slow-moving love story involving two unrealistically beatiful people. In the novel, Tish was portrayed as being a little ugly and Foni has missing teeth. In the novel, the lawyer tells Tish and her Mother that Foni's mother and two sisters had told the DA that they would testify against Foni. In the novel there is a funny scene where Foni's father was able to convince his wife to have sex by claiming he had the Holy Ghost in him. The cinematography was excellent but the scenes lingered too long. All the actors were excellent in spite if the poor direction and screenplay.
This movie Baldwin does him and his artistry a disservice and I'm sure he would be turning in his grave, as it misreprents the character and tone of the novel.

If Beale Street Could Talk is hands down one of the best movies of the year. Barry Jenkins again triumphs in truly showing, not simply telling, that blackness is beautiful and that black lives do matter.Part of me understands the argument that this would have been best served as a theatrical production, as the dialogue feels as such at times. But then I come back to the fact that Jenkins is such an immersive director: intimate visual style, precise editing that enriches both the themes and intrigue of narrative, and his perfect use of music. The cinematic medium allows for the expressionistic strokes that elevates the story to such a powerful experience.Final thought: I do not remember life before this Nicholas Britell score. I keep refreshing Spotify hoping for it to drop.

This movie was slow (almost just as slow as moonlight was) and the dialogues were just terrible.
It was too theatrical.
The leading girl did her best but she kinda annoyed me.
I don't get why this movie is so popular, I didn't get the commotion around Moonlight either.

There was no story told here. A collection of scenes with overlay of narration so you have some context as to what is happening. Shaky camera with close ups had me looking away from the screen to stop vertigo.

.. this movie was downright BORING.
If I hadn't paid $10 to see it on the big screen, I would have turned it off halfway through and never looked back.

I guess I should have checked the reviews here before watching and spending (wasting) time watching... as so many of these reviews are right-on.
This movie certainly does not live up to its opening lines of being a representation of how, "Every black person in America was born on Beale Street". As far was what it presents and how it presents it, is just plain BAD. Not the acting per se. They actually did a descent job with what they were given. But as to the story, other than the hint of a racist cop and how an innocent man was 'forced to take a plea' due to our system of justice (which by the way isn't limited to any particular race), amounting to all of about ten minutes worth of viewing and was just a quick 'recap', the film itself was a long, boring soap opera of a movie that had little to do with the black man's 'plight' in this country. And, even at that, after the mother-in-law had the sh** slapped out of her for 'bad mouthing' the daughter, it was all downhill. It was so poorly written that it actually played on a stereotypical theme of black men resorting to crime to come up with some much needed money. (So much for its theme.) There are SO many better movies on the subject that are well worth watching. A couple that come to mind are "Mudbound (2017) and Loving (2016) that more adequately depict the attitudes that have prevailed and even been codified in laws around this country...
As far as this movie is concerned, I would recommend skipping it altogether (although, I did fall asleep to it, twice :-)

A slow burner that never caught fire. To be honest the constant stereotyping got boring...a land where everyone is corrupt, all cops are racist and no one is guilty of anything is so outdated and easy to churn out. Wouldn't recommend.

This movie was amazing! It was refreshing to see your true love story. I also love the way it told the story of a generation of lost men and shattered families at the hands of institutionalized racism. And how I generation of single mothers came to exist in America. Well written, well acted and beautifully shot.

Started out great, then dragged itself into a painful death.

Very slow paced. A few sparkles but nothing major. Nice to see some familiar faces from Netflix. Overall I was disappointed. Would highly recommend Green Book as an alternative

This is a nothing movie. The script feels like it should fill a maximum of 10 minutes but it's dragged out to nearly 2 hours. It's not a particularly interesting or dramatic or emotional story. The cinematography makes it feel like it is far more deep than it actually is. Every few minutes there is the same annoying piano music where the filmmaker is trying to say there is some deeper, philosophical, transcendent, profound meaning going on, when actually it's just dull and pretentious story telling. Waste of 2 hours of life

First, I need to make it clear that I was no fan of 'Moonlight' but I was very interested in 'If Beale Street...' because of the topic. It was getting many nominations and rave reviews (just like Moonlight). I knew that the movie was about a black man accused of a crime he did not commit and that interested me. Racism is a major social problem, and it has produced some very good movies. So it was not unreasonable to expect a high quality film.I was very disappointed that what could have been a very good movie that was based on probably a very good book (I have not read the book, but I may in the future) was ruined by a terrible screenplay, and poor editing. It is broken into pieces that don't fit, so there is no flow. It moves slower than snails. First 20-30 minutes were OK, but later it became boring and tiresome to watch due to the slow pace. I was very bored, and rather irritated by the lame attempts to be artistic. Scenes go on forever, as if the editor and the director were both asleep and forgot to cut.The acting by all actors was good. Regina King is winning nominations and/or awards. I find that surprising. Nothing wrong with her acting, but the role idoes not offer much, except for two emotional scenes near the end, and she does well in them. When compared with her competition for Best Supporting Actress, I don't feel this is a strong enough role when compared with others, that is, not strong enough to win.Overall, this could have been a very good movie but whatever approach they used for telling the story has not worked for me.

Watched it yesterday 19/2/2019 in the theater.
This movie is the worst choice to see in the theater.
Every scene is enlarged 20 times longer than needed. The end is so predictable. People left in the middle of the movie. I have never seen such a boring movie.

Awful acting, no story, ending was abysmal and I was ever so disappointed with knowing that the executive producers are renound actors themselves. It's as if Hollywood has gone dry on scripts or there is no more stories to be told. This film has been nominated for Oscars. The mind blows and so does this film

A sumptuously shot, delicately layered & beautifully composed symphony of love, hope, tragedy, sacrifice & communal bonding, If Beale Street Could Talk is a pure, poetic & passionate piece of work from Barry Jenkins that presents the filmmaker making terrific use of his skillset to deliver yet another emotionally resonant fable.The story follows a young African-American woman whose life takes a tragic turn after her fiancé is wrongfully arrested for a crime he didn't commit. With the couple expecting their first child, she races against time to prove his innocence and seeks support from her family who help her throughout her pregnancy and with the case.Fresh from his Academy Award-winning Moonlight, writer-director Barry Jenkins translates James Baldwin's novel on the film canvas with honesty & authenticity, thus making sure the story's essence remains in tact. Each scene is crafted with care & compassion, and the resulting imagery from that is rich in both colours & emotions.From a technical standpoint, If Beale Street Could Talk is sophisticated filmmaking throughout. The images aren't just gorgeously rendered but are more than capable of narrating the entire story without any verbal exposition. The unhurried pacing is deliberate yet may not appease all while Nicholas Britell's stirring score is as fitting as it is emotionally evocative.Coming to the performances, the film packs a reliable cast in Kiki Layne, Stephan James, Regina King, Colman Domingo, Brian Tyree Henry & Ed Skrein, and none of them falter in their respective roles. Layne & James play the young couple and share a heartfelt chemistry on screen. Skrein is easily detestable as the racist cop. And King leaves her own mark with a solid input.On an overall scale, If Beale Street Could Talk is an amalgamation of polished direction, sincere writing, arresting photography, mesmerising score & committed performances that manages to be heartwarming & heartbreaking in equal doses, and finds Barry Jenkins channeling his creative energy to give expression to his African-American legacy through the eyes of a young couple, their families & their lives.

Beautifully shot and wonderful soundtrack- great acting but not a lot else - yes it's very slow - don't know what all the hype was about

Make no mistake that Regina King plays a great part. She deserves to be recognised given a better role and another director.The movie starts out with lots of hope for a film that has a 'line in the sand' drawn when it comes to inequality in the world, especially when it comes to the USA.Unfortunately, soon after the popcorn / candy-bar commercials faded, the movie went flat and stayed there at the bottom of the A&E heart-monitor screen.A real pity as some of the actors were there to put in stellar-performances but the movie will never be remembered and they will never have the chance to shine. That is, if this is the only movie that they work on.Most are much, much better than this and I expect to see them again playing in far more important roles !Keep an eye-out for Regina King though. She deserves another 'go'.

... Half way through the movie. My partner and I looked at each other at the same time we were so bored.

The millionth film about black people suffering and being in a position of weakness, but this time with a lot of silence, looong pauses between words, and ridiculously slow scenes. Mandatory white people being mean to black people just because and all other racial cliches. Bonus: black person saying "the white man is the devil".

Fresh off his big Oscar-winning success with Moonlight, director Barry Jenkins is back with some more art house fare-this time based on James Baldwin's 1974 novel of the same name. Jenkins is pretty faithful to the novel but Baldwin's flowery prose doesn't always translate that well to the big screen.
Part of the problem is Baldwin's 19 year old protagonist Tish, whose narration is way too omniscient for a teenager. It becomes pretty obvious that it's really Baldwin's voice we're listening to but on the big screen her voice seems out of place.
Worse yet is Jenkins' reverential attitude toward both Tish and her 22 year old boyfriend Fonny, whom she's attempting to extricate from the prison system, after he's been falsely accused of raping a Puerto Rican woman. Jenkins puts Tish and Fonny on complementary pedestals where both actors Kiki Layne and Stephan James end up having little to do.
Fonny in particular is a poorly developed character as we find out so little about him-all we know is that he's an aspiring sculptor who feels so underappreciated by his boss (a furniture manufacturer), that he steals the tools at the workplace so he can set up his own studio and impress the world with his wood-working masterpieces.
Jenkins keeps reminding us just how wonderful this couple is and presents their love-making scenes like a beautiful Hallmark Greeting card. There is a reason of course why Jenkins refuses to present a more realistic "warts and all" portrait of his modern-day Romeo and Juliet-and that of course is the more they appear as saints, the uglier those who are attempting to destroy them (i.e. a racist society), will appear.
Baldwin makes it clear that his is a pessimistic vision of race relations in America especially when he writes in "If Beale Street Could Talk," "The kids had been told that they weren't worth sh** and everything they saw around them proved it." Jenkins takes this sentiment and amplifies it: not only in elevating his protagonists to virtual sainthood but inserting historical still photos (e.g. southern chain gangs) linking the excesses of the past to the present. The main antagonist, the racist cop who frames Fonny, is also a bit too reminiscent of the kind that shows up in some of Spike Lee's polemical spectacles.
In Jenkins' world, the deck is stacked against African-Americans: not only is Fonny caught in the spider's web where a corrupt district attorney's office has rigged things so that his trial is delayed (meaning more attorney's fees for the family), but both Tish and Fonny's fathers must resort to grand larceny down in the garment district to pay for the anticipated added attorney expenses. Fonny's friend, Daniel, who can provide his only alibi, is unable to do so, having been newly arrested, with a prior conviction, based solely on trumped-up charges.
Now of course there is a long history in this country of people (particularly African-Americans) of being falsely accused in the justice system (and believe it or not, other ethnic groups and even whites, being framed by corrupt cops). But in watching "Beale Street," one might come away believing that in most cases members of minority groups are incarcerated merely due to being victims of racism. If this truly was the case, just about any incarcerated individual could use the past claim of racism to excuse their conduct and be released. It's understandable how incidents (such as the one depicted here) are assumed to happen more than they do-in reality, most criminals are incarcerated due to their own nefarious deeds.
While his supporting players are certainly more interesting than his principals, Jenkins still exaggerates Baldwin's descriptions and turns Fonny's mother and sisters into shrill martinets-stereotyped religious zealots who are roundly condemned by the other side of the family. Only Regina King as Sharon, Tish's mother, has the best part in the film as the affirmative family crusader--in a futile quest to change the mind of her son's accuser.
One wonders if Jenkins really believes that he can trust the audience he is beholden to-the white establishment that buys the tickets and gives out the awards. Despite his talents (including his great knowledge of cinematography and ability to extract fine performances from his actors), there is something very insecure about a person who feels he must proselytize (as well as perhaps intimidate) in order to cultivate approbation.
One wishes Jenkins' writing could rise to the level of say noted African-American Pulitzer Prize winning playwright/screenwriter August Wilson. In Wilson's masterful drama Fences, his protagonist is done in by his own hubris, despite facing years of racism in his personal and professional life. Jenkins' (and Baldwin's) Fonny has no such fatal flaw.
In the end, Jenkins' current captive audience of those who crave melodrama over tragedy will eventually begin leaving in droves-when it's finally discovered the emperor has no clothes!

Director/Writer Barry Jenkins scored an unexpected Oscar upset a few years ago when his film MOONLIGHT won the Best Picture Oscar (besting LA LA LAND), so it was with much anticipation that his follow-up film was coming out, just in time for Oscar consideration this year - and the Oscar Buzz was loud. So, I decided to check it out...And...I'm glad I did, so I can warn you to stay away for IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK starts slow and then...slows down even more...and, if that isn't slow enough for you, kicks it down a couple of notches before finishing up on an even slower note.Based on the best selling book by James Baldwin and telling the tale of a wrongfully incarcerated African-American man and his family, BEALE STREET is a languidly paced meditation on the constant living in fear of the African-American community in NYC in the early 1970's, and when "the system" fails this family, they are afraid of doing more for it might just make things worse.The film starts out winningly enough when the 2 sets of parents of our young lovers get together to discuss the unexpected coming of a grandchild into this world. The 4 parents (Regina King, Coleman Domingo, Michael Beeach and Aunjanue Ellis) start out civilly, if coldly, but things quickly escalate into a crackling scene that explodes on-screen and I was looking forward to more of this foursome combating with each other for the rest of the film.Unfortunately, the rest of the film focuses on the two young lovers (Kiki Layne and Stephan James) and these two are not charismatic or charming enough to hold the audience's attention during low-key scene after low-key scene.Blame for this must go to Jenkins, who is making a very personal, intimate film, but - unlike something like ROMA - the world that this personal pastiche is thrown into is not interesting enough to hold interest nor are the pictures rich enough to look at, they are mostly washed out and boring.Regina King is being touted as a "sure-fire" Academy Award nominee (and front runner to win the Best Supporting Actress Oscar) and I just don't see it. She was "fine" but nothing more in an underwritten role that was just as low-key and uninteresting as the rest of the film.Give me the 4 parents feuding and we just might have an interesting film.If you are looking for a low-key, moody film, check out ROMA, you can skip BEALE STREET.Letter Grade: C5 stars (out of 10) and you can take that to the Bank (of Marquis)

Maybe as a Jr College play in 1975 this would've been something... But as a movie in 2018? Smh... How do u watch an entire story play out based on a false accusation of a serious crime and NEVER learn how much time he got... or whatever became of the crooked cop, the sleazy victim, Vonnies crazy mama, etc??... Even Regina King, she's nominated for all kinds of awards but we NVR even see her again after Puerto Rico... For all we know, she's still in that alley... Smh. Worst waste of time since "The Domestics"... I ONLY GAVE IT 2 STARS FOR CASTING THE ALWAYS BRILLIANT COLEMAN DOMINGO...IF NOT FOR HIM, I WOULDN'T HAVE LASTED 20 MINUTES.

I just walked out of this movie and thats the first time ever. I go see movies a lot and the storytelling just never gripped me.
I dont know if it is the slow edit, the constantly repeatted theme in the background that started to get on my nerve, or the voiceover. Maybe it was the combination

Acting was great but that was about it for me.Main negative thing was audio .... missed so much as some was low mumbling or the Tish narration which wasn't very clear or loud enough. The others I was with also said they missed a lot as well. Slow moving and a tad boring. Also ... which I am confused about is if victim took off and wasnt at trial or no evidence was taken DNA or examination etc ... how was he sentenced. What was with Regina King's character wanting to wear a wig when in Puerto Rico ? Was this just to add another 5 minutes to movie?

It is surprising that this film is not up for a Best Picture Oscar given that an innocent black man endures prejudice and suffering because of race - a low key version of '12 Years a Slave'. While it may tick many Politically Correct boxes, it is a flawed film. Sadly it suffers from the same problem as so many movies today - the writer also directs and the writer can't bear to lose any one of his brilliantly written scenes, resulting in an overly long and tedious film.Without a strong producer, there is nobody to tell the director that his masterpiece could to with some tight editing to give narrative drive to the story and engage an audience rather than send them to sleep, Years ago, the average film was about 90/100 minutes while most today are 120 minutes or more but SHOULD be about 90/100 minutes. Great directors know how to edit and cut unnecessary footage - something this film badly needed. If Beale Street Could Talk plods along at a snail's pace and is something of an endurance test for the viewer - it calls for some drastic editing. Character driven stories are difficult o pull off without boring the audience and this film failed in that area.

This movie was so slow. What did they want to show us? Love or racism? This story could have been so good. But too bad they couldnt do it. No clue, no ending, nothing.

Too slow and trying to be too niche for my liking. The camera lingers and the musical score is supposed to do the job of filling in the silence; it fails. The culture of racial discrimination and the lost moments of love between the two main characters disappears down a black hole of wannabe art house pretentiousness. The actors put in a good performance but they've been let down by the director and producers.

The potential of the movie was high but it turned out to be boring and not toching.

Acting was ok but the direction bad. Every scene stretched out all the way to Mars. We wanted to scream - "When is this damn thing going to end?"

After seeing all the trailers and tv spots for this movie i gave in and watched the movie with my friend and we agreed that the movie was boring and had no conclusion. It might win for best cinematography and other merits, but won't win best picture at the oscars and golden globes.

If Beale Street Could TalkJenkins has made a romantic film whose drama may fiddle around the borders of racism and inequality but its heart lies on demanding answers from humanity. Initially, one would presume it to be a film about racism, but there is a lot more to explore than social satire, personally the soothing affectionate love that flows throughout the film spoke to me the most. If its first half is gripping family drama, resisting the obvious judgements of the society, the second half grows more head to head and this deep dive of characterization of his characters is where Jenkins steals the show.With all the chaos going through the film, there is an easiness in storytelling, the still camera, the illuminating thoughts of Layne, the calm sensible approach to the storm is what encourages you to hold on to it. And unlike Coogler or Lee, Jenkins has never been provocative, his confidence on his textbook productive methods speaks vividly on screen, like within the first few minutes, the conflicts between the family gets bubbled up expressively on the screen which shows his brilliant execution skills.But then this is no Moonlight, for a brief period Jenkins does lose its audience when the script gets damp, that entire middle act falls under the obligation category, it's that part where to offer a better closure Jenkins had to swoop it up on screen. One of the finest bits of the film is when Layne narrates her version of the world. It is so finely detailed and beautiful written that all of it gets in your bones within a snap, her job description is something that will stay with you throughout the course of the film.Jenkins may highlight each character by casting bigger actors, but he counts them on script with equal sincerity that leaves a long lasting impression, from Franco to Pascal to Rios to Skrein, each of them gets a unique act to play, that becomes into an antic itself. Even Luna's cameo that is barely there for a scene, casts an impression since the way Layne describes how she observes things. James as the victim of both love and hate, never manages to emerge himself ad more than a pity or a mellow case. While, Layne is the real deal, her carefully constructed and calculative performance is what glues all these characters tightly.Personally I prefer her in the bits where she is alone, on her own, away from James, that is when her real personality is brought out. King, on her supporting role deserves all the hype she comes with, her sharp bitter tongue whips you for its honesty and generosity. The ultimate final punch of hers which the movie was building towards, her compelling scene with Rios defines her excellence on performance. This project of Jenkins is a bit amiable, satisfied in its own term, If Beale Street Could Talk expands the possibility of the outcomes of a definitive case, in here, the romance conjured by him is his big win.

It's been two years since Barry Jenkins took the film industry by storm with his masterpiece, Moonlight. Jenkins is back at it again with his adaption of the acclaimed novel, If Beale Street Could Talk, by James Baldwin. Like Moonlight, Jenkins provides a film with such strong characters, and he is able to make viewers feel so connected to them. The movie is narrated by Tish Rivers, a 19 yr. old girl, who is pregnant with her soon to be husband Fonny Hunt's baby. We find out through the narrations that Fonny was falsely accused of rape, and is in jail when Tish learns she is pregnant. Tish is determined to get Fonny out of jail by the time their baby is born. With the help of her family, specifically her mother, (played by a terrific Regina King) the Rivers are willing to do whatever it takes to prove Fonny innocent. Like Jenkins' previous work, the film deals with such beauty and heartbreak. The movie does move slowly at times, but it's terrific camera work and sensational score by composer Nicholas Britell are certain to keep you engaged all the way. All in all the film has strong performances led by Stephan James, KiKi Layne, and Regina King, with a stellar screenplay by Barry Jenkins. When the credits role you will certainly find yourself trusting love all the way.

So beautiful, i am speechless. Slow paced showing every emotion.

Great film from Barry Jenkins! A moody film that focuses on a beautiful relationship. Regina King is triumphant, glad she got the Oscar nomination but was hoping for more recognition by the Academy for this film.

Great acting regardless of the fact the main male lead, mumbles half his lines. Good cinematography even though, scenes are badly paced and some seem to go on forever without any clear reason. A few obvious plot holes, completed with a rushed soulless ending, makes for an average night at the show. Music is terrific if not a bit repetitive.

Slow, boring, long slow shots constantly just for the sake of it. Very little to the story and I just can't understand what all the excitement is about. A large amount of the cinema was falling asleep including myself. The worst film so far this year.

After Moonlight expected him to move forward. Long shots of unnecessary dialongs, a lot "I love you babe, i love you more" romance, needles flashbacks. The only good thing was Regina King.

The most boring movie I've ever seen. Moved very slow.

I wanted to fall in love with this movie, for so many reasons. Mainly because I enjoy seeing black love in cinema, and I love seeing it evolve into a norm for American mainstream consumption.
But this movie fell short! Well not actually short on black love, because there was plenty of that... almost every scene (which was annoying btw). I really wanted to know more about the back story to the characters. I do not understand why the movie was so fragmented, it didn't flow although a good portion of it was done in flashbacks.
I didn't see enough of Regina King,..to truly say that her performance was Golden Globe worthy. I mean seriously, how did she win an award for a performance that had so little screen time? I was baffled.
I left the theater with so many unanswered questions about this film. I was underwhelmed. Each scene dragged on relentlessly, to the point of frustration. I kept waiting for something to happen...and nothing did.
This movie was a letdown.

So sssssssllllllloooooooowwwwww! I don't get it. Are we all experiencing a short attention span? Why produce a film you have to struggle not to be bore?

Despite the good acting, this love story does not catch at the heart strings. There is too little feeling in this film, probably because of the disjointed approach of the director. The end leaves us feeling little empathy with the characters, since we are not quite sure what the final outcome will be.
Slow slow and unmoving that I wanted to leave almost straight away

Emotional racial drama.Set in Harlem in the 1970's, this is a film about a young couple very much in love, just like 'To Kill a Mocking Bird' the protagonist is wrongly convicted of rape, we see strong support from her family to prove his innocence. She becomes pregnant, he goes to prison.I thought the plot was overly long, very slow, especially the character building scenes, the story could have told in 20 minutes. I wanted this movie to be better than it was, especially as I was keen to see it.At the risk of being considered racist I found this disappointing.

This film is paced just as it should be. This pace is the only way to tell the story. To know James Baldwin you would know this is his pace.
Very deep story of the treatment of Blacks in America, sadly because of racism. I was born in 1959. In 1974, I was 14 years old. I was aware of racism and the civil rights movement and the Black Panther movement. Blacks did not get a fair shake and even today we are not treated fairly. A good movie more of a non-fiction story rather than fiction. Thank you James Baldwin for your story and thank you Mr. Jenkins for telling Baldwin's story so well.

This film has a heart wrenching story and magnificent performances but the artsy-fartsy direction too often took me out of what could have been a truly compelling drama. The back and forth camera moves between 2 characters reminded me of the days of pan and scan for televised Cinemascope movies. Ecer heard od two shot or over the shoulder? That's just one example of many. I find this "technique" of film making pretentious and distracting.

It's like watching paint dry. Boring. I guess it's well acted. Story doesn't pay off at all.

This movie was a waste of time and money. I would never get those hours of my life back. It was stupid, pointless. I don't understand why was nominated for anything. If there's a war for worst movie of the year it would definitely win.

If Beale Street Could Talk retains the eloquence and anger from James Baldwin's novel. The on screen narration wants to bring the novel arrive but the non linear construction of the film makes it foggy at times and the pace languid.This is a tragic romantic drama about a young black couple. Tragic because the system is stacked against them, especially the justice system.19 year old Tish (Kiki Lane) and 22 year old Fonny (Stephan James) are childhood friends who grew up together and who become lovers in early 1970s Harlem.Any chance of future happiness is shattered when Fonny is wrongfully accused of rape mainly because a racist cop who Fonny had a run in with, sets him up as a suspect.Both families band together to raise money for his legal defence and even trace the victim who has fled to Puerto Rico.The most powerful scene in the film is when Fonny's religious mother gets slapped by her husband after she damns Tish for getting pregnant out of wedlock.There is a bleak hopelessness about the movie as the pregnant Tish and Fonny talk to each other in prison. As the months drag on, Fonny realises that he might not escape from this nightmare and becomes less confident of his chances at trial which is consistently delayed.The slow burn pace and confusing structure lets the film down. However writer/director Barry Jenkins brings an elegiac tone and carries an undercurrent of anger of Baldwin's writing.

If 'Moonlight' (2016) didn't convince you alone that Barry Jenkins is an expert behind the camera, then 'If Beale Street Could Talk' will leave no doubt in your mind. Visually, it's excellent; Jenkins creates a fantastic atmosphere and utilises the filmmaking to really bring the romantic aspect of the film to the forefront. He knows exactly what to show and what to leave out, even in the most basic of shots, which leads to an experience that allows you to do some of the work - rather than being spoon fed everything. The cinematography is great, too, and therefore the film is always beautiful to look at. Where it falters for me, however, is in its narrative. While it's never badly written or boring, the pacing is generally slow and a lot of it has limited engagement with the audience. Therefore, it never grips you like it should as a whole experience. Saying that, there are some excellent scenes that are very engaging and it definitely works in these moments. It's just a shame that the narrative as a whole never stays as consistent. Another issue is that it's quite unmemorable and, for a picture dealing with the issues that it does, it definitely shouldn't be. Luckily then, it's filled with fantastic performances that are highly believable and make the whole thing feel much more real. The chemistry between KiKi Layne and Stephan James is also really engaging and you quickly become invested in their romance because of how real it feels. There are quite a few 'cameos' from famous faces that, while good performances (except from Ed Skrein, who I believe was miscast), somewhat break the immersion as it's hard to see past the famous face and into the character due to how small their roles are. Overall though, the acting is generally outstanding and this, along with Jenkins' sublime direction and the stunning cinematography, makes it a recommendable picture despite the general lack of engagement and limited memorability. 6/10

This is a long, boring play... not a movie. Over dramatic and tedious and not worth the time to watch.

I went into this movie fully ready to love it unfortunately it was a huge let down. The movie was basically a lot of dialogue that was accompanied by longing looks. It's almost as if the producers never heard the phrase "show don't tell" because ohhh so much of this movie was just a voice over TELLING you information that would have been more impactful to see. I'm not sure if the movie turned out this way because of the lack of budget but if that is the reason this whole movie would have worked a lot better as a short film that was about 30 minutes long, instead they stretched out the story into two hours by having them look into the camera.If you want to watch a movie that deals with similar issue and is actually good I suggest the Blackkklansman movie which has an amazing story to tell.

Only 48 hours ago my wife and I belatedly watched the Oscar-winning Moonlight (a very odd choice for the best movie Oscar in my opinion), also written and Directed by Barry Jenkins. Today we saw Jenkins' follow up. Across the two movies it's notable that Jenkins doesn't do 'action',as both are glacially paced. He also doesn't do white actors. There are none at all in Moonlight and only 3 or 4 in Beale Street.Visually, Beale Street is stunning. Jenkins is not left down by his cinematographer, James Paxton, who was also shot Moonlight. This has moments of jaw-dropping beauty, and in Kiki Layne and Stephen James he has two faces that make for simply beautiful close ups. In creating a love story Jenkins has certainly cast a couple that you truly believe are besotted with another, and that is both sweet and charming.The movie also boasts am excellent soundtrack that has an epic central theme and a great deal of jazz to create mood where dialogue is in short supply.But the movie is letdown by a pretty unengaging story, some very dense dialogue (it's famine or feast in that respect) that is virtually indecipherable in places and central performances by the star struck lovers that are more lovely than moving.The only performance that, for me, leapt off the screen was that of the mother of Kiki Layne, Regina King. It is nuanced, engaging and powerful and she deserves the recognition she is getting.This is a year of huge black movies: Black Panther, BlackkKlansman, Green Book and this, all of which have been heavily nominated at The Oscars and BAFTAs. Of the four through it's only Spike Lee's terrific KKK movie that does it for me.It's slim pickings in the best movie department in 2019. Roma is a terrible bore, The Favourite is excellent, but is Lanthimos' third best feature. For me the movie of the year is Cold War with The Favourite and A Star is Born close behind. Not this, that's for sure.

No one wants to hear its seemingly endless ramblings of pointlessness. The movie is like stopping to ask for directions to a place 2 blocks away then being told how to get to every place else in the city before arriving at your intended destination. The scenes were "incohesive" the word doesnt begin to describe the depths to which this movie takes you with its horrible pacing and disjointed scenes. I really cant fathom how anyone who has truly seen the film and not just having rated it on the knowledge its about a young black man wrongly accused and incarcerated unfairly in an unjust system strongly weighted against all reasoning of righteousness and justice solely based on the color of his skin. THAT description of the movies source material I just gave would deserve an 8 but to have actually sat down and watched the whole movie there is no way anyone could give it more that a 4. Just for cinematography and music score. They butchered a powerful source and never put it back together correctly. Shame on FLUFF raters

This film IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK delivers that is directed by Barry Jenkins (MOONLIGHT), It tells that harsh realities of life of an African-American couple trying preserve their relationship while awaiting the birth of their child in Harlem. Though, the child's father is incarcerated for a crime he didn't commit. This film is creatively melancholy as the couple's families struggle along with them. Great performances throughout this film. But you can feel for all characters on how it's manifests them. It also focuses on the struggle of African-Americans as a whole.
Regina King shines in this film regardless of her minor screen time. Yes, it is not MOONLIGHT but Jenkins takes his second attempt as director to another world dealing with racism, poverty, family, love and most of all hope.
My rating: 8.0

The pacing on this movie, yes has its own cadence, yet so does life. Very solid acting - Ms. Layne does great. In a way - sad a movie to point out inequalities in our systems still have to be made. We all need to think and to consider the point this movie makes.

I was hesitate about this movie because people told me it was so sad. From the very beginning I thought the cinematography, acting, and sound track were captivating. The very well written dialogue and plot were creative enough to keep me interested. I didn't know who the director was until the end of the movie. I was very happy to see it was the talented Barry Jenkins. It's true the overall story wasn't a bright sunny day, but did it have to be ? It told the story of a love so pure and the unthinkable. See it !!!

Barry Jenkins really developed its own style. Its very elegant, smooth with dramatic close ups and followed by an atmospheric Soundtrack. And so is also his newest gig "If Beale Street Could Talk". The Story is adapted from the novel by James Baldwin and tells an intersting story of a pregant Woman who together with her Family wants to prove the innocence of her boyfriend and the Father of the child.
The film takes place decades ago but still feels like it is of our time. And that is shockingly sad. Very relevant Topics.
The acting is excellent. Kiki Layne will go a Long way. What a charismatic and talented new comer. She really owned the screen from the beginning to the end. Regina King is also very good but I find her overrated.. she is not the second coming of Christ, like this years Awards Season makes her appearing to be.. she is great and commanding yes, but to be honest there have been even better supporting Performances this year. Still a very good Performance by a very talented actress. The best performnce in my opinion came from Stephan James. Also a great Newcomer. He really dived into his character and made it one of the most appealing characters - also to feel sorry to - of the year. Other good Performances came from Aunjanue Ellis and Brian Tyree Henry. Another memorable aspect of the film was clearly the great score. The only film that bothered me was that the mid section seemed to drag a Little bit... great first and last third but the second third was a bit slow. Still stylish still with fine Moments, though

Barry Jenkins' best quality as a director is his ability to film movies with such a gentle, tender feel. This plays particularly well for films like this. The cinematography is an obvious standout, as are the score and performances. Beale Street definitely drags at times and it can't help but feel like a story this thin was stretched as far as it could go. However, any movie filmed this impressively is worth a watch.

I don't say this often about movies but I was blown away by this one completely and utterly. Sure it is a romance between a loving black man and black woman in New York in the 1970s. But there is more than that. It is made evident there is racism everywhere: from police out to get you on the streets, in prisons, in the court system, in housing, and everywhere else. At the same time it is not sentimental while the male and female leads (she narrates it) have important roles. The White Jewish lawyer is no help, the Black families (one of the man, the other of the woman) are almost at each other's throats at one point. Even so, there is a recognition of Black sisterhood especially when it comes to pregnancy and the importance of family. Perhaps there is even the feeling of despair like when the Black mother goes to Puerto Rico to talk to the housekeeper and spooks here or the demons, in a sense, facing the man in prison. All in all, this movie is definitely worth seeing and should be praised.There's more to say about this film. I would say this film is even more compelling than the last film by this director, Barry Jenkins, Moonlight, which came out in 2016. However, I can't say it is different than his other film, Medicine for Melancholy, which came out 2008, but I will watch that shortly and write a review on here without a doubt. This film focuses more on the surroundings and happenings around the characters than just their dialogue, which is an interesting way of framing the movie as a whole and is, arguably very powerful. Saying all of this I would like to hear any criticisms of this film because all I could find so far are overwhelmingly positive reviews, so that might cause me to change my opinion slightly on this film.This film, like many other films which have come out in recent years, is abundantly relevant to the present. Not only because it is based on James Baldwin's 1974 novel also named If Beale Street Could Talk, but because it further humanizes the Black experience, something which is still lacking in Hollyweird films despite improvements in recent years with films coming from Black directors, apart from Jenkins, like Spike Lee, Ava DuVernay, Steve McQueen, Boots Riley, and Ryan Coogler, to name a few. With that, my review of this film comes to a close.

If Beale Street Could Talk it would say watch Green Book

Powerful and Heart Wrenching. If Beale Street Could Talk is a moving and emotional roller-coaster.The direction on the film is super strong. Everything works perfectly. From the moment the bass hits on the first track of the film, the sound design is flawless. The films original score flirts perfectly with on screen imagery.In many ways, the films powerful imagery is thanks in no small part, to the wonderful acting. The two leads are utterly convincing. The connection between the leads was astounding.The film never manages to give much time to the wider-family members. Whilst this could be a criticism, the film does a wonderful job of establishing complexity of these characters.It's a moving film. Nothing much happens. And yet the whole world changes. It's a film for those who love cinema. It's for the viewer that cares about others and their lives.It's not often you'll visit the cinema and find a story this convincing.My only real criticism would be the final 10 minutes feel rushed. I'm not sure I had enough time to really accept the inevitable.But maybe that was the point. Sometimes in life, you just find yourself somewhere you never planned to be.

This is beautifully filmed and brilliantly acted. There is so much nuance in this portrayal of urban black cultures in the early 60's in America. It is deep, glorious, and harrowing. Made me truly ashamed to be white. Discriminated against on the basis of color? We humans are mad.

This film adaptation of James Baldwin's novel about a young black couple in New York City in the mid-20th century is a revelation. It brings to life a story of hope and tragedy in an era that feels both distant and yet not all that different from the present day.Barry Jenkins shows his master craft in depicting two young people who come from starkly different families, one very religious and the other of a more free-wheeling working class mentality, who find love and companionship with one another. Early on, the young woman discovers she is pregnant with the young man's child. Their lives take a dramatic turn when he is accused of rape.The film veers from one mood to another, from hope to angst to despair and back again. An incredibly potent soundtrack makes quiet, normal conversations seem pulsatingly tense and seething with emotion. Performances here are extraordinary, especially by Kiki Layne and Stephan James as the young couple.Not many films offer the kind of evocative, old school storytelling that is at work here. Quiet and deliberate but never less than compelling, this film leaves a mark. Grandly recommended.

A stunning film and a must see! With a true mix of emotions, it took until the credits fully rolled before I could take a breathe, and onto the parking lot, before I had a chance to really cry. This is an absolutely gorgeous film that moved far beyond my expectations. A must see, a must know about, and an epic journey into cinematic color, light and beauty. The music is so very well chosen. I was on an emotional ride from the first 5 to the last moments. This film deserves accolades on many fronts. It is a reminder of America's story, one we must look at again and again. As my partner held my hand he said, "This. This is our reality." Thank you for such a beautiful film.

Director Barry Jenkins has once again made a powerful film that speaks to the nation showing that black lives do matter as with injustice, love and connection is still possible. Based on James Baldwin's 1974 novel the film follows the lives of one young Harlem couple Tish(Kiki Layne) and Fonny(Stephan James) who live and love and become intimate as Tish becomes pregnant both have their world and lives turned upside down with drama as Fonny is charged with rape, and it's only by world of mouth. As clearly during this era blacks were wrongfully charged with many crimes. The film shows moments of emotions and love with passion and high family drama thru flashbacks. Tish's mother Sharon Rivers(in a strong and bold brash supporting turn from the sexy Regina King) keeps the flame and fight for justice going to try and prove Fonny's not guilty thing. Overall well done film of love, family, support, and emotion that deals with race, life, and injustice.

Watching this movie took me to the place and time. You can't help but invest into these characters and root for them. I know the director intended this to be a love story, while he did succeed in this, he also made something more.I know everyone is wondering, is this another Moonlight? The short answer is no, but doesn't mean it doesn't live up. Just a different kinda good. Acting was great, wish we got more Colman domino (big fan). Story was well written(had to purchase the book). Directing was real long moving and incredible(this guy is talented). This movie moved me and had me wanting for me.Barry Jenkins is a talented man. I can't wait for his new stuff, whenever that is. One thing I hope he does, if he ever sees this review, is to expand his beautiful horizon. Maybe dive into a Irish culture, a nostalgic Hispanic culture,
Maybe the suburbia white family (mad men like). Not a knock on what he is doing but just curious on how far he can peak with his talents.

. . . IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK is presently spilling its beans about New York City's "dirty little secret" from the 1900s here in our Modern 21st Century. Set during a time when most officers of the NYPD belonged to "the clan," and the city's "Justice System" was as rigged as an Electoral College Election, viewers puzzle over what all of this has to do with the Here & Now. Is the fact that a self-proclaimed "W*?$3 Nationalist" now currently occupies America's Oval Office somehow relevant to BEALE STREET's on-going release? Does the detail that this burnt orange bozo's "character" was molded by a sire that spent his Youth organizing the Big Apple for the clan have any bearing on BEALE STREET's case? BEALE STREET promotes the theory that the nut doesn't fall far from the tree. Could it be that the instigator of the Racist "Birther" Movement--the jerk who wanted the irrefutably exonerated "Central Park Five" executed anyway for acting too "uppity"--would be unlikely to sell many of his infamous Red hats on BEALE STREET?

If Beale Street Could Talk is the second film brought to us by Barry Jenkins, and is far better than I was expecting. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen, and I think it deserves all of the critical praise it's been getting lately. The phenomenal performances consistently took me by surprise in nearly every scene, and I completely forgot I was watching a movie. The cinematography, visuals, and color scheme were very impressive and had a particular ambiance and peacefulness which was very well incorporated into the overall mood and tone of the film. This is one of the most original movies I've ever seen, and it was entirely unpredictable. The story was real, raw, powerful, and emotionally rich. If Beale Street Could Talk was directed by someone who cared about the characters, the story, and the choice of shots. Once the screen cut to black, I was out of breath and completely drained from the emotional wait and heaviness surrounding this entire film. I would highly recommend watching this movie, but keep in mind that it's not for everyone. I can't wait to watch this again. Barry Jenkins combined with the incredible cast made this one of the most true to life and personal movies ever made, and I hope more people see this movie and appreciate the motivations for making such an incredible piece of artwork.

That's right how do you like that exclamation point! lol...I don't particularly like a lot of novelists, but Baldwin, oh my heavens! It just feels so 3-D , the words jump out of the page and come alive as they have to themselves manifest some serious impression on thine readers head! Leave a big ass mark! For posterity , saying I was here, we were here, listen to us, there is a greater message and its here, under Baldwin's pen and its presented broaching the elusive outlying parameters of something called art.And although of course there was not enough time to express everything in the short novel or novella or short story I don't know what it is, but it was darling.. yes, I do wish one scene came to life in the film, the bus scene in the original would have been so cool but saying that, getting that out of the way, I feel this was a triumph indeed!I am much obliged at everyone who worked on this thing becuase it was terrific! I can't really remember what particular scenes I loved best because it was as if every following scene I was being swept away by someone that can handle this type of source material with aestheticism and artistic merit.This was definitely worth it. "You have to remember baby, you have to share me with that wood!' something like that, I remember in the novel... that was a great line... very very very cool...

Barry Jenkins crafted a second masterpiece with "If Beale Street Could Talk." His other movie, "Moonlight," which is one of the greatest movies of the 21st century, is another type of movie about black power that we need right now. See, both "Moonlight" and "If Beale Street Could Talk" feature nearly an all-black cast (Moonlight is entirely) and they subtly emphasize and make a statement about appreciation of minorities and people who are not white. Both movies are beautiful, and this one features the theme of always believing in love, while Moonlight is about finding yourself. Both masterpieces, I kinda made this an homage to Barry Jenkins.

Occasionally before seeing a new film at the theatre, I will peruse the user and critics reviews for said film, both on this site and a few others as well. When it came to the reactions from certified critics, it was pretty much unanimous across the board that If Beale Street Could Talk was a general hit amongst critics with some calling it among the best films of last year. When, I looked at the user reviews for the film from just regular viewers who had happened to see the film and comment on it, I got almost the exact opposite response than what the critics were saying. Some people had a few pleasant things to say about it such as the acting, music, or cinematography being well done, but generally the comments that I kept seeing over and over again was that the film was slow (or many derivatives of the word such as "boring" and others to indicate that it would put you to sleep) and they also seemed to say that it was an uninteresting film and just plainly that not a lot happened during the course of the film to warrant any interest, or capture the audience's attention. Having just got home from a screening of the film I can assuredly say that I happen to be in the majority and with the critics regarding my overall feelings for the film and as to the naysayers, I will gradually try to break down their criticisms and show why I felt the exact opposite to their response. As for the film being slow, that is something that I would say is true, simply because it tends to focus on details, emotions and lets us as a viewer to savour and get totally drawn into the charactes and their given situations in the film. It is not particularly fast paced and if in all honesty, I would have to say that this is probably what would turn your average viewer off the most because it usually has long takes, or certain scenes where there can just be moments of dialogue between any number of characters, or other scenes where there is just absolute quiet and stillness with nothing being said, or done except for maybe some background music for ambiance and effect. This was appropriate I felt in order to create a mood and a general atmosphere of the film, but to also have a lingering effect upon the viewer. At times some of these moments enhanced feelings of sadness, or desperation on behalf of the characters and at other times there would be close up shots of the two main characters for example who could be seen simply holding on to each other in a long embrace to simply show the love and the unbreakable bond between them even in the midst of adversity. This also allowed us to slowly yet gradually get to know the different characters we are introduced to during the film. It is like a slow burn that starts off meagre and takes awhile to grasp, or truly take hold, but once it does it not only captures your interest, but also your empathy and emotions as well. As for those who said that not a lot actually happens during the course of this film, I would instead argue that quite a lot does indeed go on yet at a pace and style that most traditional filmmakers would avoid. As we go through this film we are dealing with characters who have struggled some for years and others through the course of their lives. They haven't always had the right ingredients for a great beginning, or a successful life in the eyes of some, but one thing that does remain constant is the general support for one another even when others turn a blind eye and everything seems hopeless. These are all people regardless of their circumstances who all seem to yearn for a better and more productive future not only for themselves, but also for the ones they love. They are held back often by things such as oppression, or hatred, or sometimes a lack of education, or financial resources and they sometimes have to rely on what talents and skills they have been given in order to forge ahead and make any kind of a life for themselves. We see their obstacles, we feel their pain and we know that things might not get better in a hurry, or possibly ever, but they still grasp at any chance of hope that they can get. This is a film that captures a certain family and characters based on a fictional novel of the 1970's, but when you look at the events and how they are played out, sadly most if not all of it could be played out the same way almost fifty years later. This is a film that truly has great care for these characters, but does not sugarcoat, or give us an unrealistic ending that makes everything better in a heartbeat, but instead shows that sometimes we have to truly hang in there no matter what we may be facing. Sometimes even for the long haul. If it had made everything better and sugarcoated it, the film would have felt false and would in a lot of ways been telling a big lie, but here it is honest yet remaining somewhat hopeful for these characters. The film is often moving and tragic at equal opportunities and it is captured by subtle yet powerful performances and a script and direction that handles with care and great empathy. This may not be a watch for everyone as the user reviews reflected, but if anything I just wrote had any kind of effect, or curiousity stirred within you, then you may want to give it a try and as it stands If Beale Street Could Talk is one of the best films of 2018 and I can guarantee that it will most likely appreciate and get better also upon repeat viewings.

I rank BEALE STREET as my #1 favorite movie of 2018. This is not the kind of movie you watch for pure entertainment. This is a movie that inspires emotion and makes you appreciate life. This story (which I would describe as adequately incomplete) may have been told before, but the movie itself is completely unique. It was an artful presentation that reached my core. Themes like love and injustice can take a movie to great heights when done right. This movie was done right.

Barry Jenkins follows up Moonlight with another impressionistic drama whose focus is firmly on mood over plot. Tish and Alonzo are young African Americans in Harlem, in the 1970s, and in love. This is the story of their relationship, and the challenges it faces during the era.In terms of craft, If Beale Street Could Talk is a confident step forward for Jenkins. It's a rapturously beautiful film full of powerful images captured by a disembodied camera that floats, glides, and contemplates. Jenkins creates a potently intimate and romantic atmosphere around his two leads who together glow like a flame warding off the darkness of their time. The specifics of the narrative itself, which is admittedly somewhat lacking in depth, is really secondary to the mood. The power of the film lies in its style and Jenkins' keen ability to express emotion through his images. The music, picture, and editing routinely coalesce into a dreamlike and affecting whole greater than the sum of its parts.Though as wonderful as the style is and as crucial as I see it to be for the film, it can occasionally become a tad overbearing. Jenkins is coming off of a Best Picture win for his sophomore film and enjoying the resulting budgetary benefits. It's only natural that he would revel in it a bit and the results are often ravishing, though sometimes at the expense of restraint. Some scenes can drag and come off as a bit too self-indulgent. And the central relationship, while undeniably tender and well-acted, edges slightly into over-idealization as we're shown scene after scene of swooning love declarations and longing gazes. This creates a syrupy quality that somewhat lessens the impact of the heavy social themes at the film's core.The film ultimately succeeds, though, on the strength of its craft and powerful images. It's a film that clearly cares deeply about its characters and message which, sadly, remains startlingly relevant.Solid 4/5

More of these stories need to be told, as they help explain the feelings which impede normalcy in interracial relationships- why whites can't fully grasp the anguished past blacks carry as almost an hereditary memory. But these are sad, painful stories and not run-of-mill Hollywood fodder, so you won't see many of them. See this one.

I have not read James Baldwin's novel, but director Barry Jenkins' visually stunning film adaptation makes me want to do so.IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK offers the radical notion that a film about African-Americans can be interesting without giving them superpowers or making them amoral street thugs. Tish is 19 and pregnant with the love child of 22-year-old Fonny (a/k/a Lorenzo), who is incarcerated for a rape he clearly could not have committed. The family hires a young white lawyer to defend Fonny. At first, Atty. Hayward has little interest in his new client but becomes the young man's passionate defender when the evidence of Fonny's innocence piles up. Meanwhile, his and Tish's respective families resort to often desperate measures (like stealing) to raise the money for Fonny's legal defense, while fully aware that the justice system is rigged against poor young black men.IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK is socially conscious without beating us over the head with it. Instead, we see the real, harrowing effects of hard-wired, institutional racism on a single family as a microcosm of what African-Americans must deal with even to this day. (The film takes place in the early 1970s). The trials and tribulations of the Rivers and Hunt families stay with the viewer long after the closing credits have run.

Barry Jenkins once again boasts his prodigious, unearthly talent of visual storytelling. But this time he enhanced it by the magical Power of Love. And here we have a piece of visual poetry!Despite incorporating narration in its storytelling, the movie leans heavily on its sensory aspect and its rich, haunting atmosphere
in every scene to convey emotion. With the help of James Laxton's richly hued cinematography, and Nicholas Britell's score which is brimming with love, hope and also darkness, Jenkins weaves Baldwin's tragic romantic story into a tender cinematic experience that could easily be mistaken as a poem.I have some issues with the dialogue, though. I think it needed to be more gritty, hence more convincing and compelling. There's no doubt that Jenkins' reliance on the atmosphere he created to give the movie its emotional impact paid off marvelously for the most part. But some moments in the movie I found to be too soupy and mushy for its own good. These moments I found a bit hard to swallow, especially when the movie tackles some heavy themes like racism.The chapter-like narrative technique was a mixed bag for me. While it made me eager to know more and more about the characters and the story in general as the plot unravels slowly; almost time the movie introduces to me a new sub-plot, or rather a new chapter in its story, I felt it to be forced, heavy-handed and a little on the nose at at first glance. Especially, because of the simplicity of the dialogue as I mentioned above. That said, Barry Jenkins' tender, exquisite and superbly elegant direction, along with the massively amiable and endearing protagonists, makes me thoroughly engrossed and immersed in every single scene in no time.KiKi Layne and Stephan James's captivating performances made their already-relatable characters even more sympathetic and appealing. Regina King is great. But, unfortunately, she has few moments to shine. Pedro Pascal, Diego Luna, and Dave Franco are quite good, but their roles are too small to show their acting talents.
Ed Skrein's acting was a bit hammy, IMO. On the other hand, Brian Tyree Henry (Atlanta), whose role is also small, delivered a terrific performance that made his scenes stick in my mind even now.Maybe I criticized the movie a bit too harsh. But it's actually way more easy to mention the few issues I have with it than to describe the arresting experience I had watching it.(8/10)

If Beale Street Could Talk - it just might ask why two surly looking white men chose to get up and walk out of the Screen Unseen cinema, just a few minutes after realising they were watching a film focusing on the appalling, bigoted, racist, treatment of young black men in 70's America?!!! Maybe they needed a popcorn type film? Who knows?Anyway, the film follows the story of one particular couple, Fonny and Tish, whose close childhood friendship eventually flourished into an incredibly strong and binding love that goes on to withstand all the twisted injustices thrown their way by a corrupt, racist American 'justice' system.Some might say it's not just a look back at recent history, but a sad reflection of some events becoming more prevalent once again in today's society, or that's never really gone away in some places.Kiki Layne, playing Tish (who is stunning by the way), and Stephen James, playing Fonny, lead the cast with superb, believable, engaging performances, as you watch their love grow and strengthen.The entire cast did themselves proud, with Teyonah Parris bringing much needed relief to break some of the tension as Tish's self-assured, witty, and supportive sister, and I barely recognised Ed Skrein as the vile Officer Bell, who's character epitomised the commonly practiced prejudices of that time.It's a good film to watch, but not an easy one, as it's not a light popcorn entertainment movie, but a deep contemplative insight into the disgusting institutional treatment against a minority group.Except for a few moments of artistic lingering, which I thought were a little self-indulgent and unnecessary, the filmography and directing was captivating, making you feel like you were there too; almost voyeuristic at times, albeit tastefully done.If you want to walk out of a film smiling and joyous, perhaps this is not the film for you. Having said that to watch a friendship blossom into such a beautiful, faithful, unbreakable love, despite the adversities, makes it more than worthwhile.

"If Beale Street Could Talk" is a gorgeously crafted movie. Every movement, scene, piece of dialogue is mesmerizing. The pacing is extraordinary. The format - switching between flashbacks and the present day (which generally, I am skeptical of) - grew on me until I was convinced it was the best way to tell this story. The acting holds up to the rest of the movie. The set and clothing design is stunning. The score, though a little repetitive, captivates. The movie does little groundbreaking in terms of plot, but it is so beautiful that it could be about anything, and I would be interested. That being said, the subject matter, regarding justice system's extreme abuse of black men in the United States, is beautifully dealt with and an important story to tell. And it's told so graciously that one just has to stop and listen.

What moves a story from being just a story to literature is timelessness of the theme, the prose, the passion and the honesty. James Baldwin wrote a beautiful piece of literature. Barry Jenkins did Mr. Baldwin proud with his adaptation.
This was one of the most beautiful movies you will watch this year. I became intimate with the characters. The tightness of each shot married you to each character that was beautifully developed.
As with great love stories there is heartbreak and unanswered questions. The thing that makes this a masterpiece piece in my mind is that you are still allowed to use your imagination while all the answers are in the screen.
Like spike lee I can see Barry Jenkins signature in the film but it isn't distracting AT ALL.

Ignore the negative, bigoted reviews. THIS FILM IS FANTASTIC! A beautifully crafted, yet heartbreaking rendition of young Black love, racism, family, and deliberate mass incarceration in America. I couldn't move from my seat when the credits started rolling. A poetic journey, this film is most definitely an Oscar contender.

Great acting. Great story. Great production. AMAZING MUSIC! Tear jerking performance by Regina King. Very powerful message. Just a beautiful, amazing movie that needs to be seen!

So I saw If Beale Street Could Talk at the theater. I really didn't know much about the movie until a month ago. Of course after hearing so many good things I decided to give the movie a shot. I'm very mad at myself for not having this movie on my radar earlier. It really was one of the best made films of 2018.The film tells the story of a young struggling black couple as they try to find their place in the world while being ripped apart by the confines of racial discrimination. The movie has a nonlinear story and switches between characters and perspectives as the family attempts to clear the name of the wrongfully convicted Fonny of a racially-motivated rape allegation. All the while his newly pregnant lover Tish must deal with being a single mother. Simultaneously the film also explores the origins of the lovers and how they met along with their families impressions.The plot of the movie is simple, yet complex and layered at the same time. The movie tells a rich and deeply human story about love and tragedy while also acting as a social commentary on race relations, police brutality, family dynamics, failures in our judicial system, and cultural discrimination. It was a profoundly beautiful and emotionally jarring film that will leave you in tears at a number of scenes.The movie completely embraced the setting of Harlem in the 1970s. The environment really came to life and acted as a character in itself. The set pieces were meticulously well-crafted and perfectly reflected the era. It really helped to push a deeply immersive experience where you felt completely attached to the central characters and their conflicts.On top of that the movie had one of the best scores of the year. The music was an absolute love letter to 1970s jazz. The beauty of the score was also in its incorporation into the film. The score was seamlessly integrated into the narrative and made the interactions come to life. It was incredibly well done in everyway and a treat to the eyes and ears.This brings me to the overall technical aspects of the film. The movie was absolutely beautiful. The cinematography was some of the best of the year. With its nonlinear storytelling technique the film took a simple concept and made a rich and enthralling film. Every scene was incredibly well framed and I can't say there was a single wasted shot in the movie.Of coure Barry Jenkins did an incredible job with this film. I'm not familiar with the source material, but the screenplay was so well written. The dialogue was sharp, smart, funny, and very human all around. The flow of the narrative never felt forced and I was genuinely entertained the entire time. There was just so much to love about the writing in this movie. All around Barry Jenkins did a phenomenal job directing one of the best films of the year.On top of that the movie did not have a bad performance. This was a breakout performance for Kiandra Lynn. She played the quaint yet powerful Tish and delivered a subtle but memorable performance. The last time I saw Stephan James was in Selma and I am glad to see him continue the trend of portraying well-rounded and believable characters. These two performances carried most of the film with their phenomenal chemistry.It would be disingenuous to talk about acting and not mention Regina King. She does not have a lot of screen time, but it is impossible to take your eyes off of her while she is there. Not only does she deliver some of the best lines in the movie, but she does so with such passion and conviction. It feels like she has lived this role and the struggles the character embodies. Particularly near the end of the film she has the most captivating scene in the movie.While I absolutely loved the film I understand a few elements that may be off-putting. I enjoyed the dialogue immensely, but it did feel more like a play at times contrary to believable human interactions. The movie is also completely dialogue and character driven, so if you are expecting something else you will be disappointed. Really I'm having a hard time picking out legitimate criticisms. It's such an incredibly well-made captivating film.If Beale Street Could Talk absolutely deserved a best picture and best director nomination at the Oscars. Without exaggeration it was one of the best films of 2018. It told a deeply emotional story thick with social commentary in a nonlinear and interesting manner. Plus it was one of the best technical films of the year and provided some great performances. Just go watch it already! A 9.5 out of 10.

Innocent imprisonment of black males will stand as the largest blemish in modern American history, and its a travesty that has fueled the fury of cinema's definitive black auteur. Alonzo (Stephan James), or "Fonny" amongst family, is the victim in this tale. An aspiring sculptor carving away at foraged wood with stolen tools from the school he left due to lack of stimulation. His love and arguably equally victimized Tish (KiKi Layne) is attacked by flashbacks of them two in tiny tank tops covering each other with soap suds in their innocent pre-romantic childhood. She speaks of an ignorance towards each other's bodies; how they were unaware of the opposing beauty up until a night of Fonny's patient coaxing to join their flesh. It is this intense premarital marriage of skin that indirectly sets off a grievous series of events that will slam a glass divide between the two.The sequencing of these events are inter-spliced between the current timeline that has Tish battling to make way for the life Fonny has placed in her. The most compelling scenes of her turmoil are front-loaded, surrounding her reveal of the pregnancy to her and Fonny's family respectively. The dichotomy of the two is stark and incredibly revealing. She incrementally shares the news first to her mother (Regina King), who immediately becomes her champion and facilitates a smooth delivery of the news to the rest of the family. This is achieved by breaking out a three quarters full gin bottle still in its original box, and is accurately identified as "special occasion" material by the prematurely jovial dad (Colman Domingo). The news initially goes down as rough as the liquor, but mama calibrates the mood by mostly reminding the house what they are drinking and to who they're drinking it to.Total acceptance is flooded on Tish, and the celebratory spirits kick in. This is when mama decides to push her luck and invite Fonny's family over while the bottle is still open. What ensues is an internal conflict that depressingly mirrors the same strife that both these black families have been handcuffed by for eternity. When everyone is against you, you need family to be for you. This pack mentality is essential to survival and will allow some unsavory lengths to uphold it. Later Tish's father states "the white man wants us to worry about money", but then adds that he has never had money to be worried about. The target on their backs won't disappear, but all the shooting has made them expert dodgers.Jenkins has brought back the same crew who helped bring his landmark Moonlight to life. This time adapting the work of James Baldwin, the director seems only slightly shackled to the source material. Curious omissions is a trademark of adapted films, and this is no exception. The difference though lies in the emotional heft of what is included. We're given singular scenes of characters that brand their faces on the back of our eyelids. The only repetitive sequences are the prison meetings between the lovers, and this contrast allows the glass confessionals to transcend all the tropes usually encountered in this cinematic situation. A sly score combines atonal themes into a stubborn harmony that is emotionally manipulative in all the right ways.Tish provides a commentary-like voice over during the dream and political passages. Her words feel ripped straight from Baldwin's novel in these segments, and unfortunately create a chasm between the 19 year old meek character and her internal monologue. However, they provide some of the most profound moments in the film by articulating the macro stakes of American blackness branching out of the micro story of her fighting for Fonny's release. The most potent of these occurrences come when she dissects the differences between the etiquette of black and white men who approach her department store perfume station. The chilling details and thoughtful exclusions are what allow this film to yank at one's social consciousness. The real shame is this story remaining relevant today.

Going into If Beale Street Could Talk, I knew it would be a good movie since Barry Jenkins directed it and Moonlight was incredible. But what we actually got was an absolute masterpiece. I still can't believe this didn't get a best picture nomination at this year's Oscars.
We're all mostly aware of what's being said about this film, that the performances are incredible. And it's true. Regina King should win that Oscar, and I think she will. Our two leads were so moving as this characters going through something so rough.
The writing is stunning, it's a truly intimate but epic story. Every scene has a purpose and an emotional value, building these characters and relationship in a beautiful way.
The way they shot this story was what I loved the most about the film. It's incredible cinematography that fits with an incredible story. Every shot fits into the overall tone and just enhances the writing. Complementing the visuals and the writing, we then have the score which has been the only score I've ever decide to listen later just for the fun of it. It's incredible (I know I've been using that word for the whole review but it's the only word that describes this movie).
If Beale Street Could Talk is a work of art. It's only January but it definitely will be in my favorite movies I watched on 2019. I'm sad it only got 3 nominations at the Oscar but I'm definitely hoping it wins them all.

What a wonderful, wonderful film. Really really enjoyed it. Acting was so strong. I could feel what they were going through. Writing and directing were just really great as well. The movie was so beautiful and had so much power to it. Highly recommended.

If you are looking for the typical Hollywood movie with a typical neat Hollywood ending, then this is not the movie for you. This movie is beautifully shot, the actors are excellent, and the story is steeped in real life of part of black experience in America. You can do right and still have your life turned upside down by an unjust system. The end left me wanting to know more.

Boring movie. I don't know how it could be considered for awards

I dont know where to start! thats probably because it took 2 hours to get going. and then it ended. i understand the love story but honestly there was WAY too much of it and not enough of the actual crime he was falsely accused of. dont waste your time. unless you have 2 hours to waste on 2 people staring at eachother alot.

Based off the James Baldwin novel the film is a beautiful way to shine light on the social injustice black people faced then and still now. If you think you're about to watch another hardcore racially driven movie, you're only partially right. It was reminiscent of Moonlight's cinematography as Barry Jenkins used an artistic & poetic way to tell the story. It is about a young couple and their story of love, new life, and family. The movie kind of dragged out at times as I was ready for the closing & just as Moonlight, it concluded with you asking questions. Nonetheless, it was a captivating movie about true love prevailing against all odds.

I think it is safe to say that If Beale Street Could Talk was my most anticipated film of 2018, given how masterful the trailer was. I was so excited. The trailer made me sob tears of sadness, but also of joy, and I could not wait for the film. Well, I saw the film today, and despite how excellent the film was, I was slightly disappointed. And when I say disappointed, I do not mean the film was bad by any means. But aw man, I was really expecting a flipping masterpiece.Now, here are the positives. If Beale Street Could Talk is the most aesthetically pleasing film I have ever seen. From the vibrant colors (especially the shades of yellow) to the 360 degree camera movement to the beautiful close ups of every man and woman's face, I could not help but be in awe of the cinematography and editing in this film. It is extraordinary. This is hands down the most beautiful film I have ever seen. It was absolutely superb.I also thought this was the best acted film of probably the past several years, if I am being honest. Newcomer KiKi Layne delivers such an extraordinary performance, from her subtle facial movements to her beautiful inflections in her voice to her mannerisms. I loved her performance so much. I also thought Stephan James had the most charming and romantic dialogue, but his delivery made it even more consistent and real. The chemistry between the two blew Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper's interactions from A Star is Born out of the water. I also do not want to neglect all of the supporting cast, especially from Colman Domingo and Regina King.The music broke my heart. It is constructed so eloquently, and as I listen to "Agape" by Nicholas Britell, I want to start sobbing. It is that well-done. The score has this sense of mysterious intrigue, yet euphoric hypnotism that also has a hint of sadness and uncertainty that draws you in so perfectly. It is my favorite score of the decade, if I am being honest. It is that well-composed.Now, I can go on and on about the merits of this film, because there are tons. But I do have some problems, and it breaks my heart that there is even anything "wrong" with this movie. Now, I was under the impression that this film would be about the love story between two African Americans during the 1970s, that would be tested amidst a false accusation and an unexpected pregnancy. Now, while I was up for all of that, I feel like the film becomes a tad bit unfocused. While the first half of the film deals with the love story so passionately, the second half takes time away from our two leads and gives time to supporting characters that are not as important to me. I understand that the false accusation had to be delved into a bit, but the film got a little too involved with that, and it made me kind of disappointed that the love story was being neglected for the sake of explaining more of something I didn't care as much about. I just feel like Barry Jenkins gave everything his all with about eighty percent of the film, but he wasn't as into some of the legal/false accusation stuff, and felt the need to include it for whatever reason. That is just me though. I also think a minor performance from a character was kind of awful. It was a very small, yet critical part of the film, and given how superb everyone else was, this one woman's acting stuck out like a sore thumb.Along with that, a friend of Fonny shows up, and although he delivers a fantastic performance, I think the scene involving him was unimportant and did not really tie with the rest of the film all that much.I also think the film was not just unfocused, but a little tonally inconsistent too. One second, the film has you in tears, but without even giving time for the audience to breathe, a narration happens with pumped up jazz and Harlem Renaissance music that feels a little too soon. There are moments of sadness, tears, despair, but also hope, feelings that I thought were displayed perfectly here. However, some comedy was included along with some genuine moments of suspense, but I don't think they really fit. What I am really trying to say is that all of these individual elements are phenomenal on their own, but they do not mesh well together at certain parts here, which makes the film drag in some places, which I really hate saying, because I loved so much of the film.Anyways, I want to see this film over and over again, regardless of my complaints. It is a such a fantastic and unique love story that is in the backdrop of some horrible times within the United States. Perhaps, the problems I have will be forgiven in the future. Only time will tell. Regardless of what happens, the film's score will always have a special place in my ears.

Let's start with the positives: If Beale Street Could Talk (2018) was beautifully shot, the jazzy score was atmospheric and the acting was really great. Artistically, I can appreciate the craft of this and everyone involved in bringing it to life. But like many people here have said, the plot felt dragged out for a film that could have had a runtime of 1h30. Pacing was a serious issue, with those jumps back and forth in time not packing the emotional punch they should have. Art doesn't always mean entertainment is my takeaway from this film😴

I thought there were some superfluous moments at the beginning...but it scaled through. Thank you Barry Jenkins. Beale Street did talk, yes it did.

Greetings again from the darkness. Humiliation and disgust register when we acknowledge that James Baldwin's 1974 book is as relevant today as it was when published. Though the book hardly lends itself to a big screen presentation, writer-director Barry Jenkins (Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar winner for last year's Best Picture winner MOONLIGHT) brings his cinematic artistry and deft touch to a story that is a touching love story wrapped in a tale of social injustice.Filmmaker Jenkins has succeeded in delivering the rare film that is filled with both tender, warm, smile-inducing moments and moments of absolute frustration that fill us with outrage. It's a beautiful film with a sweet story of love between two soul mates, and it's also a story of race, class, and Harlem in the 70's. The film begins with a Baldwin quote informing us that "Beale Street" is born from black roots - it's not geographical, but rather cultural. He's certainly not referring to today's tourist destination in Memphis.Tish (terrific newcomer Kiki Lane) and Fonny (Stephan James, played Jesse Owens in RACE) have been best friends since early childhood. They are now ages 19 and 22 respectively, and that friendship has blossomed into romantic attraction. Their fairy tale love story is shattered when a racist cop (Ed Skrein) falsely accuses Fonny of rape, and Fonny goes to prison. And if that's not enough, we witness the scene where Tish and her family invite Fonny's family over to announce she is carrying his baby. Fonny's judgmental and religious zealot of a mother reacts with indignation and is beyond cruel to Tish. It's one of the most emotionally explosive scenes of any movie all year. Regina King gives a powerhouse performance as Tish's mom, and she goes toe-to-toe with Fonny's mom played by Aunjunae Ellis (Yula Mae from THE HELP). Fonny's dad (Michael Beach, AQUAMAN) and Tish's dad (Colman Domingo, SELMA) are stunned by the situation, and wisely take their discussions to the corner bar.That incredible scene of families clashing is offset by the tenderness and soulfulness of the scenes showing Fonny and Tish together ... whether on the neighborhood streets, in their apartment, or talking with a glass barrier between them. As the timeline gets bounced around, we see Fonny and his old buddy Daniel (Byron Tyree Henry) in one exceptional scene, and we also see the bond between Fonny and his café manager friend played by Diego Luna. The depth of these scenes is difficult to relay, and the film acts as both a character study and social commentary relevant to today's issues. There is so much precision and attention to detail in the story-telling and acting. The color palettes transition depending on the mood of the scene, as does the music - the strings used by composer Nicholas Britell are very much a part of the Tish-Fonny love story, and the brassy jazz music cover the rest.We get to know Fonny as an artist and charming young man smitten with Tish, who is a gentle and angelic soul. We see his changes while in prison, and we see how others react to her (based on their race, gender and age) as she works the perfume counter at a department story. Baldwin's writing is spot on as Tish (in her role as narrator) says "I hope that nobody has ever had to look at anybody they love through glass."Director Jenkins has delivered a special movie that is brilliantly constructed. It's a story of love and family and the impact of racism without any of the preachiness we often get. Cinematographer James Laxton expertly captures the tone changes, and having the actors periodically look directly into the camera (at the viewer) proves quite powerful. This is romanticism vs. reality, and speaks to the power and beauty of love ... and the strength to carry through even in an unjust situation brought on by a fractured society. It's a beautiful film.

I have to say honestly that this was one of my most hyped films of 2018. The trailer for the film had such a beautiful score and wonderful imagery, you just knew that you would be in for something special. Moonlight is a very good film, although I wasn't as crazy about it as most people were. I am pleased with If Beale Street Could Talk, it may not be as high regarded as Moonlight was two years ago but there's no denying that Barry Jenkins has once again brought forth a beauty of a work.The film is about a young Black woman who finds out she is expecting a child. The main issue is that her lover has been imprisoned for a crime that he most likely did not commit. She (played by a wonderful KiKi Layne) must deal with telling her family and his as well as preparing for motherhood without the touch or presence of her mother. The film also explores the Black community in New York and the troubles faced, which still resonate today. The film also stars Stephan James, Colman Domingo, and a very excellent Regina King.As with Moonlight, the film has such a wonderful score and absolutely beautiful imagery. The film employs the same personal profile shots of its characters with faces that tell an expressive story. Same with the slow panning between characters and profound dialogue. The film feels like a work of art, and Jenkins and his crew have perfected their storytelling as a form of art. The performances all around are great but I have to single out Regina King for having the best role of her career. She should surely be getting an academy nod for Best Supporting Actress.I liked this film better than Moonlight and just felt like it met its expectations. It tells a very important story with problems that are still faced today, much like with Moonlight. To me, this just felt like an experience from beginning to end. Barry Jenkins is quickly showing himself off as a storytelling extraordinaire through his very artistic portrayal of his characters, story, and images. Go and see this film.7.5/10

OMG! If you want to take a two hour nap and are having a hard time getting to sleep, put this fiasco on.It's is absolutely horrible in every where.The acting sucks.
The writing sucks.
The directing sucks.And the truth is, this is so freaking boring that I started thinking the movie was made in slow motion! I'm not kidding.Don't buy the hype. The movie sucks.

Enjoyed the acting, the photography, and the message. It made me uncomfortable with the issue of social justice and rightly so. Ultimately, it's a love story and beautifully done.

Writer-Director Barry Jenkins remains a distinctive voice with 'If Beale Street Could Talk'. After leaving us spell-bound with the Oscar-Winning Moonlight, Jenkins delivers a yet another personal story. And the results, in equal measure, are poetic and heartbreaking.'If Beale Street Could Talk', Based on James Baldwin's novel of the same name, follows a young African-American woman who, with her family's support, seeks to clear the name of her wrongly charged husband and prove his innocence before the birth of their child.'If Beale Street Could Talk' is a love-story about a young couple, who are torn apart by fate. Jenkins shows us the lives of Black People in America, with the harshest realities, and the presentation isn't sugar-coated, this is on-your-face reality with unforgiving honesty. 'If Beale Street Could Talk' is about love separated by hate and prejudice, but a love so pure and real, maybe, too good to exist in a world as divided and hateful as this. Jenkins' keeps the proceedings intense for the most part, but his depiction of love is something to be witnessed. The Master director captures the intensity of love and the aspect of forming a bond of two souls becoming one. This is a colorful love-story, with a lot of imposed intensity, thus making it a demanding, uncompromising watch.Jenkins' Adapted Screenplay is pure flesh and blood, that offers moments of pure love and unbelievable pain, with the maturity and patience of a true pro. Jenkins' Direction is remarkably controlled and a reminder that he's a voice to reckon with. James Laxton's Cinematography is extraordinary. The Lensman has captured the broken romance with delightful results. Joi McMillon and Nat Sanders' Editing is on-point, keeping the film crisp at a 117-minutes. Nicholas Britell's Score is soothing. Art and Costume Design are faultless.Performance-Wise: KiKi Layne and Stephan James portray romance and heartbreak with grueling intensity. KiKi, especially, delivers a forceful turn, in a character that gets enough scope to dominate the proceedings all through. Regina King is highly effective as KiKi's mother. Her sequences with KiKi are among the film's most sensitive bits. Teyonah Parris as KiKi's sister, is first-rate. Colman Domingo as Kiki's dad, is excellent. Others lend very good support.On the whole, 'If Beale Street Could Talk' is a yet another memorable film by Barry Jenkins. It's a personal film, made with passion and heart. Don't Miss It.

In the bonus track of the DVD of "If Beale Street Could Talk," the writer-director Barry Jenkins described the "sanctity and purity" of the love of two young people that he wanted to bring to the screen from James Baldwin's 1974 novel. He also identified his cinematic image for the structure of the film as "the nine trimesters of pregnancy." In that concept, we can see all that was good and all that went wrong in this film.Unfortunately, Jenkins adapted the novel far too literally in the fragmented, non-linear style. There were too many moments of reverie that didn't work in the film's chiaroscuro style.Another disappointing technical feature of the film was the music. The film opened with a James Baldwin quote connecting Beale Street with Louis Armstrong and New Orleans jazz. But the director seemed more interested in broad themes than practical film matters like the actual score. In the DVD bonus track, Jenkins described the film's music as "lush" when it should have been vibrant in the jazz style.The strength of the film was in the incandescent relationship of the two young people Tish and Fonny. Their story was a modern Romeo and Juliet as they were caught up in a world of hatred and prejudice.While the film is worth seeing, it should be considered best as a work-in-progress that never made the full transition of a poetic novel to the screen.

Barry Jenkins has found a way to layer on top of an all too common story about injustice, a note of hope and the resilience of a family that cares about each other and has a will to overcome hardships.

If it were possible for Tyler Perry and Spike Lee to have a baby together this director would be that baby. The story has been done a thousand times and far better to add. Its slow paced and has nothing to keep you engaged in it, the charachter developement is lacking and the narrator who seems like she is reading it from script is actually annoying. Racism is a horrible thing and unjust but this story handles that horribly making all white people look universally discriminative giving a one sided perspective as to the way things were. As far as the love part not that great either its also been done this way many times and better and I just didnt feel that love between the charcters. The Tyler Perry similarity is that of the cast of unknowns who would be better suited for a BET drama series than a full length movie and thats giving more than I should to say that as some would be better on suited for corny sitcoms like Family Matters of the 90's. Had to try to watch this one three times as I fell asleep the first two times so if you're having trouble sleeping this movie could be the next great sleeping aid. Don't like and vote this movie up cause you think its the PC thing to do or if you don't like it you are racist make your own decisions and decide by what it is to you like I said I have enjoyed many movies on the same topics this one just stinks.

An intense, if bleak and slow-moving film set amongst the black community in early 60's New York. Based on a James Baldwin novel I've not read , it follows the story of a teenage girl Tish who we learn in time-convoluted fashion is married to her childhood sweetheart, a budding sculptor known as "Fonny", she's pregnant with his child and that he's doing time on a dubious rape conviction against a Puerto Rican woman.So, a lot to be going on with for her then. The narrative plays about with different time-streams, including one showing Tish and her family's determination to overturn her man's conviction, as Tish and particularly her mother try to track down his accuser who has inconveniently returned to Puerto Rico, another his wooing of her as a long-term childhood friendship between them blossoms into a deeply passionate love and another which reveals the likely cause of Fonny's imprisonment as attributable to a bigoted white police officer out to settle a score with the couple, based on a minor encounter with them he clearly won't let go of.With a prominent soundtrack playing mournful orchestral motifs together with some contemporary vocal jazz, the film doesn't give an easy way out at the conclusion. Filmed with a dusky ochre-based palette in often dark, claustrophobic interiors and using up-close camera work and slow-pans, a lot of shots and scenes however seem to overstay their welcome. There are a couple of lighter, humorous interjections like the early scene where Tish's protective older sister scaldingly scolds Fanny's holier-than-thou sisters and mother for blaming their boy's incarceration on Tish's corrupting ways or when Fonny mimes out for her their life in their future apartment, but these are counter-balanced by other, darker scenes like Tish's mother's ultimately unproductive meet-up with Fonny's accuser, Tish's regular visits to Fanny in prison and the long, slow scene where the couple consummate their relationship.Some scenes however didn't seem to merit inclusion, like Fanny's drinking session with his ex-con friend, or the mother's encounter with the go-between to set up the meeting with the rape victim and also her agonising over what to wear when she goes to see her.I don't know, I was strangely drawn into the film but at the same time I was keenly aware of the methods employed to do so. In the end, well acted as it was and with an undoubtedly important message about the black experience in the 60's, the director then overplays the context of wider civil rights abuses in America at the time by showing stock photographic images of other violations and having Tish reference Muhammad Ali at one point.Certain things in the movie made a strong impression on me,like the use of music, the set designs and the acting throughout, but rather like listening to a difficult jazz album or looking at a piece of modern sculpture, for all its naturalistic realism, I still found myself baulked by the film-maker's artifice in stylistically overloading the interlinking scenes here and by extension the message behind the film.

If Beale Street Could TalkEven if streets could talk no one would ever be able to hear them over all of the traffic.Similarly, the pregnant woman in this drama is being drowned out because of her race.Discovering that she is pregnant shortly after her boyfriend Fonny (Stephan James) is sent to prison for rape, Tish (KiKi Layne) vows to prove his arrest was racially motivated by the police in time for their baby's birth. Meanwhile, Tish's mother (Regina King) tracks down the victim who identified Fonny as her assailant and pleads with her to change her testimony.Beautifully shot and scored with strong performances, this nonlinear adaptation of James Baldwin's 1970s era novel about racial inequality in New York is also very timely. However, the overall story is too rambling, while the dialogue is over-the-top and the ending unsatisfying.Besides, police stop sending young black men to jail a long time ago. Red Lightvidiotreviews.blogspot.ca

Gorgeously shot film noir, a love story nestled in a whodunit that should do justice to a Dashell Hammit flick.The movie fails to keep these 2 sets of balls in the air, producing a sophomoric film.The filmmaker has fallen in love with the love story!This leads to 2 cardinal errors.The first is the deep dive sexing.Wasting time with the 1)short strokes( about 20 minutes by my count) forces 2) a shallow confused resolution.This is the arbitrary brutality and banality of American culture.It sucks in Christians,Jews blacks and whites.Yes the villians are all there,but they are paper cut outs.
Nice try.No dice.

The score and background music in this film are top notch. Miles Davis' "Blue in Green" is a favorite of mine so I was pleased at its inclusion. That being said, this movie is kind of a mess. The plot, the dialogue, the acting, the sentiment, almost everything was just not great. As a lot of reviews have already pointed out, the film is extremely overlong. Every scene is much longer than it needs to be and they feel even longer when most of them are shot using only a single camera or two. Most of the dialogue in the film is unnatural, something that I think Jenkins excelled with in Moonlight. Real people don't talk like they do in this movie. The flawed acting is in part a consequence of the poor dialogue but it's also a testament to poor acting. A good amount of the few characters come off as unbelievable. As with the dialogue, people just don't act like they do in this film. But, my biggest problem has to be with a lot of the sentiment the movie contains. It is much too whimsically generalizing. The narration comes off so matter-of-fact-ly that it presents a lot of opinionated information as fact. There are big problems with racism and, specifically, racism within the police in the United States. Generalizing everyone doesn't help anything. Throughout the film, we are told all black men do this, all black women can identify with this, all white men act this way and all cops are that way. It completely discredits the nuances of humanity and bases itself off of irresponsible assumptions. I don't attribute any malice to this on the part of Jenkins, I just think it's a seriously flawed piece of work.

I get it. A lot of people won't like this movie or have the patience to understand what I believe is the POV Barry Jenkins was trying to lay out. It's languid but that's life. This is life. This is a very real demonstration of how a very peaceful warm environment is disrupted by such outside forces that are so malignant and cruel we don't see them. And our lives just keep going on. Slow. Boring. Or one day at a time like nothing has happened- extraordinarily it is still ONLY a nightmare for 30% of the people in this country. This movie is a play on the blasé attitude we have in this country about the horrific genocidal court system we have. If you WANT to understand what a beautiful yet ordinary family goes through every day to THIS DAY then you will watch this movie with the intent to try to feel their pain and internalize it and make it your pain. Maybe then we might understand what black America fears every single day in this country. I can't imagine not having the ingrained idea in my head that the court system is there to protect me or that a police officer would treat me with a modicum of dignity and respect. How would it feel to be proven every day of your life otherwise?
The slow pace is - I feel- a character in itself. Representing the cold shoulder and slow moving justice system.
An EXCELLENT movie. Bravo Mr. Jenkins. As usual.

Greetings from Lithuania."If Beale Street Could Talk" (2018) is a good movie drama. It has a good story, great acting and very solid writing as well as directing. If i would draw a comparison with "Moonlight" (2016), i would say i liked "Moonlight" much more - that was a superb, amazing film while "Beale Street" is a good one. The only downside of it i think were scenes that were repetitive - literally - i do not need same scene to be shown multiple times for me to remember it.Overall, "If Beale Street Could Talk" is a good slow burning drama with all the core elements in a right places for a movie to succeed.

The film shows a great bond and dedicated love between 2 people with coping the strains of life and injustice.In ways you are waiting for something to happen, there was only 1 scene which dragged a bit which was unnecessary and it was just waffling, in acting and direction, the audience should not be listening to pointless conversation.There is a very good piece of classical music used and its overall shot well, a watchable film and worthy on it's merit but not Oscar worthy

This movie was breathtaking. The writing of James Baldwin plus direction and screenplay of Barry Jenkins, is an unstoppable combination. I was awed by the acting, cinematography and music. I did want more of the film, but that's not to say it felt unfinished. I just wanted more of every character. Barry Jenkins surpasses Moonlight, and is becoming a sauvant at telling love stories!! Must see movie of the year!!!

Many long and lingering looks, many drawn out scenes. This led to a film trying too hard to be quality over quantity with the end result being very lethargic and the viewer wishing for at least one loquacious character.

Moonlight itself was masterful, and this follow-up, while not nearly as masterful, remains fantastic.

The pace is extremely slow. The first forty minutes just tells one thing: two lovers are going to have a baby. The non-linear structure, or the flashback way is just unnecessary in this movie, making it rather chaotic. It is a pity that Barry Jenkins did not make any progress in the last few years.

Yet again, I'm dismayed at what get praised as a great movie.
All the award hype over this crap, The favourite & Vice has me baffled. Boring, dull & just horrible....all of them. I won't even attempt to see Roma as all the critics have lost their minds.
I haven't met anyone who didn't love Showman & Bohemian yet these are slated by the professionals. Ridiculous.
Stop giving these people money to make trash. I walked out.

Extremely powerful and haunting.
The script is brilliant and turns an imponook into a lyrical film that challenged the view to see the world with open eyes.
The visuals are stunning and the color palette only ass to the story.
Lastly, ever performance is spot on.

Although it's in the title and written in the beginning, this movie is not about Beale Street. It's a universal, relatable love and drama story, and that's why it so good. It should have been nominated for best picture, instead of that garbage Black Panther.

I read the book first. Love how very close to the book it is and the performances are powerful and moving. The ending was different and I wasn't crazy about that aspect but I understood the reason and the impact it can have given our current climate in this country. Funny how little has changed over the years.

I really enjoyed this film. The atmosphere was set by the beautiful score, soundtrack, and moody cinematography. The acting was compelling. I think some parts and the ending could have been a bit better, but overall I was drawn in by this movie. It is a subtle, slower paced story with many scenes drawn out for greater emotional impact, but if you are into poignant, artistic films, you will enjoy this.

Here we have "If Beale Street Could Talk", an American 2-hour movie from 2018. This one is based on a book and the one who adapted the original story as well as directed the film here is Barry Jenkins and at times with the length of certain scenes it felt as if he was channeling his inner (sadly non-existent) Malick. Jenkins is of course most known for Best Picture winner Moonlight not too long ago and what we have here is his follow-up project. Just like with Moonlight, he did not cast any really big names, especially for the central characters that could perhaps take attention away from the story because of who they are. An okay decision I guess, even if this film could have been fun with some of the most known and most successful African American actors too. But maybe they would have been difficult to find within the age group Jenkins was going for as the protagonists here are in their early 20s or even below 20, even if the actors are a bit older than their characters. The most known cast member is Diego Luna perhaps, but he really only has minimal screen time. Overall, this film was one of the big playrs this awards season, even if it came nowhere near Jenkins repeating his success from Moonlight. But I will speak about that later on a bit. Lets talk a bit about the story first though. This is the tale of two childhood best friends, who grow closer when growing up and eventually become a couple. The female gets pregnant, but the male ends up in jail because he is accused of having violated a Puerto Rican immigrant. In the now, their interactions take place at the prison with a glass wall between them and phones in their hands. But a lot of the film are also flashbacks from their happier days, how they have fun, make love and so on, but also some more serious moments during which we see how he is a bit of a hothead clashing with another suitor as well as a cop. And also in jail, there is a scene which is easier to understand though as he is really struggling with his stay there emotionally and physically.Sadly, there is really a lot of racist prejudice in this movie. A film full of stereotypes which makes it difficult to appreciate the more artistic moments. The best example for that is when we see a Jewish friend and honestly you have most likely never seen a man in film that looks more Jewish than he does. Aside from him, most White people are depicted as stereotypically racist and shades hardly never exist. This refers to the two men (the suitor and cop) I already mentioned, but also to the lawyer's elite if you want to call them that that are shown being not too fond of the young rising lawyer's endeavor of defending the Black man. (The lawyer himself is maybe the only exception.) This scene was one when we see the lawyer struggling that did not feel good at all artistically as we hear the sub-par voiceover from the female protagonist. The voice-over narrative parts on several occasions are not the biggest strength. One of many weaknesses. The quote by Louis Armstrong's son early on does feel a bit pretentious too and I did not feel it was enough to explain the clumsy title. I can see why they just used "Beale Street" here in Germany. Another problem for me were the randomly thrown-in photos of Whites (usually cops) disrespecting Blacks and while you could see the connection to the overall story, the times when they were used and also the specific photos felt very random and only intent of stirring things up than making a powerful statement. Going further into detail, I also did not really like how the subjects of birth control and doubt (in terms of could he have been the perpetrator?) were (not) elaborated on. I also felt the two leads did not have the greatest chemistry. On a more positive note, the escalation scene early on with the man's mother and sisters was among the film's highlights. But it also showed one moment I did not like as always, namely that it is fine to use the N word when Blacks talk to each other without seeming racist, but Whites aren't allowed.But the biggest mystery of them all is how Regina King not only won the Oscar for her portrayal here, but literally won every significant film award. She wasn't bad or anything, probably gave one of the better performances of the film, but seriously? I think the Academy once again mistook likable character for a great performance. The two Favourite girls were so much better, not that this was a great challenge to be better. And probably at least a 100 other supporting performances were. But I guess supporting actor/actress is close to being reserved for African American actors these days, but even there, you could have found a few more deserving performances this year I am sure. At least Mahershala Ali was pretty good, even if he was clearly lead, but King was never the powerful force you'd think she was from her awards recognition. The scene in front of the mirror when she decides to not pose as a latina, but be herself instead was a nice inclusion and well-written and apart from that scene, the only scene she shines in is right afterwards when we see her travel to Puerto Rico and talk to the abused woman's man and to the woman herself. Not badly acted, but King is not really better than her counterpart in both scenes, first the man, then the woman she is looking for. A complete mystery. For me a contender for weakest Supporting Actress winner from all the winners I have seen throughout the years. Okay, finally back to the film itself. It has some solid scenes like the mirror scene I just mentioned and technically it is a fine film, even if the Oscar nomination for the score seems a bit exaggerated, but at least not a Best Picture nomination like the one it got at the Globes. Sadly, instead of truly evoking emotion and making a powerful statement on equality, the film loses itself way too many times in obvious anti-white racism, shallow characters (the lawyer e.g.) and lack of emotion in scenes that actually could have been really moving. The weaknesses here are more dominant than the strengths. Very overrated film. Don't watch.

I really wanted to like this tragic movie about the plight of an African American family in the 1960s . Such a great message. Excellent acting. Beautiful cinematography. But oh wow, it was soooooo slow. You could've easily cut 30 minutes out of this movie, and it would have been so much better. The other thing that ruined it for me was the pretentious violin music. This was one of the most intrusive soundtracks that I've ever heard. The music was almost nonstop. The director couldn't just let each scene stand on its own merit. He had to amp it up even more with overbearing violins.

Sure, this is a lovely looking film and the message, despite having been depicted often and better, is an important one. It's a shame, then, that it was lost in this achingly boring, repetitious and overlong dullfest. Scenes drag and drag and drag and by the time I had seen the two leads stare at each other for minutes on end proclaiming their love for one another for the tenth time I was ready to tear the cinema screen in two. The only moral anger it inspired was at the waste of two hours I could have spent watching The Defiant Ones, The Hate You Give or Boyz N The Hood again (or anything, frankly - I'd have stooped as low as Big Momma's House by the end). Critics be damned: this is nice-looking tosh at best.

I wanted to like it, but I ended staying to the end because I kept hoping it would pick up. Slow, dark, dull. Much too long.

Heartbreaking, beautiful, moving and too damned long! There is a great 90 minute movie crying to get out of this 2 hour snooze. Several scenes were just excruciatingly slow.

This movies is junk nothing else Barry Jenkins please have some good other ideas then reprinting same things

It is all too easy and maybe even part of human nature to look upon people different from you as symbols. But this film has us dig deep and look at the individuals. An astonishing, intimate portrait. They are not just a guy and a girl, they are those particular people that shouldn't be be mistaken for others.This film gets the audience to open up. A rare accomplishment.

Beale Street, according to the narration, could stand for any black neighborhood, though in this case it appears to be Harlem.The opening scene has the 19-year-old telling her 22-year-old boyfriend tht she is pregnant with their child. However, he is in jail without bail, accused of rape, an possibly framed by a vengeful white policeman. The story then alternates between their relationship to date, and the attempt of both black families to prove his innocence. Complicating things is that the accuser has fled "home" to Puerto Rico, which delays the trial and leaves the accused in potential permanent "temporary" detention.I liked the story, the acting, and the "mood" of the movie. Indeed, I like it better than Moonlight, with its 3 distinctive phases and somewhat jarring transitions. I was amused at the 1st song over the closing credits - My Country Tis of Thee. Of course, Let Freedom Ring!

The title pretty much sums up the entire film. Beale Street cannot say anything at all. Astonishingly poor, soap-opera level acting from the entire cast; really poor storyline that could be summed up in 30 minutes; terribly drawn-out, boring dialogues; completely amateurish cinematography, pointless monologues all make me wonder what sort of lobbying pushed this film into multiple Oscar nominations and a win.

Barry Jenkins brings the same dreamy, ethereal style he used so effectively in "Moonlight" to this screen adaptation of the James Baldwin novel, but this time around it feels ill matched to the material.Baldwin was poetic, but he was also angry, and rightly so. "If Beale Street Could Talk" does a good job of showing how the things whites in America can take for granted -- falling in love, getting married, having children, building a life together with the person of your choice -- are a series of trials for blacks. Nothing but a bunch of road blocks stand in the way of the young couple at the center of the movie and their happiness. But what I missed from Jenkins' version of this story is the anger that such a state of affairs existed then and still exists now. "Beale Street" should have a sense of immediacy in our current times, but it instead feels overshadowed to me by other films this year like "BlackkKlansman" and "Sorry to Bother You," films that ask its audience to stand up and take notice. "Beale Stree," in its slowness and pursuit of formal perfection, asks its audience to take a snooze.KiKi Layne, who plays the young pregnant woman at the film's center, was I think a big part of the problem. She doesn't give a strong performance, and so this young girl who was supposed to come across as innocent but strong, comes across instead as somewhat vapid. Much better performances come from the actors who play her parents, Regina King and Colman Domingo, and the only time the movie really sparks is when one of those two is on screen. Sparks really fly in the scene when they announce their daughter's pregnancy to her boyfriend's family, but that scene is so overdone, and the characters of the boyfriend's mom and sisters played so exaggeratedly, that it comes across as ludicrous instead of powerful. At other times, Jenkins greatly underplays it, to the point where you want to prod him and ask him to pick up the pace a little. It's a very uneven movie, and I had a lot of trouble losing myself in the world it creates even though I really wanted to.Grade: B

The pacing is a real problem with this one and not having Tarantino or Sorkin as the writer, you can feel the attempt at meaningful dialogue, but at the end fell even flatter.
However, the critics will always give a high score to a movie like this, because "pick your card". How about we celebrate real cinema?

Filmmaker Barry Jenkins received both critical acclaim and numerous awards including Best Picture at the Academy Awards for his 2016 film Moonlight, an intimate and poetic exploration of one man's alienation and struggle in a society he feels drowned in. Jenkins' next film follows a completely different style, yet similar theme. Based on the 1974 novel by James Baldwin, If Beale Street Could Talk has its heart in the right place the entire time, overall achieving what it sets out to do, yet struggles to execute its mission to its best ability.Set in Harlem during the 1970s, young black couple Tish and Alfonso (Fonny) struggle to deal with the various interferences to their love. Fonny is in prison due to wrongfully being accused of raping a woman, causing Tish to go about with her daily life without emotional support, while Fonny feels trapped in his cell, separated from his emotional support as well. The driving force still connecting the couple is their unborn baby that Tish carries. In addition to their separation, the couple deals with the daily struggle of racism that plagued the 1970s, a time in which the civil rights movement was still fresh and racial justice was still a struggleJenkins main goal as a storyteller is to stay true to Baldwin's words and focus on the love story he crafted. While at times the couple feels to perfect and a little too in love, they have a deeply pure connection for each other that most couples can only dream of having. The on-screen chemistry between Tish (Kiki Layne) and Fonny (Stephen James) simply isn't there compared to other romantic films that follow a couple plagued with chaos. Perhaps this is due to Jenkins forcing their love on us, painting too pretty of a picture and excluding the necessary drama to hold them together. While Beale Street deals with a heavy subject matter, the drama and emotion is lacking. The film is too quiet and pretty, only two scenes truly grabbing you and giving you something to feel.What makes If Beale Street Could Talk work is how its made. Barry Jenkins, being the visual artist he is as a filmmaker, crafts a truly gorgeous vision of Harlem in the 1970s and puts together a stunning film that will captivate the audience throughout. The cinematography captures the characters beautifully, expressing their emotions with detail and precision. The score generates a mood to the film, one that is both haunting and charming simultaneously. Jenkins uses close-up shots to have his audience truly study his characters, allowing us to become more invested in their journey from start to finish.The performances in this film are all stellar, each actor giving it their absolute best to portray people and not just fictional characters. Regina King is particularly memorable as Tish's mother, who's motherly love and care for her daughter and her happiness drives her character into an emotional rollercoaster.If Beale Street Could Talk is a strong film, one that generates emotional appeal, yet doesn't fully embrace its dramatic potential. This film won't move you or make you cry most likely, but it will give you an appreciation for Barry Jenkins' directorial vision and for the struggle of a couple who truly love each other. Tish and Fonny both go through gut-wrenching emotional stress that needed to be explored and expressed in a more intense and kinetic fashion instead of the calm, peaceful nature of the film, but from start to finish you'll recognize you're watching an emotional film from the eye of a master filmmaker.

I'm a white person from a predominantly white country other than America. I tried to get into this movie but I gave up after about half way through it. It was hard to relate to the characters and their situation. I mean they were young teenagers who needed to get a job to support themselves. I didn't like the drinking and smoking all the time that seemed to be a waste of money. The female lead didn't seem to work very much and I think this contributed to why they couldn't afford a nice place to start their family. I think they should have moved in with her parents and saved some money. The characters were kind of floating through life. Given their maturity they probably should have waited to have had a baby. While this was all happening I got bored. The characters were all a bit stereotypical. The hate you give gave a bit more than this film for me. I hope others can get more out of it.

If Beale Street Could Talk is a secondary baby that neither thwarts nor soars. It's an ample telling of a boy and a girl in love interned under a hapless state of affairs that is conceivably weighty, yet, unaccustomedly charming. But yes, as you may imagine my lads, it is not even adjacent to as perfect of a masterpiece as Moonlight, which is, ethically, fine by my watch.My complications with the film principally have to do with how the story's incorporations of events and characters were handled. For example, Mrs. Hunt (Alonzo's Mother) and her daughters (who thankfully only appear in one scene in this entire film) are discharged in such a cartoonish vogue it nearly felt like I was witnessing sequences of a lost, hackneyed Disney princess tale.A couple times, also, there will be awfully exaggerated moments of tension-which if you could reckon, made the moments of anxiety seem more fairy-tale and less sincere. One scene in particular that distinctly stood out, was when a racist police officer attempted to arrest an innocent man at a marketplace. Much of this sequence features minimal subtleties of verisimilitude within its atmosphere and dialogue. It was not far from casting back a sort of "artificial" sense of craftsmanship.Conclusively, there is also nothing particularly new or fresh about the film's exploration of its subject matter. It is done certainly with dazzling aptitude, but it quirks nothing I hadn't seen before of other films of its matter.What made Moonlight amplify like no other film of our generation was it's realistic ability to apprise a sizable story without feeling numb to the truth. Beale Street is more elementary, more straight-forward, and alas, less convincing.HOWEVER, that being said, it's only in these split seconds that make Beale Street sometimes seem drowsy. But, when it shines, it shines. Heavenly.Some of my favorite scenes that really solidified Beale Street for me, consist of Barry's friend spewing a mortifying narrative of what life in prison was like for the two years he faced it, and a simplistically crafted scene of Barry constructing one of his most beloved artistic opuses. Even when these golden flashes aren't occurring, we are at least treated with kindness to the sumptuous cinematography of clean-cut shades of yellow, red, and green.All in all, the cons, the obstacles, and the whatevers slotted aside, it's troublesome for me to dislike If Beale Street Could Talk, in fact, I think I do dearly fancy it. Barry Jenkins has plenty of time to shoot another cream of the crop, and if we continuously receive tiny gems like this for now, I won't certainly be somber. This is a solid second-outing from a sophisticated director who still has our blessing to linger guidelessly when flexing his muscles. (Verdict: B)

I know i will dissappoint many of my followers on this review, , , but ''if beale street could talk'' filled me with such negative vibes that i will have trouble spelling them the right way.. its based on a novel and may that be the reason to why the director hasnt used his arrtistic fantasy better, because this was a terrible and boring story told on the widescreen from beginning to end. and when you in addiition to that put a score that belongs more to a brain eating maggot early 1980's horror movie, than i shake my head. its destroys the dialouges, and makes my tubular belles shiver from pain. bad bad bad.what i find reeasonable and good are the filmo and edit, some of the acting,yes, and the 1970's decorations and settings are very nice., even though i had trouble to see that it all happened in new york.its a love story of proportions, but how far and wide should it be stretched till it becomes dull and quite boring....i think it would have been a much better movie if the playtime were 85 minutes.so the grumpy old man will not recommend this film anyhow, there are many films out there that is more mature and loving than this one.it was a great dissapointment.

James Baldwin's sensitive novel has been committed to the screen by writer/director Barry Jenkins and the result resembles a soft blues ballad that is both eloquent and challenging in its careful examination of racial injustice and lasting love.The film uses the current time/past history format and does that well: at times the progress of the story gets lost in the technique but the overall flavor of the theme is maintained. Baldwin's poetry is intact - a brave stance for the director and cast and one they respect and honor with performances that are consistently excellent.African-American teen sweethearts Alonzo aka 'Fonny' (Stephan James) and Tish (KiKi Layne) are ripped apart when Fonny is wrongly arrested for the rape of a Puerto Rican woman (Emily Rios) because of the machinations of a racist cop (Ed Skrein). While seeking justice for Fonny, a pregnant Tish relies on her Harlem community, including her sister Ernestine (Teyonah Parris) mother Sharon (Regina King), father Joseph (Colman Domingo) and future in laws (Aunjanue Ellis, Michael Beach, Ebony Obsidian). The early years of Fonny and Tish are well played and the change from friendship to passionate lovers is played very well. Of note the most prejudiced character in the story is not a white person (though the policeman is wholly obnoxious) is Fonny's mother - a move that makes the story even more poignant.The acting is first rate, the cinematography by James Laxton and the musical score by Nicholas Britell are appropriately moody, and Barry Jenkins is most impressive as the director. This is a solid film that deserves the attention it is receiving.

A picture seen from an unsual, artistic, emocional, correct perspective. Focused on a pair o children raised together that later accepted an wider love. Two very ordinary families, one more aligned the other twisted by denial. I cannot stand much more ordinary monetarized art on my screen. This is quite the opposite. Making everithing right, maybe seizing the moment, but presenting a artistic very humane view without protests, confrontations, expression of physical hate violence. And we see between the lines of the love and respect. Which is important to show first.

Some of the dialogue is ROUGH, but the score and overall loving tone leave you in such a pleasant mood despite the dark subject.

There are many long beautiful takes in this movie. The scenes are beautiful, but sometimes make the movie feel like it is dragging. The story is simple and sweet. The acting performances are stellar, Fonny has the sweetest expressions and the date scenes are incredibly sweet and intimate. The movie could have been amazing with a bit more depth to the characters surrounding the main two and how their feelings and beliefs impacted them. The scene with the two families was powerful, but ultimately didn't provide much significant too the story telling.

I didn't expect much but this movie was just phenomenal although it progressed very slowly but the storytelling was great and i loved the character emotions. All around a good movie.

I don't agree at all that the movie was boring. I got teary eyed throughout and truly thought it was one of the best movies I have seen in a very long time. It should have won more awards, the acting was so understated and powerful plus the cinematography and music were beautiful and moving. I loved it!

A highly thought-provoking story that captures the sad reality of the injustice that has plagued our society, while also illustrating the drive and powerful force of love. This dramatic work intentionally takes it's time to allow the audience to understand and contemplate the feelings, thoughts, and emotions of the characters. If you're looking for an action-packed drama, this is not that movie. But if you want a film that compels you to be cerebral while digesting historical parallels then this is the film for you.

This is a Black movie. More Black than BlackKKlansman. I don't mean that in a Blaxploitation sense. I'm talking hilariousness, togetherness, and realness.It has a number of really well portrayed (controversial) themes that can cause some interesting and potentially serious discussions among its viewers. It also has a captivating plot centered around two lovers whose world gets rammed through and future potentially tarnished.I especially enjoyed the style of storytelling that If Beale Street Could Talk uses. The narration, unexpected history lessons, and smooth time jumps all make for a hell of a journey. And let me tell you, that journey gets real tense.
...Dat long take, tho.Prepare to laugh, hurt, numb up a bit, and walk away wondering how you should feel.

What many critics wrote about 'If Beale Street Could Talk':
5/5
10/10
Cinema never gets better than this!I'm sorry critics, I'm sure you know your business, but this movie is not worth a 10/10 and cinema can in fact get better than this. Hear me out:This ís a beautiful film! De cinematography by James Laxton and the editing by McMillon and Sanders are pure Jazz: artfully impressionistic, yet always clear. Guided by the moving musical score by Nicholas Britell it distils the emotion of the scenes down to their essence. Emotion that is wonderfully expressed by the performances of Regina King, Colman Domingo and Michael Beach. I also would like to congratulate Brian Tyree Henry, with his deeply touching scene. The rest of the cast is surely award worthy, but are at several moments overshadowed by those I just mentioned. I also have to blame the script, though: phrases like 'unbow your head, sister' do not work convincingly in domestic conversations.Then there is the story, that talks about the difficult life of black people in the 70's. The racist injustice they faced, is infuriating and makes you want to yell in the face of all those pretentious white males. It doesn't miss it's target.
But the movie feels unfinished. The makers leave us with no conclusion, no relief of tension, no true ending. And I would like to have a satisfying ending after two hours of film.Which brings me to the runtime of the film. Nothing seems wrong with it, but it was too long for what the story had to offer. The scenes on itself were often just a minute or three too long and one scene in particular should have been thrown overboard:
When Fonnie and Tish are buying their own place to live, they are escorted by the Jewish landlord, played by Dave Franco who is terribly miscast. Nothing in the scene drives the story forward, and the acting here takes a deep dip. Nope, negative points for that.
This movie should have been around an hour and a half. That would seem fair.However, there was a part of the story, I found to be rather neglected. The white advocate that investigated Fonnie's case encountered some weird ignorance from his fellow white colleagues. This is only briefly mentioned and I thought his struggle to prove Fonnie innocent to be interesting enough to be talked about a bit more elaborately. This would make up for the lost runtime when all the dispensable parts are cut.'If Beale Street Could Talk' is not bad! Not bad at all. I enjoyed it, it is really worth a watch and the expression of emotion - not only through acting, but also through camerawork, editing and scoring - should go down in history.

Visually stunning. However, the script is repetitive and the characters do not develop complexity. The actors present the same facial expressions from start to finish. It could be a much better movie...

The baby asked,
'Is there not one righteous among them?":
James Baldwin, If Beale Street Could TalkBeale Street refers to the jumpin' heart of Memphis where Louis Armstrong was born. As explained in text from Baldwin's source book (requiring a speed read!) it's used as a metaphor for the birthplace of every black person in America. ("Every black person in America was born on Beale Street"). But the story is set in Harlem, New York, and with this intellectual stretch, before I even get past the title, I am immediately reaching for the "P-word", of which more later.Tish (KiKi Layne) is 19 and in love with her lifelong friend 'Fonny' (Stephan James). So much in love in fact (and so careless) that Tish is now pregnant with his child. Tish must break this news to both families herself, since Fonny is inside awaiting trial for a vicious rape that he claims he didn't commit. Tish and their joint families are trying to help, but can Fonny be released in time to see the birth of his child? Or are the institutions so set against him that release is impossible and death row might await?At its heart, this film portrays a truly beautiful love story. Tish and Fonny (both adorably played by the young leads) are friends becoming more than friends. We see their emerging love through flashback scenes. Some of these, particularly one on a metro train, are exquisitely done; long gazes into eyes, starting as one thing and ending as another.In another scene, Fonny takes Tish's virginity, and it's done with style, taste and finesse. For younger teens this should be compulsory viewing as an antidote to all the horrible porn they are seeing on the internet: THIS is what sex, based on a foundation of true love, is all about. (The film is UK15 rated for "infrequent very strong language, strong sex" - I actually agree with the rating for the language (and actually I think an act of marital violence should also have also been referenced).... but not for the sex, which should be 12A).It's a love story then? Well, yes, but offset against that, it's a very angry film, seething with rage about how the police force and the justice system is set 'against the black man'. Director Barry Jenkins (of - eventual - Oscar winner "Moonlight" fame) has a message to impart and he is intent on imparting it.The film didn't get a SAG nomination for the ensemble cast, but it almost feels that they missed out here. As well as the two young leads being spectacular, the whole of the rest of the cast really gel well together, particularly the respective parents: Colman Domingo ("Selma") as Tish's father Joseph; Regina King as Tish's mother Sharon; Michael Beach ("Patriots Day") as Fonny's father Frank and Aunjanue Ellis as his bible-bashing mother. A dramatic scene where they all collectively hear the news about the pregnancy is both comical and shocking in equal measure.If this film gets an Oscar nomination for sound, I'll frankly be cross! There is significant use of sonorous, bass-heavy music and effects (including a lovely cello theme by Nicholas Britell) - all very effective; there is a lot of earnest and quietly spoken dialogue between the characters - also moody and effective. Unfortunately the two are mixed together in some scenes and frankly I couldn't make out what was being said. Most frustrating.In addition, there is voiceover narration from Tish (if you follow my blog regularly you KNOW what I think about that!). Actually, this isn't as overly intrusive as in films like "The Hate U Give", but it sounds like it was recorded in a dustbin! It's a bit like that effect you get with headphones where the plug isn't quite in the socket, and everything sounds way off and tinny. When combined with Layne's accent the effect, again, made the dialogue difficult to comprehend.There's a degree of bad language in the film, albeit mild in comparison to "The Favourite"! Tish's sister (Teyonah Parris) uses the c-word in one very funny dissing of Fonny's 'up-themselves' sisters (Ebony Obsidian and Dominique Thorne). But the n-word is used repeatedly during the film, and that I can never get used to. I 'get it' (in the sense that I understand the perception) that this is a word that 'only black people can use between themselves'. But this just feels elitist and wrong to me. At a time when Viggo Mortensen gets crucified for using it once (while being descriptive and in-context) during a press junket for "Green Book", I just feel that if a word is taboo it should be taboo, period.I will also raise the "p-word", that being "pretentious". Barry Jenkins clearly feels he has something to prove after the success of "Moonlight", and there are certainly moments of directorial brilliance in the film. As previously mentioned, the sex scene is one of the best I've seen in a long while. Also beautifully done are a birthing scene and two confrontational scenes in Puerto Rico. But there are also moments that seem to be staged, artificial and too 'arty' for their own good. Any hidden meaning behind them completely passed me by. (Examples are Sharon's wig scene and a pan around Fonny's wood sculpture). It all seems to be "trying too hard".Hate for the police is also writ large on the film, with every discriminatory police officer in the whole of the US embodied in the wicked sneering face of the police office Bell (Ed Skrein).This is a film written and directed by an American black man (Jenkins) and largely fully cast with American black people. And I'm a white Englishman commenting on it. I'm clearly unqualified to pass judgement on how black America really feels about things! But comment I will from this fug of ignorance.It feels to me that the "Black Lives Movement" has given, at long last, black film-makers like Jenkins a platform in cinema to present from. This is a great thing. But I'm sensing that at the moment the tone of the output from that platform (such as this film) seems to me heavily tinged with anger: a scream of frustration about the system and racial injustice over the years. It's the film-makers right to make films about subjects dear to them. And I'm sure this summer we'll sadly again see atrocities as previously seen in the likes of Ferguson and Dallas, fuelling the fire of hate. But I would personally really like to see someone like Jenkins use his undoubted talents to make a more uplifting film: a film reflecting the more positive strives that are happening in society, allowing for people of all races and all sexual orientations to make their way in business (not drug-running or crime!) and/or life in general. Those good news stories - the positive side of race relations - are out there and my view is that someone like Barry Jenkins should be telling them.Final thoughts: I wasn't as much of a fan of "Moonlight" as the Academy, and this film also left me conflicted. The film is well-made and the cast is very engaging. It also has a love story at its heart that is moody but well-done. Overall though the movie felt over-engineered and a little pretentious, and that knocked it down a few pegs for me.(For the full graphical review please visit One Mann's Movies on the web or Facebook. Thanks)

This deliberately paced and lusciously scored movie gives a human face to the consequences of the wrongfully convicted African American men. The couple's love story is tenderly told. The injustice is matter of factly told and more effective for that.A couple of faults - the non linear structure of the story is confusing at times. Just too many flashbacks.The actors are all watchable. Regina King was good too as mom who did something about it. Various talented actors supporting including Pedro Pascal very different from usual as a Puerto Rican.

This was an odd film in that it had a good story and some brilliant scenes but sadly it was let down by some scenes that seemed pointless and some that dragged for far too long. It just made the film seem a lot longer than it needed to. It is still well worth a watch and maybe those scenes just went over my head.I thought the acting was great, especially Kiki Layne, I loved the soundtrack and the camera work was excellent.

#ifbealestreetcouldtalk 7/10 great cinematography but don't go and watch this if you're looking for an uplifting film it's very slow and a little depressing but well worth a watch

'If Beale Street Could Talk (2018)' is an equal parts tender and tough look at a complex love story, one that tackles several relevant racial issues as they shape the central couple's lives in more ways than one. It's clear by now that Jenkins is a master of his craft. He confidently creates an unconventional experience that's as gentle as it is powerful. The performances, which are often scrutinised in intense close-ups, bolster this. They're all brilliant, with a surprising stand-out for me actually being Brian Tyree Henry. Of course, the leads - KiKi Layne and Stephan James - are especially superb, subtly portraying their characters with nuance and poise. Both of them are quietly commanding in their own ways, only really revealing their true selves in each other's company. The movie isn't flawless, however. The almost dream-like pacing is purposefully slow but it occasionally leads to a lack of urgency. The plot itself also seems to meander at points, with truly powerful scenes often being punctuated by lax and almost tangential ones. Those powerful scenes more than make up for this, however, and every moment adds to the overall sense of that the flick wants to explore the differing lives of these characters. There's never a boring beat and the unique perspective and narrative structure keep things feeing fresh. The narration feels a little out of place and, sometimes, heavy-handed, though. It was surely meant to evoke the novel's prose more directly but it pales in comparison to the rest of the picture and, ultimately, feels unnecessary. On the whole, this is an enjoyable and quietly moving experience that tackles its heavy themes with the same elegance as it tackles its unconventional romance. 7/10

I am sorry but Barry Jenkins seems to have sleep walked through this mess. it is shocking considering this is the director of the near masterpiece "Moonlight." Not to mention that that Beale street is one of Baldwins better and more original works.Despite the problems with directing and adaptation though, the lead actress' work is a tour de force. KiKi Layne is extremely talented and more than carries the film.

I read the novel, If Beale Street Could Talk, twice about 20 years ago while in undergraduate school and loved it! Well, after viewing the film, the movie was just as good as the novel! For instance, I felt like I was reading James Baldwin's prose as I was listening to the dialogue in the film. Baldwin was great at writing about the Black experience in the US. More importantly, he writes so eloquently about the conversations some Black people have with other Black folks about their experience of being Black in America so it makes me smile to see these conversations portrayed in film.Furthermore, the music score is VERY entertaining. I had the song Eden (Harlem) and Agape by Nicholas Britell on replay for hours after seeing this film!

This film tells a young woman who is pregnant with a man who is accused of rape.The story could have been emotional and poignant, but it is neither. The non linear timeline confused me completely, and I could not tell what is past, present or future. The slow pace bores me loads as well. There are only two scenes worth watching, one is the scene with the meeting between the parents, and the other street scene in Puerto Rico.

The movie started off good, but as it got into the story line it became slow & annoying. I was unable to me make sense of the actions that were and weren't being taken about him being falsely accused and that took away from the romance.

Like others, I went wanting to really like this movie but it was ponderous in the extreme. Whatever atmosphere it hoped to create or culture it hoped to depict was so terribly laden, slow, lumbering and freighted with belaboured didactic meaning, the good acting and decent production values just couldn't stand up to the weight. Seems like a wasted opportunity.

First of all, this movie was just incredibly pretentious, like you're watching the story of George Washington or something. The director doesn't know how to set the tone of his scenes or a movie in general. Worse thing is, there's a stark juxtaposition with the female lead character's nasty, negative attitude that just rubs you the wrong way.I won't even get into the rest of why I thought this movie was terrible, but another reviewer discussed the community in general and just simply nailed it. I won't go into details, he said it all. I just don't have time for garbage like this that makes excuses, that's for rich fools in Beverly Hills and the Upper East Side who live i a different world who enjoy poverty films like this.

Cinematography, fantastic. Acting, superb. Pacing? The absolute worst. Every scene dragged on way longer than it had too and some of the scenes almost seem totally unnecessary and unneeded. Rarely would get distracted whilst watching a film in the cinema but I lost focus so often and I'm certain it's due to how boring and long most of the dialogue and interactions were. I really wanted to enjoy this film and went in with zero expectations but was let down regardless. Super slow, super dull, super disappointing.

I love all the things what were said in silence. This was a powerful, deeply moving love story. I personally found my self crying while watching this movie, several times. And recognized the hurt that came with the path they didn't choose. Everything isn't for everyone but if your up for an experience an have a open mind and heart. Watch this movie.

I feel sorry that I miss it at the theater, it was just the Moonlight movie the director did kind of keep me from trying to see the movie. Now I have seen it I feel it should have gotten more awards. The acting was superb, the imagery was artful, and the music was soulful. The dialogue was spot on, I really enjoyed this movie, I think I'll sit and watch this film again with someone else who haven't seen it which I haven't done in a long time. The next movie the director makes now I'll give it a chance base off this movie.

GRADE: BTHIS FILM IS RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: An overly romanticized mood upstages the more realistic story of a innocent man falsely incarcerated and its overreaching effect on a family.JIM'S REVIEW: It is so hard trying to isolate and protect your own world from the real one. Somehow, anger and intolerance seeps in and, try as you may, the ills of the world are unavoidable. Young love, with all its pure hope and lofty expectations, fight head-on against the barriers of bigotry and hatred. That is the scenario in Barry Jenkins' idealized but moving adaptation of James Baldwin's If Beale Street Could Talk.This highly romanticized drama loses its harder edge as it focuses too much on the tender love story while downplaying the ugly truth of poverty and racism that helped to define the minority class struggle in a segregated world. Writer / Director Barry Jenkins presents an unrealistic view of the world in his sanitized version of Mr. Baldwin's novel. While the film firmly establishes the relationship of the young lovers and celebrates a positive image of a black family fighting against the odds, it ultimately sacrifices the tragic incidents caused by racial injustice.There is no Beale Street in sight. This is not New Orleans, but Harlem, circa 1970. As the film opens with a title card in Mr. Baldwin's own words, Beale Street is a state of mind for its American-American characters, particularly two ill-fated lovers nicknamed Tish and Fonny. The jazz-infused score by Nicholas Britell successfully captures that lyrical mood, as does the saturated color palette by cinematographer James Laxton. At first, everything is lush and beautiful to a fault. And then the story begins...Nineteen year old Tish Rivers narrates her tale informing the audience of her boyfriend's unexpected arrest. Fonny has suddenly become that innocent black man falsely accused of a violent crime. Their wonderful world has careened off-course. Fonny's subsequent incarceration comes at a bad time as the family must also cope with Tish's pregnancy.Mr. Jenkins uses flashback techniques, multiple close-ups, and rich colors to create a sense of urgency. He takes Mr. Baldwin's poetic language and blends strong visuals to reinforce those words. But his film is too leisurely paced and he belabors the romance angle with starry-eyed vigor. Other aspects of the plot are far more engaging, especially if events were depicted in more realistic terms, but the story-line is secondary to Mr. Jenkin's sedate vision of love.Still the director/ writer is very skilled at creating well-defined characters caught in circumstances beyond their control. Many scenes in his screenplay are very poignant (Tish's description of her job at a department store's perfume counter, the couple playing make-believe while looking for an apartment, a sensitively staged scene of lovemaking). Some become powerful episodes that fortunately shake up the narrative (a family get-together turned violent, a stirring monologue about prison life that serves as a foreboding message by one of Fonny's friends, montages of b & w archival photographs showing black men being forcibly arrested, a visit by Tish's mother to confront Fonny's accuser). All stunning moments that somehow get waylaid by the film's overt romanticism.Mr. Jenkins also casts his film with a terrific ensemble of talented actors. KiKi Layne (in a stunning film debut) and Stephan James are totally convincing as the loving duo. Their chemistry is credible and becomes the core of the film. Providing fine support are Colman Domingo, Teyonah Parris, Michael Beach, and in a riveting performance, Regina King as Tish's mother, Sharon Rivers. Her proud depiction of a strong woman unafraid to speak out in order to protect her family is Oscar worthy. Aunjanue Ellis, Emily Rios, and Brian Tryee Henry are very memorable in their short but pivotal scenes too.If Beale Street Could Talk does say a lot about the African-American experience...and its assets far outweigh its flaws. But this film adaptation settles for beautification when indignation is called for. The film would have said even more had Mr. Jenkins allowed it to speak louder...with more anger and rage that is forever lodged deeply in its soul.

As with Barry Jenkins' previous film, Moonlight, If Beale Street Could Talk has a personal feeling direction that adds an extra layer of realism and connection between art and artist. Perhaps it's his intense and slowly filmed close ups without dialogue or his incredible sense for telling a story through the colors he uses in cinematography, his films feel weighted with emotion, in a good way. Disappointingly though, I never felt personally connected to these characters nor the intensity of the situations they found themselves in. I won't say there's anything overtly wrong with the movie or a glaring weakness, but I wasn't as emotionally invested as I thought I would be. In a way, it's a larger comment on how 2018 went as a whole. Aside from Roma or A Star is Born, there was a serious lack of quality to the typical "Oscar bait" films. No matter, I look forward to Barry Jenkins next outing behind the camera, as there are few directors with his type of talent out there.6.8/10

What's with these bad reviews? You people should not be watching films like this, just go see the newest marvel movie instead. Barry Jenkins did a fantastically brilliant adaptation of this beautiful masterpiece by James Baldwin. Barry sticks very close to the book, which may be why it feels slow, but I think it really worked. So sad this didn't get more Oscars; it deserved them.

There is this old white boy's club that has nothing better to do with their time than to put innocent black people in jail.Fonny (Stephan James ) is 22 and in jail accused of rape. Tish (KiKi Layne) is 19 and soon to be his baby momma. She does a monologue during the feature to explain things to us about white folks. The family drama was too heavy to look real. The picture runs in both the present and the past. It appears to indicate Fonny is innocent and without the victim to be in court, I find it hard they could not beat the charge except they accepted the plea which was the main point of the whole film which was presented at the very end and rather poorly.Beale Street in is New Orleans. This film takes place on Bank Street in New York. If Beale Street could talk, I am sure it would say, "Nothing to see here."Guide: F-word. Brief sex and nudity.

Watch this, you will love this. One of the best pictures I have seen. Deep, moving, eloquent. inspiring, and timeless!

The story is powerful. Imagery and film is great. The movie was filmed on purpose slowly and the impact is felt. For African-American families who have lived through some the dramatically portrayed stories it is a very real life adventure. It was real to me. Enjoyed this film.

Like a lot of reviewers here I went into it knowing the book and desperately wanted to love the film. On the positive side the cinematography is quote good. But it is profoundly badly paced. Really could have been cut by 50% or more.it also fails utterly to convey Baldwin's message and talent at taking us though the passage of optimism, despair and finally optimism again. Also missing is Baldwins ultimate message of universality in the story, which in fact has been lived by many people from different backgrounds. James Baldwin himself said that Beale St could have easily been about the Irish or Italians when they were minorities, or about gay people. Yet the film makes the problem of oppressed minority seem parochial and singular. A lot of the professional reviewers do not seem to even know that Baldwin was ostracized, in fact attacked, by many in the civil rights movement when his homosexuality became better known

If Beale Street Could Talk is a drama film written and directed by Barry Jenkins (Moonlight). Based on the novel of the same name by James Baldwin, it is another fine entry in the director's filmography that firmly establishes him as one of modern cinema's most creative storytellers.In Harlem, New York, Fonny (Stephan James) and Tish (KiKi Layne), a young African-American couple who have been close friends since they were small children, are searching for a place to live. However, their efforts prove difficult due to most New York landlords not wishing to let African-Americans rent out their apartments. One day, Fonny is accused of raping a woman named Victoria and despite no strong evidence for this, he ends up being sent to prison with the help of a racist white cop. Hoping to prove Fonny's innocence, Tish's mother Sharon (Regina King) sets out to track down Victoria to attempt to coax her into changing the testimony against him. Eventually, things become more complicated when Tish reveals she is currently pregnant with Fonny's child.With its solid direction and great acting, If Beale Street Could Talk is a poignant, melancholic portrait of young love and the challenges that need to be overcome. Director Barry Jenkins' clever use of silhouettes during the couple's expressions of intimacy shows that love is truly a universal thing that transcends race and skin colour. In addition to this, his unique command of colour feels almost as though each frame is part of a painting. The cast does a superb job as well. Stephan James and KiKi Layne have excellent chemistry with each other and the audience can genuinely feel that there is romance between their characters. However, it is Regina King who stands out as the supportive mother, always going that extra mile to make sure her daughter is happy. As was the case with Moonlight, don't expect a happy ending to this story.I rate it 8.5/10

When the nominations were announced during Awards Season, I heard about and saw the trailer for this film, it looked like it could be a good film, and it did receive a few accolades, so I went to see it at the cinema, based on the book by James Baldwin, directed by Barry Jenkins (Moonlight). The film has a non-linear structure, the following is in linear. Basically Clementine "Tish" Rivers (KiKi Layne) and Alonzo "Fonny" Hunt (Stephan James) have been friends since childhood and began a relationship when they were grown up. They struggle to find a place to live in New York City, as most landlords refuse to rent apartments to black people. They eventually find a place in a warehouse that is being converted to loft apartments, Levy the Jewish landlord (Dave Franco) gives them a reasonable rate, because he enjoys seeing couples in love, regardless of their race. That night, when Tish is shopping at a mostly white grocery store, she is harassed by a man, Fonny stops the assault and physically throws the man out of the store. Officer Bell (Ed Skrein), a white policeman, witnesses the incident and attempts to arrest Fonny, but reluctantly lets him go when the white female grocery store owner vouches for them. Fonny is later arrested for raping a woman, despite it being virtually impossible for him to have travelled from the scene of the crime to the apartment where he was arrested in the amount of time between the rape and the arrest. The case against Fonny is considered strong due to the testimonies of Officer Bell, who claims to have seen Fonny fleeing the scene, and Victoria Rogers (Emily Rios), the victim who identified Fonny in a line-up as the rapist. Tish and Fonny's friend Daniel Carty (Brian Tyree Henry) were with him at the time of the rape, but his alibi is not considered reliable due to Tish's romantic relationship with Fonny, and Daniel's previous conviction for grand theft auto. Tish visits Fonny in jail as he awaits trial and reveals to him that she is pregnant with his child, Fonny is excited to be a father, but is saddened that his child might be born with him behind bars. Later, Tish tells her parents, Sharon (Oscar and Golden Globe winning Regina King) and Joseph (Colman Domingo), and sister Ernestine (Teyonah Parris), about her pregnancy, they are initially worried for her, but they are supportive. They decide to invite Fonny's family over to share the news of the pregnancy, Fonny's father Frank (Michael Beach) is excited about the pregnancy, but Fonny's highly religious mother (Aunjanue Ellis) declares the child to be a sin due to being conceived out of wedlock. She goes into a rant about how Tish and her child are damned, which ends when Frank hits her, as Mrs. Hunt begins to leave with her daughters in disgust, Sharon reminds her that she has just condemned her own grandchild, leaving her emotionally distraught as she is escorted away by her daughters. In a bar, Frank discusses his worries about paying for a child and Fonny's legal expenses, but Joseph convinces him that they will be able to provide for their grandchild the same way they provided for their children. Sharon tracks down rape victim Victoria to her native Puerto Rico, she travels there to plead with her to change her testimony. Sharon tries to convince Victoria that she made a mistake when she identified Fonny in the line-up as her rapist, but she refuses. Sharon questions if Victoria could have seen her rapist's face in the dark, Victoria says the police told her to identify Fonny in a line-up, and she did so. Sharon gently touches her, but is forced to leave when Victoria starts screaming, attracting the attention of her neighbours. Fonny has become discouraged that his case is hopeless, and the trial constantly being delayed, he eventually accepts a plea deal. In the end, some years later, Tish and Alonzo Jr. (Kaden Byrd) are visiting Fonny in prison, they all look forward to Fonny's eventual release. Also starring Pedro Pascal as Pietro Alvarez, Diego Luna as Pedrocito, Ebony Obsidian as Adrienne Hunt, Dominique Thorne as Sheila Hunt, Ethan Barrett as Young Fonny and Milanni Mines as Young Tish. Layne and James give good performances loving couple broken apart due to a crime of injustice, and the supporting cast all do very well, I agree King does stand out as the righteous mother. You do have to get used to the flashback structure, going backwards and forwards in time (and I don't understand the title, no-one ever mentions a Beale Street?), but it is a refreshing approach, almost a modern variation of Romeo and Juliet, with the lovers' families warring, the 1970s period detail is very good, and obviously the racist themes are poignant and add to the tragedy, an interesting romantic drama. It was nominated the Oscar for Best Original Score for Nicholas Britell and Best Adapted Screenplay for Barry Jenkins, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Original Music, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Drama and Best Screenplay. Very good!

I really enjoyed the start of this movie, it was setting up to be something special and inspiring. Unfortunately the pacing was really off , along with not much actually happening and some scenes being dragged out super thin. The acting was superb especially from Tishs mum and dad, this couldn't save what could've been an inspiring and thought provoking movie. Instead the focus leans to heavily on trying to create heartache for these characters when the bigger picture and problem is covered far too quickly in literally the last minute of the movie. More real videos and pictures from these times would've been helpful and created more of a stark look at what these men went through.

This film was directed by the same person as Moonlight which gained so much praise when it came out, so I had an interest in watching If Beale Street Could Talk and I can appreciate how well this film is made even though it isn't my type of film. The premise of the film sees a young woman deal with pregnancy while her and her family try and get her fiancee out of jail. Teyonah Parris plays Tish in this film and she does an excellent job, she portrays the emotional plight of her character so well and you really feel for her character as she goes through this journey. Regina King plays her mother and she does a fantastic job in this film, she plays the role perfectly and really adds depth to her role even though it isn't that large. Colman Domingo from Fear The Walking Dead plays her father in this film and he is great in this role I just really wish he was in the film more. Though I didn't care for Stephan James character of Fonni, it is difficult to truly care about a romance when one half of the pairing in my opinion comes across as unlikeable and just a bit ego centric which hurt the film. But there are some suprising cameos that I really enjoyed seeing that was a nice suprise. The story is impactful seeing these two individuals try and live life and seeing the depth of the ways they try and get Fonni out of prison. However, there are certain elements of the story that I felt were used to embelish the story and really didn't lead to anything. The script is very good with some quick dialogue to begin with and the use of drama works to build this relationship the best they could. The style of the film is very nice to look at, the backdrop of the film fits the story very well, but the pacing of this film is really slow and where it works in some scenes it really doesn't in others and makes this film feel closer to 3 hours instead of 2. Overall this is a good movie that is well made and is worth a watch if you are a fan of slower romantic films.

If Beale Street Could Talk is an elegant but repetitive historical drama by Barry Jenkins, the filmmaker behind Moonlight, to which his new film is alas inferior. Yet again he illuminates the way in which African-Americans often lead their lives - not only those who lived in the era the film depicts - but never in such a way that he simply panders to black viewers.His characters are ones we can either relate to or recognize as people we've met, but may not share hardships and obstacles in common with (especially not historically speaking). Here, however, he is tasked with adapting the characters of James Baldwin, who wrote the Beale Street novel, and he still does well.All that being said, this can be seen as a somewhat ham-fisted movie. It mainly features black actors, including but not limited to Kiki Layne, the Oscar-nominated Regina King, Stephan James, Teyonah Parris, Colman Domingo, Michael Beach, and Brian Tyree Henry. The white characters, played by the likes of Ed Skrein as a corrupt cop, exist mostly to either dish out racism or be apologetic of it. Dave Franco's character makes for an exception - he loves all people, be they "black, white, green or purple".The prejudice on display is not really cartoonish, however. The scenarios we see are ones that seem all too real, particularly (but not exclusively) for the decade in which the film is set. It has been called a "not very happy" movie, but it ultimately leaves us with a sense of hope for the main characters - the wrongfully convicted man, the woman who loves him, and the child growing within her.Beale Street tells its story out of sequence and the way the characters behave in a given scene helps indicate where in their arcs we're seeing them; past or present. It is beautifully shot and scored on top of that, definitely deserving of the Oscar nomination it has received in the latter category, although my vote for the winner is Isle of Dogs.Also beautiful is the film's color palette; online critic YMS noted Jenkins' use of "vibrant reds, greens and golds" in his review from Toronto Film Fest. There is obviously much thought behind said colors and how they are employed, down to the way the costumes are taylored. Another selling point, naturally, is the acting. I was not familiar with all the names I listed above and for some of them this is an acting debut. Not a bad start.One major complaint I have is the use of real-life imagery from black American history. Not because I mind the idea of archive footage being used, but because it sometimes distracts from the central love story. The worst part about this past paragraph? I am now actually agreeing with Armond White about something (you KNOW I had to go read his perspective on a movie that dares posit that racism isn't very good).Again, I didn't find this film as impressive as some other Oscar-nominated productions, but I can't say there are that many options for you this year. All the films I've seen for my marathon thus far, bar The Favourite, have been underwhelming. It's a pretty boring year for the Academy Awards (that's what you get for ignoring the likes of Hereditary and Suspiria) but this is one of the better films!

Like other reviewers said so many scenes are way drawn out and not to mention over-dramatized and not in a good way more like in a "wth did they even just say" kinda way. And I kept thinkin oh boy plz don't do what I think you're gonna do with this ending and it was even worse than I thought lol.

If Beale Street Could Talk is a languorous love story originally from acclaimed author, James Baldwin. Like few other romances on screen, it takes its time developing the deep and enduring love of Tish (Kiki Layne) and Fonny (Stephen James), who has been accused of a rape he did not commit. She is pregnant but not slowed down enough to forsake trying to exonerate her fiancé.Although this sounds like a thriller, it is mostly not. It is a measured and deeply felt story about the vicissitudes of love for a lovely black couple in the '70's. Moonlight director Barry Jenkins juxtaposes a warmly colorful mise en scene with a grim story not so dark because of the gifted actors making the audience believe they really are in love. Jenkins, no stranger to depicting prison life, parallels the story of Fonny's eventual fate while the mother of his son faithfully visits him in prison with news of progress on bringing his sad situation to trial.The film is dominated by the soulful couple but also peppered with a rich variety of African-American life, from her mother, Sharon (Regina King), traveling to Puerto Rico on her future son-in-law's behalf, to his dad, Frank (Michael Beach), uncertain about how this happened to his family. The actors are first-rate and their life seemingly authentic. To listen to Fonny's old friend Daniel (Brian Tyree Henry) talk about prison life is to listen to a fine actor gently describing a horror.If Beale Street Could Talk is strong theater that's really a film with a story thin on action but laden with love.

Boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring

Are those reviews by the KKK or did these people expect a "Marvel gem" and landed in a beautifully filmed movie instead ?
This movie is the best film I have seen in ages. Great story, actors, cinematography. lighting, atmosphere and music.
No one in our movie theatre (in central Berlin) left and 2/3 sat there enjoying the final credits. It was extremely well received although the audience was 100% white.

Beautifully shot black pity-party. Embraces the same racism in reverse that it claims to be the cause of their downfall. The score is solid.

In Harlem, Tish Rivers loves Fonny Hunt. She surprises him with news of their pregnancy. He's been falsely arrested for rape. Tish's parents (Regina King, Colman Domingo) are supportive. Fonny's father is also supportive but his mother and sisters are religious zealots. Their family breaks out into outright fights. Fonny's accuser runs off to her Puerto Rico home. The decks are stacked against them as the family tries desperately to pay for their overwhelmed defence lawyer.Barry Jenkins, director of Oscar winning Moonlight, has a real eye for beauty. This is a beautiful film about a beautiful love suffering under an ugly system. Relative newcomer KiKi Layne is a revelation. The only missing element is some doubt about Fonny's innocence. The doubt could have raised the tension in the story. His innocence is never in doubt since Tish, the most reliable character in the movie, is one of his alibis. There could have been great tension in that part of the story. There is a really compelling incident at a local grocery store. That should be the inciting incident for the cop and Fonny. It could have unfolded over several scenes throughout the movie as each one reveals something. The court case could have given more lawyer fighting. That's the side dish. Undoubtedly, the main course is the undeniable love. I find it hokey and beautiful that the young Jewish land developer nails it on the head. It's a beautiful scene of pure love.

"If Beale Street Could Talk" is a very beautiful film to watch. Technically, it is perfect. Barry Jenkins (Directing) and James Laxton (Cinematography) were robbed for Oscar nominations, they deserved it. The cinematography and above everything, the music is perfect and makes it more intriguing, and keeps you into watching the film until the end. That said, if you put out all of those technical stuff, the story itself seems too basic and simplistic for me. The story was slow and a little bit flat. All the movie was saved by the beautiful shots and music. Still, the story is touching but just too monotonous.

The unique narrative construction works really well-instead of a storyboard, it's a portrait, rich with history (both intimate and expansive, romantic and tragic), colour (the cinematography is great), and overflowing emotion (joy/hopelessness, love/anger), painted with the exquisitely beautiful strokes of the score (with Tish's narration an excellent extra touch). Some scenes are maybe a bit too long, but the emotional build-up remains powerful (the climax-less ending doesn't do it justice).

Close to the novel, but in some crucial ways not. Beautiful cinematography and great acting. But, my advice: Read the book (first).

Moonlight is the pinnacle of cinema in my opinion, the best film of the 21st Century and my worry with this film was that Barry Jenkins would try to out do himself from his previous Academy Award Winning effort, thankfully he doesn't and he provides a poignant, touching and heartfelt film on black love in the 70's.Kiki Layne and Stephan James are incredible in their leading roles, the looks in their eyes as Jenkins and his cinematographer James Laxton (who is excellent in his role once again) keep the frame on their expressive faces.The entire cast is brilliant with standouts being Colman Domingo who brings a lovely, warm rendition of the black father seldom seen in cinema, Teyonah Parris who was my personal favourite and who I hope to see more of in the future, Aunjanue Ellis in a brief but perhaps the most memorable scene in the film along with Diego Luna, Finn Wittrock, Michael Beach, Ed Skrein and Pedro Pascal who provide honest work however brief.Brian Tyree Henry lends a memorable hand as Daniel further proving Henry as one of the best actors currently working.Somewhat disappointed with Regina King, the amount of nominations and hype surrounding her performance (which make no mistake is commendable) I just wish there was a little bit more to her.The music is absolutely gorgeous as is the cinematography, Britell and Laxton providing awards worthy work once again.The structure of the film was really well done as was some surprising editing choices such as the decision to pause on Fonny and Tish's faces at one point for further narration which was somewhat jarring but nonetheless different.Jenkins' direction is relaxed, assured and confidence as if he were a veteran, the way he places you within the setting and allows the film to breathe in moments is truly inspiring although one can't help thinking Jenkins carried over the Moonlight technique of actors staring down the lens of the camera just for show as in my opinion unlike his previous film it rarely had an effect in this movie.The ending didn't feel as satisfying as I would've liked but I also felt the same way with Moonlight and needed a second watch to really appreciate the nuances of Jenkins' storytelling.Overall this is a solid and emotional piece of cinema if not a little less memorable then some of the other 2018 films. Jenkins, the cast and crew should be commended for detailing a heartwarming and poignant love story in a dark time for people of colour.

It's a good film about a relationship that faces a very difficult situation. Like many true life stories of this type there is no real happy ending, just people moving forward however they can without any real choices they can take to make things better. Too many of their choices are being controlled by others. The police, the accuser, the lawyers.The performances are excellent and it's well worth seeing for those, but many of the characters are underdeveloped. The film's biggest weak point is in the editing. There are long drawn out love scenes and scenes that show a minor detail, like Tish's mother deciding whether to wear a wig or not. While they may tell a little about the character and the black experience in America, too much time is spent on these small details and we never get a real impression of their overall character and motivations.The dragged out moments will probably make this a film that will only appeal to a smaller audience so I think a shorter film may have made it easier to get the message across to more people. The message here is important and deserves to be heard by as many people as possible.

Really wanted to love this move, but it's distractingly slow. You pretty much know how each scene is going to play out long before it does and even though the acting is great, it struggles to hold your suspended disbelief as long as it needs to. The characters aren't developed enough to make you love them so I was left trying to make something of the underlying messages - which are confusing at best. You get a window into troubled times and troubled people- racism and a just a spark of hope with a few redeeming characters, but it's all been done and said before. The fantastic actors carry the movie in a few scenes but the pacing just works against the film. There are no surprises, no real lessons, no closure.

I wanted to see "If Beale Street Could Talk" since it was released because it is an adaptation of a book by James Baldwin, a writer I deeply admire and am always moved by, about multiple issues I care about. I finally had the chance to see this fine, beautifully shot film and am touched beyond words. I am left with lingering impressions of love, loss, and lament. Fonny was arrested for a crime he did not commit. This injustice reverberated outward to his friends and family. This is a story about rascism, injustice, loyalty, love, hope, tenderness, desperation, and a vile system that totally sucks. To say that the soundtrack was impeccable sounds trite in consideration of the topics, but it is, and that contributed to the affect the film had on me. Every character was real and believable to me as was each relationship. It's a strange world we live in; so unjust and painful, and yet the kindness, strength, and integrity of some people lifts us from the muck and mire of human cruelty. I thought this film was masterfully done .

Barry Jenkins's adaptation of James Baldwin's novel of same name is a poetically made romantic drama. The movie moves slow and captures the romantic moments beautifully. Regina King did a fantastic job and her Academy Award is well deserved. Nicholas Brittel's music scores are outstanding and the main factor in moving the movie beautifully. The cinematography is very good and captures all moments beautifully according to the mood of the movie. I think this was better than Moonlight. People who enjoy well made movies should definitely watch this. This around 120 minute long 'poem' will not disappoint you.

It is a beautiful movie through and through! Amazing music scores, placed amazingly well for every scene and situation. Acting is gentle and natural, message is strong. It's a must watch.

James Baldwin was one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. He was an African-American and he was gay and he allowed both these intrinsic elements to elucidate his writing and to get inside the mind and under the skin of his characters. If you read Baldwin you knew exactly where he was coming from; he put you on the page the way great writers should. Amazingly, he has always been ignored by the cinema perhaps because until now few film-makers felt they were up to the task of conveying on screen what Baldwin conveyed in print. Until now; now we have the remarkably gifted Barry Jenkins, a film-maker with many of the gifts of Baldwin. His first film, "Moonlight", though not adapted from Baldwin, dealt with both the African-American and the homosexual experience as it traced the story of a young African-American through three stages of his life. It was a deserving, if surprising, winner of the Oscar for Best Picture.Now Jenkins has turned directly to Baldwin and applied his poetry to Baldwin's love story "If Beale Street Could Talk" in which a young girl struggles to prove the innocence of her boyfriend on a trumped-up rape charge. It could have been an angry film and Baldwin knew what it was like to be angry but in place of anger Jenkins fills his film with love and honesty in place of sentimentality. The affection Jenkins feels for these characters is conveyed in images of real beauty and in performances of extraordinary clarity.As the young lovers, KiKi Layne and Stephan James are superb but then every performance is perfectly balanced with Regina King perhaps the stand-out as the girl's mother. This is a great film and it should finally establish Jenkins as one of the finest film-makers working anywhere in the world today. That it failed to pick up a nomination for the Best Picture Oscar is shameful, particularly when you look at some of the films that did make the list. Essential viewing.

This movie is heart-warming, heart-breaking and intense but it is not the writing that captured me but it was the fantastic cast giving splendid performances. Actually, I found the pace of storytelling to be very slow which made it feel really long and after spending all that time to build the story, the resolution was truncated, anticlimactic and confusing (I asked another theatre goer, as we were walking out, how he felt it ended and he had a whole different take than I did). Besides the acting, this is a very measured critique of the African American experience and it does not pull any punches which, in concert with the acting, is probably why it is earning widespread attention. Even though my rating is a full mark lower than the average, the pace of storytelling and the unsatisfactory conclusion pulls my rating back to a 7 (good, but not see-again great) out of 10. {A great love story}

"If Beale Street Could Talk" brings the story of Tish, a 19 yr. old woman, and Fonny, her 22 yr. old boyfriend. As the movie (set in New York in the 70s) opens, Tish visits Fonny in jail (we don't know at that point why), and breaks the news: she is pregnant. They are both scared and elated. Tish next tells her mom, and then her sisters and dad, who initially is concerned but give his support. They decide to invite over Fonny's parents and sisters to share the news. It is apparent that Fonny's mom does not approve of Tish, and things get tense very quickly... At this point we are 10 min. into the movie but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for uourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the new movie from Oscar-winning director Berry Jenkins ("Moonlight"). Here he brings James Baldwin's 1974 novel of the same name to the big screen. I haven't read the novel so I can't comment how close the film remains to the book. If you have seen "Moonlight", you will easily find the similarities: slowly-developing scenes (and I mean that as a compliment), long shots, lots of color. Jenkins' direction is tops as well, bringing out the best of his cast. Check out the breakout role of KiKi Layne as Tish, and Stephan James is equally great as Fonny. But special mention goes to Regina King as Tish's mom, simply outstanding. "If Beale Street Could Talk" contains many great moments, and hence it pains me to also report that, as a movie dealing in part about race relations, it falls victim to an over-generalization: there is literally not a single decent white person in the movie, and in fact "they haven't met anyone they won't lie to or steal from" (Tish's dad talking about white people). White people are racist, every single one of them. Right. Putting that aside, I also want to make special mention of the film's outstanding original score, composed by Nicholas Britell, who also scored "Moonlight". On more than one occasion, the score for "If Beale Street Could Talk" reminded me of Bernard Hermann's score for "Taxi Driver", of all things!"If Beale Street Could Talk" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival last Fall to immediate acclaim. After a limited release in December, the movie has been gradually expanding. and the movie went wide this weekend. The Friday early evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was attended meagerly (about 10 people), which really surprised me, given the buzz this movie has been gathering. As mentioned, while there are many great aspects to this film, I am troubled by the over-generalization (same as in "The Hate U Give" of a few months ago). Of course I encourage you to check it out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.

This film, director Barry Jenkins' first film since "Moonlight", is very characteristic of a follow-up to a breakthrough film by a major new talent. It's overly ambitious and uneven, but there are moments that demonstrate the raw talent of the filmmakers.Adapting James Baldwin's novel into a sprawling, epic portrait of a Black family in 1970s Harlem, it sets out to be at once an allegory of African-American experience in the late twentieth (and early twenty-first) century as well as a hypnotically aesthetic depiction of the experience of romantic love in the vein of Wong Kar Wai's "In the Mood for Love". That's a lot to ask of one movie, too much in fact.That isn't to say that "Beale Street" doesn't come impressively close to succeeding on both fronts, but in trying to do too much it perhaps just barely fails at being either one. Certainly, it looks great. Jenkins, together with his art and set design team and cinematographer James Laxton, make trash-strewn '70s New York seem like a hauntingly magical place where transcendence and disappointment seem to lurk around every corner. And Nicholas Britell's score is a worthy ode to the unforgettable music of "In the Mood for Love", by Michael Galasso and Shigeru Umebayashi. The acting by leads Kiki Layne and Stephan James is good. However, the two actors are so impossibly beautiful, even by Hollywood standards, that it makes it difficult for the film to seem like a universal story.The narrative/ allegorical aspect is more uneven, and made more so by being frequently interrupted by long scenes of the two leads staring love/lustfully at each other. Nonetheless, there are individual scenes that verge on truly great, if they mingle with those that fall flat. At its best, the film instills in viewers of any race how stressful and frightening must be the experience of being Black in America, a society that will criminalize even the most law abiding person of color to sustain white supremacy.

Superb acting, excellent script, beautiful cinematography, great cast, and all of it in this lackluster film. Something got lost in the math.

The intensity of the acting and the beauty of the cinemaphography give this film a special magic. It incompletely captivated me from the beginning. It is understandable some people find it long and boring but if you allow yourself to journey deep into into the lives and motivations of the characters you cannot help but to be moved.

I've never read any of James Baldwin's works, but Barry Jenkins's adaptation of "If Beale Street Could Talk" is a masterpiece. It's basically a look at what it's like to be black in the United States (as a white man, I will never be able to truly know what it's like). This story of the challenges faced by a young pregnant black woman after her lover gets arrested looks at all aspects of racism and class, much like how Jenkins's "Moonlight" did. KiKi Layne puts on an outstanding breakthrough performance, with fine support from Stephan James, Colman Domingo, and Regina King (in an Oscar-winning performance). Definitely see it.

The main purpose of this movie seems to be to show how crazy the American criminal legal system is, it is shown from the perspective of a normal African American family, however I feel like it doesn't do that great a job and feels abit of a drag in the end. That's not to say it's bad. What I would do is recommend you watch the documentary 13th if you haven't, now that is a real eye opener.

While I understand that this movie was based on the book by James Baldwin's novel of the same name and that sometimes adapting a book to a movie may sometimes be elongated due to not wanting to leave out certain parts of the book, but the book is only about 200 pages.It's a really good adaptation, although I wish that the movie could have moved along a little quicker. It just seemed to stay on certain topics/scenes a little too long, even though I'm sure viewers got the intent of "said" scene.

I watched this at home on BluRay from my public library. The movie is adapted from a James Bladwin novel, centering on the wrongful incarceration of a young black man while his girlfriend is pregnant with their child. The writer/director wanted to do justice to the novel and the story here unfolds deliberately, watching the movie is almost like reading a novel, you have to be patient.It isn't clear when it was set but Muhammad Ali was mentioned, his active career was in the 1960s and 1970s, plus the cars on the street look about that vintage. The whole mood of the movie is the difficulty black people have growing up and thriving because the system run by whites is stacked against them. And that system was to blame for the young man's wrongful incarceration.Ultimately a very good movie of a difficult subject and one mostly foreign to those of us not black Americans.

What am I talking about something very depressing you should see if Beale Street could talk it's very much depressing we don't love it very much but we love the way it is being put in to fill the cannot work is perfect the black people speak like black people witches and beautiful but it's the way they are swing this it's a good representation and it's in total just such a boring piece of crap that you don't know if you like it very much the thing is just it is beautiful to look at some color is especially the inside colors are beautiful not in the shade but when the color red appears is beautiful it's a good color it's a hopeful color evening bad moments but yeah I know is always a panic color yellow sometimes it's combined yellow with red and then you know something special is going to happen yet you just feel this and you don't know even in the ending and all these things you know it's just perfectly beautiful but it's such a terrible waste of time because it's so incredibly boring that you wander oh my God what am I doing watching here in front of the television watching this yes you are trying to sleep

I can't really say the movie was terrible and boring like a number of reviewers do, for me it was more like what was the point. In that regard, I'd have to draw a comparison to "Roma", another 2018 movie which was put up for Best Picture. That was a slice of life movie that didn't reach any conclusions about anything, and didn't really move any sort of narrative forward about the characters or what they were going through. The best thing I can say about 'Beale Street' is that the two principal characters, Tish Rivers (KiKi Layne) and Alonzo 'Fonny' Hunt (Stephan James) had a beautiful, loving relationship, but aside from that, the dysfunctional outburst by Fonny's parents at the home of Tish's parents brought the tone of the picture way down for me. It did seem terribly unfair for Fonny to have to go through his false arrest and incarceration, but without knowing how the story was going to turn out, how do you leave the film with any sense of closure? In this case, if Beale Street could talk, who is there to listen?

Based on the novel by James Baldwin: In the early 1970s in New York City, Tish and Fonny (KiKi Layne and Stephan James) are a young African-American couple in love whose lives take a difficult turn. After Fonny has been wrongly framed and imprisoned for a crime he did not commit, Tish announces that she is pregnant with his child.Director/writer Barry Jenkins shows immense talent in taking a moving story and making it even more poetic and lyrical. The lighting by cinematographer James Laxton and the melodic score by Nicholas Britell are well used by Jenkins to create a mood that is transcendent - the effects don't stray from the story; rather they enhance it and they do so beautifully. - dbamateurcriticJenkins is also blessed with a fine cast particularly the leading players despite James' occasional mumbling. The most memorable acting scene is one in which the women in two families (a mother and two adult daughters vs. a similar trio) have it out in a verbal sparring match whose intensity is charged with a lot of salty language. This scene passes the Bechdel Test with flying colours and is possibly the best scene in this great film. It includes Regina King - as Tish's mother, Sharon - who has won many awards for this role. But like the multi-award-winning role of Maharshala Ali in Jenkins' "Moonlight" a few years back, King is powerful when on screen but the scenes are too few.The last quarter of the film is a bit too sentimental but this is forgivable for a great work that has so much going for it including its focus on institutionalized racism. It clearly excels in mood and atmosphere.

You will love this film if you love jazz, the original score and background music is nostalgic and perfect for the editing and atmosphere, also one of the strongest elements in Barry Jenkins' latter movie.A grabbing love story brought to the screen in a solid script based on James Baldwin novel from the same name.Despite the bad reviews I've read here, I happened to found the narrative and dialogues mesmerazing, as read in my review's headline, the perfect example of what an adapted script should be.Personally, I didn't loved Moonlight (Jenkins' Academy Award winner for best motion picture in 2016), but with If Beale Street Could Talk, I felt more maturity in the filmmaking, the direction is one of the greatest in 2018, he has so much potential that I can't wait to watch his upcoming works.All the performances are stunning. Now I know why Regina King won that Oscar for best supporting actress.Though I can't say this is a perfect movie, I can say is truly a beautiful and rich piece of mind of a race that suffered the worst conditions just because the color of their skin, and yet, this movie won't try to ask for your pity or sympathy, no, that's not the heart of this movie, at least I didn't felt it that way, but it's the power of love the awesomeness that will make you cherish it.

Such a sublime screenplay. Measured, moving, and deeply profound. Tackles its themes so masterfully. If you're looking for a little bit of soul searching, I bet this is for you.

My Review - If Beale Street Could Talk. My rating 7.5 /10I've been waiting to see this film because Regina King who plays Sharon Rivers in the movie won this year's Best Supporting Actress Academy Award and I wasn't disappointed, even though I would have chosen Rachel Weiss for her performances in The Favourite ,
there's no denying it's a tremendous performance.Beale Street is a very good movie ,directed by Barry Jenkins ,who also wrote the screenplay . Barry Jenkins film Moonlight ,won the Best Picture Academy Award in 2017 and he also won the Oscar that year for best Adapted Screenplay.In my opinion Moonlight is a better script and flows better than Beale Street, which is also a contemporary story of the plight and contrast of Black America trying to survive White American justice and moral judgment.It's a love story and the 2 young stars Kiki Layne as Tish Rivers and Stephen James as Fonny her wrongly convicted and imprisoned partner and father of her child are both fantastic in their roles. I predict or hope we'll see these two newish stars in many more movies.
Kiki Layne has great Screen beauty and presence that reminded me a little of Halle Berry in Monster Ball. Stephen James reminded me of a very young Sidney Poitier,not looks so much but he seems to project that same quite brooding Screen personality that melts any heart with his smile.
As the story unfolds I kept wondering how it's going to end?I wanted a happy ending but life isn't fair and doesn't always work out for people the way we would want, my only criticism is the flash back editing that confused me a little and the dialogue at times was hard to hear but I want to see If Beale Street Could Talk again I liked and cared about all the characters and to me that's worth seeing any movie.

This is the movie that talks about real racism. For me this is better film than Moonlight and it really speaks up about real problems in America. Regina King played very well that role but Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz were way better in Favourite and deserved Oscar.

This is a good movie. It could also have been better.
This is a love story. It is also a story told largely through rose colored glasses until the very end.
I enjoyed it. The characters are well developed for the most part and excellent performances are given by all the actors. Has Regina King ever given a bad performance?
It moves a little slow in places at times but not as slow as some have been saying.
I thought the main characters earned a reprieve and would have given this a 8 if it had a Hollywood ending.

This is beautiful film and much anticipated follow to Moonlight for director Barry Jenkins. This film is based on a novel by James Baldwin about two young black people falling in love Tish and Alfonso. It is told is flashback and forward like a novel does. You find out Alfonso has been accused of rape of Latina women who has fled the country. You then find out that Tish is pregnant with Alfonso baby. This is really a film about young love and whatever huge obstacles you have to overcome. The music is fantastic. The direction by Jenkins is done is such a way you really care for this couple. Regina King is amazing as the mother of Tish she is fiercely protective of her daughter and has deep love for her future grandchild. The style Barry uses is similar to Moonlight with great close ups and a beautiful score. I think this film is more hopeful than moonlight. I hope many people get to see this film. I cant wait to see more films Jenkins does in the future.

If Beale Street Could Talk is a film which deals with the notions of love, family, race, morality and faith.
The premise is bold: A story about two lovers who conceive a child out of wedlock before one of them is accused of rape, potentially as a result of police discrimination. Yet this film doesn't rely on raw emotion, hatred and shock to hold the viewer, it deals with these controversial topics in a tasteful and stylistic manor. The score throughout the film is beautiful (perhaps excusing one particularly eccentric violinist) and carry's the viewer through many mundane scenes.
However, these scenes are numerous, meaning the film is slow to take off. Many of the opening scenes attempt to make the viewer feel personally involved with close shot cameras in intimate domestic settings, however Barry Jenkins fails to make this work on the big scene, with many family moments feeling more suited to a stage production than a cinema.
The performance of Regina King is powerful and merits her Oscar success, yet whilst the awards' spotlights have shone on her, the cast boasts a number of successful acting merits. With Kiki Layne, Stephan James, Teyonna Paris and Aunjanue Ellis putting in equally powerful performances. Having said that, Colman Domingo doesn't seem to gel with the other cast in family scenes, and Dave Franco fails again to show us that he's capable of playing anybody other than- Dave Franco- in a motion picture, despite his best efforts to fool us by this time wearing glasses and a kippah.
Overall the film is a beautiful production which is well worth a watch on a quiet evening.

Like poetry on screen, If Beale Street Could Talk (Barry Jenkins' follow up to the exceptional Moonlight) is a wonder to behold with his signature use of light, shadow, and a gorgeous colour pallet of contrasting reds, greens, yellows and blues. The score too (created by Nicolas Britell) is outstanding, seeming perfectly coupled with the visual style in a way that allows the film to flit seamlessly between moments of harsh reality and astounding warmth.At the core of the movie are Tish (Kiki Layne), and her fiance Fonny (Stephan James) who is falsely accused of rape. The narrative is non-linear, with flashbacks taking in significant moments from the couples relationship. Between these flashbacks we see the lead up to Fonny's trial and the struggle of both his and Tish's families to gain justice against mounting odds. Whilst some of the minor character feel like brief sketches, the central relationships and characters are written and performed with outstanding depth, most notabley Tish's mother, Sharon (Regina King).The temptation is to compare Beale Street too much to Moonlight, and whilst it does not quite reach those heights, this is still an outstanding piece of film making.

Barry Jenkins is one of the best visual directors working today. Moonlight was an exceptional example of how to use color and lighting and the camera to provoke emotion and it is such an important and personal piece of art.
And now... If Beale Street could talk. Although it's not as powerful as Moonlight, it's still really good as a film and has a great atmosphere.
It looks beautiful. All the greens, the reds, the yellows blending in the frame create a romantic and meanwhile kind of realistic feel and it is obvious that he is trying new things. The camera work is solid.I love the fact that he zooms on the faces and gives a personal tone. The fade-outs are great and overall the technical aspects of the film demand some praise.The soundtrack by Nicolas Britell is complex and unique. It has a lot of layers and one melody comes over the other and the result is a beauty to hear at.
Great performances overall.It's just... the first act of the film feels cheesy and kind of out of place and I am talking about that scene where the two families are talking. The acting of the parents ( except of Regina's character) and the dialogues at that scene feel fake and forced. Some scenes also feel kind of weird and there are parts where the film feels really repetitive.
Its themes are quite compelling. I feel that the point of the film is that love can be a solution to every problem and that its absence creates hate and discriminations and racism. There is a one-shot scene in the film where the actors are imagining that their house is full of great furniture, while it's empty and dusty and in it feels so lovely and makes a great point. If we treat everything with love and positiveness, then there is no room for hate.Trust love all the way.7.8/10 Lovely

Solid follow up to moonlight. Beautiful composition in cinematography and a score that takes the film to a new level. Another masterpiece in filmmaking by Barry Jenkins. Slightly slow moving at times but a unique picture worth watching!

Cinema has always tried to follow the transformations of society. Most of the time, extremely slow and late. In others, giving a good picture of a very current moment. Another way of seeing, a little more cynical, is true, is that cinema always takes advantage of waves to profit. After all, this is still an industry. And industry needs to make a profit. But I like to think that the thirst for billing may well go hand in hand with the need for a sociological, political and cultural commitment. And what actions and reactions arise from there in peristaltic movements that generate good works and others not so much.Two moves, in a way, helped catapult to a prominent place, and very near the top in some cases, and give visibility to some black directors who are being responsible for making a range of good films in this decade. One of them is the Black Lives Matter, started from protests surrounding the death of black people by police officers in the United States. Two peak moments came in 2013 and 2014. In 2013, George Zimmerman was acquitted of the death of black teenager Trayvon Martin, which sparked many protests. The following year, street protests intensified after the death of two men in the United States: Michael Brown and Eric Garner. The other was #Oscarsowhite, protesting the 2016 Oscar edition, when there were no black people competing in the major categories.In the wake, especially from the first movement, Hollywood may have begun to realize that black stories also matter. It was when names like Ryan Coogler, Jordan Peele, Ava DuVerney, Dee Rees and Barry Jenkins began to gain prominence. In addition to Steve McQueen, who is not so contemporary of this quartet.It was only in 2013 that Coogler reinvigorated the Rocky Balboa franchise with "Creed" (2015) and for making one of the best superhero movies ever, the "Black Panther" (2018). He is still involved in the sequel to the Marvel hero movie. DuVernay made "Selma" on the march of the American city to Montgomery, Alabama, in a campaign devised by Martin Luther King for the struggle of black voting rights. Dee Rees performed "Mudbound," a story of a black man who was a hero of World War II and returns to Mississippi to deal with the terrible racism in the region. For the film, she received an Oscar nomination for screenplay. Jordan Peele performed "Get out!", one of the best recent horror films, which tackles the issue of racism very strongly. And this year will release "Us", another film of the genre and also with a series of black actors. McQueen performed "12 years a slave" (2013), the film for which he won the Oscar, and recently "Widows" (2018), whose protagonist is Viola Davis. And he deserved an Oscar nomination.Barry Jenkins has made "Moonlight" (2016), a beautiful story about a gay black man whose mother had a drug problem and won the Academy Award, and now returns to three Academy Awards with "If Beale Street Could Talk".His new film is a narrative about resistance. He has the strength of one who fills his lungs to shout that black lives must matter. At the same time, it is a love story so romantic and traditional, to tell the story of two young people who grew up together, fell in love and planned to build their lives together until a false sentence and unjust imprisonment changed their lives forever. Interrupt dreams that were already so difficult to realize by the stupidity that is racism and judgment by the color of people's skin.While telling us about this beautiful love story between Tish (Kiki Layne) and Fonny (Stephan James), Jenkins exposes the hardships they suffer from being black, even though they have nothing to disgrace about them. The lack of a good job, the difficulty to rent a house, the skewed look of the police. Each day is a battle won, every new day is a start again stepping on eggs, but without giving up in the pursuit of the dream of a better life to every generation. And the director shows that only the strength of the love of that couple and the family in the surroundings hold this great battle that is to live.On the one hand, Jenkins tells the present, life passing while Fonny mocks in jail after being accused of rape in a vicious process, full of holes in the narrative, but with little hope of reversal, for where racism still reigns so strongly, its chances are small.On the other, there is this construction of the novel from the past, before the arrest. The looks of the young, the first night in a touching sex scene. As beautiful as the subway scene, when they admire themselves in such a banal place. All this with a soundtrack to fill your eyes. This is another of the strengths of the film.Jenkins compiles his story from a mosaic. There is no linearity in actions. It is up to the viewer to compose and comprehend the whole of history from the fragments he puts on the screen. But at the same time, everything has a cohesion that makes understanding relatively easy."If Beale Street Could Talk" may not be as bright as "Moonlight," but how beautiful the movie is. How beautiful is the way Jenkins tells his stories. And its outcome shows that racism continues to win and we remain far from equal. Until when?

Both a tragedy and a salvation through the power of love.
Slipping easily and seamlessly through time, with a sublime soundtrack.

If love brought us this far, it will help us from here as well.

A few too many long scenes, it the film is beautiful and the performances are fantastic.

Good film. Excellent. Thank God Black people are treated a little better. The officer had it in for him. He took his freedom but you can't take LOVE.

The most important thing to note about If Beale Street Could Talk, director Barry Jenkins eagerly awaited follow-up to his Oscar winning Moonlight, is that it's a very fine film but there's also a certain something (although hard to pin down) that is missing that would've made it a genuine classic, and arguably the film some had unfairly expected it to be before even seeing the final product.Beautifully filmed by Jenkins and his DOP James Laxton, majestically scored by Nicholas Britell, thoughtfully adapted from James Baldwin's revered novel of the same name by Jenkins and well-played by its principal cast, Beale Street is a very polished product but it lacks the magic that makes these type of drama's transcend into something genuinely unforgettable.Largely ignored during this year's awards run, which is surprising considering the subject matter and Jenkin's ever growing reputation, Beale Street's tale of KiKi Layne's Tish Rivers and Stephen James's Alonzo Hunt, who from a young age have been destined to be together only to find themselves separated before the birth of their first child due to the fact Alonzo has been unfairly incarcerated over a violent home invasion, is a quietly moving tale that has a somber and humanly realistic touch.As with Moonlight, Beale Street is like a picture come to life with Jenkins bringing 1970's Harlem to life in a non-showy but engaging way, while the relationship between Tish and Alonzo is thoughtfully examined, including a number of hauntingly raw close ups and day to day occurrences that transcend to a higher level thanks to Jenkin's sensibilities.The problem with Beale Street, whilst small, is that for all its good intentions and moments of power, there's a sense that by the time the credits begin to roll there was something more that could've been mined from Baldwin's original text. Whether this is more time building the relationship between Tish and Alonzo before their problems arise or more "big" story moments is up for debate but there's unquestionably something missing from an otherwise wonderful cinematic package.There will likely be many that are somewhat disappointed by proceedings come the final scene, some may even feel that Beale Street's two hour run-time is dedicated to a lot of nothing in particular and while that's not the case, the film wouldn't of suffered from more big moments that could've simple meant more showpiece moments for its able and talented cast.Final Say -Just as well-made as Jenkin's much-loved Moonlight, If Beale Street Could Talk is another fine entry into Jenkins still young filmography but there is a certain something missing here that would've made this tale of unfortunate lovers one of 2018's very best and the film to beat at this years Oscars.4 invisible fridges out of 5

With a beginning that show us that the injustice are present, the movie moves on with a great flashbacks, and some pictures that I loved how they are show, turn everything more dramatic, it's amazing see the differences off two families, one of, giving support and getting happy and the other just esnobing and doesn't approve, the protagonists deliver a performance really sweet, and you believe in love of them, Regina King is amazing, play the role of a mom, that would support your children on any case, and lastly, the soundtrack is wonderful.

Barry Jenkins' Oscar-winning coming-of-age film, Moonlight has been heralded by critics and audiences alike as a masterpiece in arthouse filmmaking. Here, he follows up with If Beale Street Could Talk, an adaptation of James Baldwin's novel that tells the story of young, African-American lovers, Tish (Kiki Layne) and Fonny (Stephan James) against the backdrop of institutional racism. To meet a bar set as high as by Moonlight is quite a feat, but Jenkins is not one to disappoint; If Beale Street Could Talk is a gorgeous film, poetic, visceral and oozing with sensuality.
The story flits effortlessly back and forth through time, from graceful interludes of Tish and Fonny's early relationship to the understatedly gritty present, as a pregnant Tish fights for the release of Fonny, who has been imprisoned on a trumped-up rape charge. Wherever the film is in time, it is decidedly timeless, a love story told with tenderness and a dignity and respect for its characters. The perfectly matched combination of Jenkins' script and attentive direction immerse us within the film with a totality one rarely feels. There's a dazed slowness to the narrative, as it lilts from moments of humour to those of beauty and gritty realism with ease.
The performances are equally fantastic, underplayed yet unfailingly believable and effective. Kiki Layne and Stephan James' leads are terrific, their scenes glowing with intimacy. The film's real stand out performer, however, is Regina King, playing Kiki's protective mother with a poised brilliance. What is so rewarding about If Beale Street Could Talk is the myriad of relationships that we see play out on screen, not only between the central lovers, but between sisters, friends, mothers and daughters, husbands and wives. "Love is what brought you here", says King's Sharon most wisely; truly, this film can only be described as an evocation of love in all forms, sensuous and naked, yet wonderfully heartfelt.
If Beale Street Could Talk is only made all the more impressive by its design elements, all cleverly judged and executed with a gentle brilliance. James Laxton's camera swoops woozily between characters, settling slowly on moments of profundity in the acting before sweeping overhead to give us a greater look at Jenkins' world, painstaking in period detail. What accentuates the film the most, however, is Nicholas Britell's score, so expressive and moving it seems to become a whole other character in itself. The score sings of the characters so perfectly it is bound to bring one to tears.
Moonlight is a spectacular film (a favourite of mine), and If Beale Street Could Talk echoes of its elegance and immersion, yet with a slower and gentler touch that blooms with true compassion for its characters and story. An important story it is too, trenchant and topical; Jenkins is a marvellous filmmaker whose love for his craft lies evident in his work.

..and it is a painful reminder that to make such a beautiful movie means that, even in 2019, you will alienate a good portion of the movie going public. To see such stupidity on grand display here in the negative reviews makes me despair for humanity.
A beautiful love story, it was a flawless, richly textured film, and i was moved by the score.

Although set in the 1970s this film has more of a 1950s feel to it at times. The uniforms worn by the police and indeed some of the characters seem anachronistic; the stained glass camera filters add to a feeling of an earlier time . Perhaps these are devices to show that there is nothing new about the injustices, oppression and racism suffered by the main characters in the film. This is also illustrated by still photographs taken during the Civil Rights era.Fonny (Stephen James) has been wrongly accused of rape and is being framed by a racist cop, his girlfriend Tishie (Kiki Layne) is doing everything she can to help him. As are their respective families apart from Fonny's mother (Aunjanue Ellis) who comes across as a Cynthia Bucket/Christian Fundamentalist hybrid. Her outbursts cause an intra and inter family fight of Eastenders proportions with threats, insults and even punches thrown.This film is about institutional racism but also about how the establishment will close ranks even when it is obvious the accused could not have committed the crime. It comes as a shock to Fonny's young white lawyer (Finn Wittrock) when he is pressed to drop the case or to get Fonny to accept a plea deal. A touching story, brilliantly brought to life by director Barry Jenkins who also wrote the screenplay based on the novel by James Baldwin. 9/10.

If Beale Street Could Talk Review:Adapted by the novel of the same name, If Beale Street Could Talk, follows Tish (Kiki Layne), a pregnant woman in Harlem, trying to prove her fiancé is innocent of a crime he's been put in jail for. I was very excited to see this ever since the trailer. Plus it's Barry Jenkins and after Moonlight he proved he's an amazing director. I loved this movie. It was such a great story for him to adapt into a movie. Before the movie he even put a quote from the writer which was really cool I thought. It had a great mix of drama and romance to keep the story going. I could really feel for the characters. Everyone was amazing with their roles. The two standouts were Kiki Layne as Tish Rivers and obviously Regina King as Sharon Rivers. I'm surprised Kiki wasn't talked about much in the Oscar race. I thought she was amazing and could've been nominated for at least the Globes. This was also her first big role in a film which is amazing. Regina King has been talked about in the Oscar race for a long time. She won the Golden Globe for Supporting Actress and I believe she will for the Oscars. This was her best role ever and she was one of the best parts. She put so much emotion into the role and brought tears to my eyes. Both of them did. We know this movie will most likely win two Oscars: Best Supporting Actress and Best Original Score. The score is absolutely beautiful. From the moment I finally listened to it in December I fell in love with it. Nicholas Britell was snubbed from the Golden Globe nomination. Justin Hurwitz was snubbed for the Oscar nominations but it whatever. I'm not mad (that was sarcasm if you couldn't tell). The cinematography was beautiful. I thought it would get the nomination but I'm not really mad about that. The editing was good going back and forth between present early 70s and flashbacks. With those flashbacks the sound in the background, for example rain, would continue when it would switch to present time and slowly fade out. I thought it was very effecting and a nice touch of past thoughts subsiding. I think the only problem I had was there was a part that lasted for 10 minutes with two characters talking and it was kind of boring. Overall Barry Jenkins did it again and made another beautiful film. It probably won't win Best Adapted Screenplay but most likely the other two. It really should be nominated for Best Picture over Bohemian Rhapsody but I can't help that. I would recommend seeing If Beale Street Could Talk. It's a dramatic love story that conveys so much emotion.My Grade: A

A love story set in 1970s Harlem in the background of hardships faced by African American males by the justice system. In the time when 2 million people are locked up in prisons and exploited by the private prison industry this film is like a time-bomb. A 19 year old pregnant black woman fights for her husband who is in jail for a crime he didn't commit. Barry Jenkins in this film unlike Moonlight shows how racism affects African Americans in every part of their life, whether its renting a house or getting a job. He also shows the impact of having a child at teenage years in a staunch religious family and how people go to the extent of cursing their unborn grandchildren!
Strong lead performances, a well adapted story and a beautiful score should have made this movie a multiple award contender like Moonlight but sadly that's not the case this time.

This movie touched a very sensible chord for me in that it depicts a relationship in the way I think it should always be depicted. It feels and sounds real. There's no phony "love at first sight" silliness behind it. Its characters are real, flesh and blood people, who realise, after having known each other their whole lives, that they're made for each other. It's a slow brewing process that makes their final realisation all the more real and their catastrophic separation, due to a bogus rape charge, all the more heartbreaking. It never goes down the "Rome and Juliet" route, even though it has all the makings of it ( family of the broom not being very keen on the idea of the two of them being together) and an extremely racist society, hell bent on pulling them apart. It does draw occasionally from those elements, but never abuses them and their respective families ultimately come together in an effort to put to rights what's been wronged.
The character of the mother of the bride is paramount on helping to do this and her frustration at not succeeding is made transparent in an astounding performance by Regina King, among an amazing cast assemble that do their best to bring this story to life. Love ultimately triumphs, as always, but at a very hard price. As the female protagonist says at the very beginning of the movie; "I hope no one ever has to talk to someone they love through a glass". Go, see it.

Barry Jenkins' follow-up to MOONLIGHT is another passionate take on the black experience told through flowing images. Based on a James Baldwin novel, BEALE STREET is set in 70s Harlem and follows a young couple, Tish (Kiki Layne) and Fonny (Stephan James), whose lives are shattered by the man's confrontation with the legal system.
Jenkin's screenplay follows a flashback structure which cuts back and forth from Fonny's imprisonment awaiting trial, to the couple's relationship which stretches all the back to early childhood. The courting scenes are done in a similar lyrical manner that infused much of MOONLIGHT as well. The present day sequences are more sparsely told. Weaving the sections together is Tish's narration (often taken verbatim from Baldwin's book).
Whereas MOONLIGHT felt more of a whole (despite the three part structure), BEALE STREET feels more disjointed. The montage heavy flashbacks never feel of a piece with the more desultory current day ones. The flashbacks are gracefully shot by James Laxton and eloquently scored by Nicholas Britell - but, so are the more mundane present day ones. While Baldwin's righteous anger comes through loud and clear in Tish's narration, they never seem quite believable for them to be coming out of her character's mouth.
The acting here is quite strong, not just with the attractive leads, but, also in the supporting cast including Regina Hall as Tish's mom and Michael Beach as Fonny's dad. As noted, the score and photography are superb and Jenkins has an eye for composition. Jenkins never finds and editing rhythm, nor a consistent tone. Baldwin's themes remain potent and the movie is certainly successful enough to warrant ones attention despite its blemishes.
