
This movie is a must see for any music and movie lover
Queen fan or no Queen fan,anyone who sees this movie will be going through a rollercoaster of Emotions
Beeing it Queens music or the story behind the music
Rami Malek puts down an excellent version of Freddie Mercury, but all the actors play great in this movie
In my opinion best thing to do is ignore the criticism and go see it for yourself.

I'm a 75 yr old Gramma that saw this movie with her son and grandson. We all Loved it!
I "heard" Queen music as I worked and raised my 4 children, but never really knew the band it came from.
My children Lived with Queen music, and totally identified with them, especially in their band performances.
My grandson heard Queen because his father played it all the time.
We saw this movie as a family and the movie was about family, friends, and loyalty. The typical band movie is about rising-to-fame, falling-from-fame. This movie is about hanging together as family, as loyal friends ..something we Really need more of today!! The 2 :15 time frame flies by and you're left wanting more...more... more...
Rami Malek is awesome as Freddie! He, his 3 co-stars, last director, music director, and entire crew deserve nominations! See this in a theatre that has great sound where you can appreciate the depth of the music!
One of my most favorite movies in 75 years!

Wow! I feel mind-blown after watching the world premiere yesterday evening. I am whether a megahuge Queen fan (although I really like many of their songs), nor do I know how accurate the storytelling is (, but I suppose pretty accurate since both Brian May and Roger Taylor are co-producers of the film), but I found the movie both intoxicating and moving. I have read some of the professional reviews, and I cannot comprehend their search of documentary wisdom in this movie; this is not a documentary, but an entertaining story of one of the world's most iconic bands. And the film delivers on all aspects. (And the critics were so wrong about the song Bohemian Rhapsody upon its release).As Brian May pinpointed in the interview on the red carpet, he found that the casting was excellent (I don't remember the exact word he used). But he is so right. Every major role is perfectly casted, and all the band members are brilliant. But I must emphasize Rami Malek's role as Freddie. It has Oscar written all over it. What he does, is almost beyond comparison. Chapeau for even taking on this role, and then delivering what he does. Even better, although marginally, than Michael Douglas in Behind the Candelabra. And Gwilym Lee as Brian May is also a bull's eye, but Malek really carries the production on his tiny shoulders. It was like watching our beloved Freddie all over again.Many, many memorable moments, but the Live Aid performance recreated: it is one of the best scenes I have ever seen - and I have seen lots and lots of films. Chapeau for director(s) and producers and the whole team for to me delivering the best film YTD in 2018!!

I dont know how to elaborate more than this. If you are 35 and younger, you will understand after seeing this movie.

My wife and I both enjoyed this immensely. We are Queen fans and attended the tribute concert a after Freddie died.This film is extraordinary, first and foremost, for Rami Malek's performance. The physical resemblance is only a small part of that. He had Freddie's body language down to a tee.But the crowning glory is the vocals. They are absolutely mind blowing. I don't know how they did it, I'm assuming it's Freddie's voice. The lip sync is flawless. If it's Malek singing, the Oscar is in the bag.I've heard there are some negative reviews floating around. I find that astonishing. I hope Malek gets at least a few nominations for this. He should get multiple awards.

I just saw the world premiere and oh boy let me tell you about it:This movie might not be a masterpiece but my heart is filled with such happiness and joy after watching it that I think it's going to burst (sorry for the cheesiness), Freddie Mercury, Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon are so exquisitely portrayed I sometimes forgot it wasn't them, the performances were so on point and so powerful you could feel the energy burst through the screen. Â¿Have you seen the famous car scene in Wayne's world? well, now imagine a full room doing the same, people couldn't help but sing along (lets be honest, it's impossible not too).I laughed, cried, sang and wished I could have seen Queen live, this band will live forever.

This movie was a brilliant portrayal of the mixed up life, and massive talent that was Mercury ... and that is in no way meant to diminish the other fabulous musicians who made up this wonderful band. Whilst Freddie's life and death are quite well documented, his inner turmoil is not - this movie opens this up for all to see, and highlights actions and individuals who had a large influence on his fragile life, both good and horrendously bad. If only he could have been happy with the knowledge that he had one of the best singing voices, if not THE best, that ever fronted a rock band. Rami Malek does a wonderful job of portraying him, and in so many ways has captured his mannerisms to a tee. Loved it, and listening to the music in an IMAX auditorium was brilliant.

For those of us of a certain age Queen, and especially Freddie, defined us. Sitting through this movie I had goosebumps. The casting just works and watching the actors playing May and Deacon you'd be forgiven in thinking someone had access to a time machine. Even Kenny Everett was instantly recognisable.
I left this movie a strange combination of elated and terribly sad. Elated to hear the music, watch the story and yet sad that Freddie was so desperately lonely.
Ultimately, I think Freddie would have approved of the whole thing. His genius and flamboyance shone through.
Truly brilliant.

Rami Malek will be forever one of my favorite actors since the day I've watched Mr Robot, I knew he will be one of the biggest star someday. Freddie Mercury is legend, everyone loves him but not everyone knows his story. Freddy Mercury is fearless, but not everyone knows about his desperately lonely. I dont't know how accurate the storytelling is but this movie is absolutely mind blowing and brilliant, such a perfect tribute to the legend!I'm not saying this movie is perfect or masterpiece, infact this movie has some issues with the director and delayed. But after I walk out of the theater, my heart is filled with joy, tears of happiness, brought so many emotions. That's how you know the movie is fantastic, darling. The casting was brilliant, bravo! I can't get enough with Rami Malek, he obviously worked so hard, Rami Malek pulls off an amazing performance, he just brings Freddie back to life and I don't think you will see any better film about Freddie Mercury again. It's an oppurtunity of a lifetime, every aspects of this movie was executed beautifully. Also the whole cast was so close to perfection! Gwilym as Brian May, Ben as Roger, and Joseph as John are amazing as Rami. Truly magnificent. I recommend to go and see this movie, whether you are fans of Queen or not.

Wow. What a truly inspiring film.
Made me feel that being eccentric and different is ok as long as you are you!
The film brought so many emotions - laughter, sadness, joy - very heart warming.
At times I forgot I wasn't actually watching the guys from Queen - they all looked so like them - especially May and Mercury.
I thought Rami rocked the role. Massive respect to this guy!
Would happily pay to go back in and watch it again! My film of 2018!!!!

Quite simply the critics are wrong! This is a fitting tribute to the best performer and band of all time.

One of the best movies of the year! The performances are all excellent. The music surpasses what I had imagined. Brings back the eighties superbly. The last 15 to 20 brought tears to many in the showing I was at.
Don't miss it.

Biopic.Charts the rise to fame of one of the greatest rock bands ever.Touches on Freddie Mercury's (his stage name) background, then how he met the band and became their front man, the development of their unique sound, their meteoric rise to fame, and the key moments leading to Band Aid.Briefly (probably too briefly) touches on Freddie's AIDS condition.The film starts at the same moment as it ends with Freddie arriving on (Live Aid) stage, the last 15 minutes is their whole Live Aid performance.Before the film my wife said to me ...
"I'm not a fan, I didn't like their music, and I'm not looking forward to this"
After the film my wife said to me ...
"I really enjoyed that, think I'm a fan"So ... this film is good, whether you think you're a fan or not.

Forget the critics. If they want a full biography movie go to discovery channel.This is the his majesty Queen's movie. Made by and for the fans and non fansI never watched movie 2 times in cinema - this is the only one i did. I watched on CGV cinema, had my tears, and decided to try the IMAX experience, and it is worthed it.Rami Malik was excellent, all the casts were!
You always thought "We are the Champion" was a cheesy song made for the competition or olympic winners. After watching this movie, boy my view will never be the same of this song. This song deserve a country to use it as national anthemn.10/10I reiterate - Forget the critics. Go to IMAX and enjoy this movie

Just watched "BoRhap" and I'm now an emotional wreck! Utterly brilliant, the cast were fantastic! I'm so blown away by Rami Malek as Freddie, plus Brian May too! Definitely Recommend ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ

This is the best film and performance i ever seen in my life i love queen and im fan of their songs. This is incredible show and performance. The principal actor is phenomenal and i cant stop watch him again and again. Love so much this legend

I almost missed out on seeing this on the big screen and that would have been such a shame!Very few films warrant a 10 star rating, but I couldn't deny that everything about this film drew me in.Firstly performances all round were so believable. Secondly the story itself allowed itself to be told from an imperfect, yet respectful angle. Thirdly, if the music of Queen wasn't contagious enough, the process behind the lyrics and the music, bring new meaning. Fourthly, there are some great artistic camera shots throughout, fifly, the dimensions of Freddy are much more intimate from a non press perspective and with it more emotive and finally feeling part of a crowd and part of the story is a true high.I can see this being a film to revisit many times!

This film is a masterpiece and it pains me to think that people get paid obscene amounts of money to watch films for free and then slate them to appear clever. Bohemian Rhapsody will be a film that goes down in history and so it should; it is a phenomenal cinematic experience

I don't think I've ever been so excited to see a movie, EVER! As I'm sure many of you my age will say, I was brought up listening to Queen by my dad who was a huge fan. One of the only times I ever remember my dad crying was when Freddie died. That love for Queen has been passed on to my little boy, so off we went (a little disheartened, I might add, following the critic reviews) to watch the movie. Ten minutes in, my little boy turned to me and said , 'mum, I love this already' The film has you right from the get go! I honestly don't know what movie those critics saw, but it can't have been the same movie. At times I forgot I wasn't watching the real Queen. I laughed. I cried. I got goosebumps. I cried some more. I absolutely loved every minute of it. The cinema was packed out and as the credits drew, the audience clapped and cheered; something I have never experienced at a movie before. Do not be put off. Just go! If you have kids, take them too!

What a night this was! I went to the world premiere in my local theatre with the purple carpet event on the big screen and all that jazz.When I saw the first trailer I didn't think much about Rami Malek as Freddie or the whole movie at all since the majority of biopics are generic and pretty much formulaic. Back then, I even considered dropping Sacha Baron Cohen a huge mistake. But boy was I wrong. Malek shined like he's never shone before. I think Susie Figgis outdid herself as a casting director here.Ever since I joined the casting industry, I really started seeing what it means to work here, how important this part of showbiz that is, and how just a single miscast can ruin a project. Susie Figgis is a veteran casting director, known for many big and widely loved projects and she did well here. She did extremely well. Up until the moment I joined this business, I paid little to no attention to the actor ensemble, with the exception of clear miscasts that just stood out and you couldn't unsee it. But yesterday I just sat there, mesmerized. Gwilym Lee did an outstanding job portraying Brian May, in fact, I forgot he wasn't him. Lucy Boynton was one of my absolute favorites, portraying Mary Austin and her love and devotion towards Freddie. And Rami Malek. Oh, boy, Rami *was* Freddie Mercury. While I was sitting there in the theatre and staring at the screen I didn't have a feeling I was watching actors play their parts. I felt like I was watching Queen.I don't have much to say about the plot, or the costumes, the setting, the cast. Everything was close to perfection. A perfect balance of drama and comedy. Exactly how life is.I was five when my dad came to me, kneeled, put his large and on my tiny shoulder and delivered the tragic news about Freddie passing. Queen was basically the soundtrack of my upbringing, so I didn't take the news too well. I wept like I've just lost a dear friend. Dad and I spent the remainder of that afternoon blasting the tracks we oh so loved.Queen has been the soundtrack of my life, therefore it's impossible to have an unbiased opinion about 'Rhapsody', but I must admit I had my reservations at first. But in the end, I loved it. The last twenty minutes of the film I spend sobbing and wiping the tears and mascara tracks from my cheeks. I can't remember the last time I cried this much in a movie. And I don't know if it was the music, Freddie's tragic fate or the relationships he had, both with lovers and his family, or maybe it was an amalgam of everything, but from the first minutes the movie started building up, it rose block by block until the huge skyscraper that the story was, finally concluded and all the lights turned on and it shined like a marvelous gem.Until this day, Live Aid remains the biggest, most epic music event in the history of civilization and it is remembered by millions. And _Bohemian Rhapsody_ did it justice. Malek did justice to Freddie. And I left my seat long after the credits had stopped rolling. The show must go on, and it does.

Just watched Bohemian Rhapsody with my wife, my 16-yo daughter and 14-yo son. It's quite simply one of the best movies we've ever seen. Rami Malek's performance as Freddie Mercury is phenomenal and worthy of an Oscar. The other actors are great too. The music is naturally magnificent. We're talking of Queen after all... We rated Bohemian Rhapsody 10/10.

After listening to the reviews calling Bohemian Rhapsody a bog standard bio I think it's time for me to put my two cents in to the ring.Personally I must have been watching another movie. Or is that I just understood what the makers of Bohemian Rhapsody were trying to achieve.Actually let's start with just that.Bohemian Rhapsody is a tribute to the legacy of Freddie Mercury and also the band Queen. It was primarily made for the fans of the the band and to showcase the band and its history to a new audience.To do this the film primarily uses a straight forward story telling style. This also means that events and time lines have to be condensed and fictionalised to tell that story in just over 2 hours. This also means that many real characters have to amalgamate in to a couple of fictional personas. I personally had no problem with this. I also liked the fact that the film poked fun at future events using also comic casting. Those who have seen the movie will know what I'm talking about.
It seems to me that the critics wanted something that real Queen Fans have no real time for, namely a movie that explores Freddie's wild private life. We know what he did. We know a lot about his wild side. But Queen Fans want a film about the most important elements of Freddie's life. Namely the band and its music.Bohemian Rhapsody does something better.Instead of showing a debauched indulgent life, Bohemian Rhapsody instead shows us a man trying to come to terms with his extraordinary life. It shows how with the help of the truly talented other members of Queen he was able to do that. It also shows his Joy, his loneliness, plus some of his mistakes and missteps along the way, and of course his complex relationship with Mary Astor possibly the one person he truly loved.It tackles his sexuality and some of the aftermath of his partying. It also shows the beginning of his illness. This is all achieved with sensitivity and respect.Now for the music.Bohemian Rhapsody is possibly at its greatest when recreating queen on stage. Using a mixture of real singing from the actors, Queen and Freddie's over dubbing and sound alike artists to create a totally unique feel to Queens songs. Recreations of the bands greatest hits are mixed, to sound fresher than ever. Some even help the movie to move along showing headlines and critic's reviews as the songs play out. Then there's The Live Aid performance. Much like the real concert it almost dwarfs everything that has gone before on film. We the audience really get to experience what it was like to be at that event. Not just from the crowd but from the bands point of view. Almost every highlight from that performance is featured.The performances.Everyone agrees Rami Malek is a revelation as Freddie after about 20 minutes you totally forget that this is an actor. He is Freddie. This can also be said for Gwilym Lee, Ben Hardy and Joseph Mazzello playing The rest of the band in fact in the case of Lee the transformation into Brian May is astounding. As the film primary focuses on Freddie you can feel a sorry that aspects of the other members of the band aren't fully explored. Rogers womanising is hinted at but Brian's private life and his relationship with his father are not. John Deacon remains the enigma of the band.
Lucy Boynton gives a carefully measured and sensitive performance as Mary Astor coming to terms with the changes in Freddie's life.
Unfortunately Allen Leech has the unenviable task of playing a composites of some of Freddie's lovers and can be seen as a bit of a cliche villain. But he gives a good account of himself.
As for the rest of the cast. Everyone else is solid.The film begins with Live Ad and ends on that same day.If you're a fan of Queen I defy you to leave your seat as the credits role..
To Sum up. Bohemian Rhapsody is a celebration, not an expose and it should be treated that way by those pay their money to see it..
The Critics obviously didn't get it.

I was a huge Queen fan and this movie exceeded my high expectations. That seldom happens. I loved everything about this movie and I loved every minute of this movie.

Ok it's the opening day, the cinema is packed, probably 90% Queen fans. The fans ranged from a young girl of about 10 to old gits like me.Demi Malek is awesome throughout. He obviously worked so hard to not just look but to sound and act like Freddie. Then again they all did.There have been some negative "professional" reviewer comments and I did read them and I really couldn't work out what they wanted - perhaps a mix of Philadelphia Story and Mama Mia.The complex relationship between Freddie and Mary Austin as well as Paul Prenterband finally Jim Hutton was explored and dealt with appropriate sensitivity.Personally I felt it was short and would have loved to peek more behind the curtain to understand where the music that shaped my adolescence came from.If you've never seen it go to YouTube and watch the Queen performance at Live Aid. The reaction of the crowd wasn't overplayed it was if anything understatedBy the way Bryan Singer is credited as Director but he left and Dexter Fletcher stood in and made a pretty good jobWant to see it again

Overall damn good movie. But had a million of these great moments, and interesting points that the story tellers were trying to make. Each of the band mates were so good natured, individually one could say they were heroic in their own right yet fun at the same time. And the only thing as unique as their music from one song to the next was the bandmates themselves. I mean its like "a dentist, and engineer, and a middle eastern guy walked into a bar. But its cool cause it was Queen!!!"

Wow. What a brilliantly made film. Brian Singer (The Usual Suspects, X-Men) has walked a sublime tightrope of a wonderful engaging, funny and emotional film without turning it into a turgid Hollywood smarm fest. Rami Malek is of course the star and his performance as Freddie is uncanny. Most of the vocals were Freddies originals but he does attempt some of his own,with commendable success, and you quickly forget it's not actually Mr Mercury himself.
Unlike some biopics the music itself does by no means fall by the wayside and there is a multitude of Queen classics crammed into the just over 2 hours running time. And with Roger Taylor and Brian May as the executive music producers for the film expect nothing less. I was pleasantly surprised as to how much of the movie was dedicated to the music and if I wasn't in a cinema I would have spent half the time air guitaring and singing at the top of my voice. Of course we have a lot of the film dedicated to Freddie and his declining social life, behavior and ultimately health, and this is handled with so much respect and emotion that at no point does it seem forced or uncomfortable.
The film follows a classic rise, fall and rise again formula culminating in a final fist pumping, rousing half hour which sees the band bust out (what some say is) the greatest live performance of all time as they re-emerge for Wembleys Live-aid concert.
Realistically the film won't go down as an all time classic and may not be up for any Oscars (except for Maleks performance maybe) but what we do get is a barnstorming, foot-tapping, heart pumping movie which for me is without a doubt one of the greatest Music biopics ever made. Go see it.

Love of my life11/10 in short this film is SUPERBNow I've got that out of the way - the theme is loveLove of a friends , love of a man for a woman and man for man, love of a family ,love of work colleagues , love and adoration and the search of love for oneselfBe prepared it's an emotional roller coaster - it's a film of dreams hopes and aspirations and the ups and downs all of that encompasses . It's a film about trust and deceit . It's about a maverick and it is about Mavericks that make them unique.This couldn't have been done any better , I personally hate films longer than 100 minutes but after 137 minutes I waited till the end of the credits and wanted an encore !I think the success of this film will see a raft of musical biopics - Rocketman about Elton John comes out next year , and I'm sure someone will make one about George Michael , Prince , David Bowie , Michael Jackson , Marc Bolan the list is long ... and I could even see a remake of Pink Floyd the wall with a story and dialogue in there rather than relying on the music and animation of the 1982 version .You probably know the story and you know the end but it handles the life of Freddie Mercury and Queen from their beginning in 1970 till the highlight of Live Aid in 1985 and fifteen year period of rise and fall and return to superstardom - I want it all and I want it now .RIP Freddie 1991 - you were so loved , you are still lovedDedicated to Mary Austin the love of his lifeThe show must go on.Pad.A 11/10 ( in the rock tradition of spinal tap level 10)

I am clearly in the minority, and do not understand the love for this movie. The story jumped around entirely too much. It didn't build up the relationships or people. What could have been an amazing biopic fell short. It scratched the surface and never went deep in the storyline.

I'm fan of Queen& Freddy himself, but the same time I graduated film school and I love cinema, that's why I also like to be as objective as possible in my reviews of movies. Here I will try to make my criticism honest.Yes, sometimes professional film critics are deliberately malicious, and their opinions are detached from reality, but sometimes they are also right, and in the case of 'Bohemian Rhapsody', this is the second.First of all, the film distorts a lot of facts from Freddy and Queen's life, and if it were not significant events - I would not care at all, but these are important things and especially in a biographical film this should not be done, just to make the movie more dramatic. Fred's life was dramatic enough, if only the creators of the film really wanted to make an interesting movie, they would go even deeper into Mercury's childhood and the fact he escaped with his family, against persecution, from his own homeland. And this in turn could be the starting point / foundation for a deeper, better portrait of the Queen singer.Unfortunately, there is no depth here, the worst part is that this film is schematic, completely flat, only glides over important topics, does not carry out any serious psychological analysis of such a fascinating, complicated character that Freddy was.
I don't accept excuses, that "this is the story of the band and not Mercury himself". Because firstly, one does not exclude the other: it was possible to include in the scenario a deeper analysis / truth about Freddy and the band, and secondly the band's history is also poorly told. The best moment of a rather boring, long-lasting, first half of the movie is the recording of '' Bohemian Rhapsody ''. The rest is a fast, also quite jumping and chaotic montage of musical scenes depicting, carelessly, Queen tours and writing of individual hits, and while I understand that in a 2-hour movie it is not possible to show each creative process in the smallest detail, it was still possible to show it better from the pov of the characters - band members, thus also build better and deeper characters in this film.The second half is better, I admit, both in terms of pace and in terms of writing/story, and the icing on the cake is the Live Aid concert. The performance, photography, camera work, acting of the main actor is at the highest level in this scene, unfortunately it is not enough to save this movie from failure.Malek's acting, imo, certainly doesn't deserve an Oscar nomination. He tries his best with an empty and schematic screenplay, writers / director's mistakes are not his fault, true, but Oscar is an award for outstanding acting performances, which are not limited to robotic mannerism, it must be accompanied by the psychological, emotional depth of the portrayed character, and there is no such depth in this film, in this main character. The only really emotional scene that attempts to penetrate into Freddy's soul is the scene of conversation in the rain. It is here, that Malek's creation is the truest and the best.But again : when we look at this role through the prism of the whole film, majority of Malek's work is the mentioned mechanical mannerism - perfectly recreated- but it is not enough to rate this role positively, let alone reward it with an Oscar nomination. Imitative mannerism, gestures, faces alone - it is only a skeleton, an acting sketch, especially in a biographical film, and not a full, beautiful, complex image, which should be any biography. There is simply no soul in this act, and it's just a shame, if you play a figure as extraordinary, colorful and complicated as Freddy Mercury.
In addition to the obvious mistakes of screenwriters and director, Malek himself (for me), does not rise to the task. Sometimes he is just Mercury caricature, and large, artificial teeth don't help to erase this impression, in fact, the opposite. The make-up department didn't do good job here, famous teeth of Queen frontman could have been done better, much more subtly, it would look less ridiculous. Returning to Rami Malek - he is still a young talent who - like any actor - needs more workshop and acting experience, plus really good material, to really shine. That is why I predict Rami Malek will not win an Oscar.I still think that the great mistake of the Bohemian Rhapsody creators, was to part ways with Sacha Baron Cohen. When I found out that he had left Mercury's biography project, I felt it was a big mistake from film producers, because I was sure Cohen wanted to tell an uncompromising, interesting story, not forcedly smoothed , and it seems, my intuition did not disappoint me then. Cohen, a remarkable & colorful character like Freddy, would have fit in perfectly in this role. In addition, after hearing the interview, in which Cohen told why he finally left the movie and what vision of Mercury he had - I regret even more that it was not him who played the Queen main singer. He wanted to portray Freddy as a complicated, controversial figure, with a great appetite for life, but also a great artist who mixed the big ego with great sensitivity and shyness - I have no doubt that it would be a great role. Now it's just a missed opportunity.As a result, we got schematic, "polite" movie, ironically - because Freddy Mercury, as well as the entire Queen, were as original, unapologetic and creative as you could be and deserve much better. Sorry, but real Queen fan, who wanted raw, real, complex, deep, uncompromising truth and story - just cannot like this movie. Mercury and all the Queen story has so much potential (wasted in this movie). I guess I'll just wait for another film, bold and great this time, I hope.

Bohemian Rhapsody was one of my most anticipated movies of 2018. It'd be quite strenuous to oblige to you'll quite how crucial the band, Queen, means to me and how much they've inveigled myself as the person I am today.As a youngster, I had been raised upon the newest, hottest, artificially publicized pop and rap tracks that were continuously featured on the most vouged radio stations at the time, but in the corner of every auto-tuned, computerized feature I listened to, I would often get to occasionally tango to a Queen hit.Freddie Mercury and his band of bohemians are the quadruple-handed culprits who peeked my interest in soulfull, rock and roll music genres which conincidently, have shaped me into the "Classic Rock-Head" I am presently. Not only that, but the obscurities and lunacy of their lyrics-especially from hits like Bohemian Rhapsody-drove me into studying the arts of profoundly galvanized poetry/lyricism/literature.Their music additionally, has helped me power through numerous of my most emotionally conflicting encounters I had brawled with during my time here on planet Earth. This iconic band has been persisting alongside my life ever since I was born, and that's something I can't declare about towards any other musician/musical group.Now Here's My Consensus:I am very, very tied on this film. On one hand, I thought Bohemian Rhapsody tributed the story of Freddie Mercury-for the most part-judiciously, mainly due to Rami Malek's immersive performance. Trust me, if Malek wasn't in this movie, Bohemian Rhapsody would've crumbled to ashes apace with some of the biggest catastrophes of 2018. As a depiction and honory of a musical legend, I was earnestly contented to witness the results.On the other hand, I found this movie to be a pretty incoherent, potboiler mess of a product. The harshest way to submit this is, well, simply put, to say that Bohemian Rhapsody is fundamentally your average company manufactured, cop-out, strand of merchandise that was only fabricated for mainstream audiences who will unknowingly be able to eat up the same old "Fast and the Furious: Family is Important" blueprint that they've unconsciously seen billions of times.However, this movie is dang LUCKY that they got Malek on the project and that they AT LEAST managed to make a glaringly enthralling, two-hour, sound-explosion of a music video.The Main Core Killing This Movie: So, not gonna lie, Bohemian Rhapsody's script is somewhat atrocious in my humble opinion. This penmanship nearly lineaments everything I don't want in a "based-on-a true-story" feature. Whose bright idea was it to make a Marvel movie confided within a Queen movie, an arrangement which wasn't necessarily a construct that one should really consider for a freakin' Queen movie. Writers of the world, you don't have to throw in a satirical one-liner every twenty seconds in order to conquer your audiences attention!And MY MY. Like, if you didn't think a movie could get more "by-the-books" clichÃ©-especially when diving in with all the family is valuable and family acceptance mortalities-than you sir or madam, were wrong. Screenwriters-I've been sounding so demanding recently, I apologize. I guess I'm just admittedly aggravated today-stop making your dilagoue feel as if it's sprouting out of the pages of a life coaching pamphlet! It's amateurish, honestly.They just had to bend the story into little bits and pieces because they just had to insert their little chestnut morals and preaches, and their superfluous, forced humor. Why Hollywood? Why? (Probably because of production issues and what not. Oh. And Bryan Singer. Supposedly. And marketing. And money. Definitely money.)The editing is a bit of a mess too. The sequence of events are muddled like crazy. You'll needa do some final cuts on this DARLING! And about 30% of the movie is just witnessing the band drag on from how they crafted one hit to how their next hit was created and so on so forth.Did I just rant? Woah, I totally did. Hmm...let's lighten matters up, I suppose. I don't want to give off too many negative vibes about this mediocre biopic feature. There is virtue to be found.But Rami Malek. This man carries this ENTIRE movie. Without him, Bohemian would like an ATOM BOMB. Or...not, like an Atom Bomb. Cause the song. Okay, I'll shut-up.Malek's performance is honestly Oscar-nominee worthy. He embodies head to toe, Freddie Mercury's EVERYTHING. Even in the sentimental, dramatic moments, he kills (sorry), DESTROYS it-despite the poor script and dialogue he's often given. Additionally, his chemistry and the story behind his love life was intriguing enough to keep me locked on. The positive outcome of the film originates from this portrayal and this plotpoint that majorily has to do with who Freddie was and what he had to accord with during his times of fame.I mildly relished Bohemian Rhapsody, and I was enthralled whenever we got to relive Mercury's tale, but...a Queen movie deserves light-years better than this. I'm possibly being a tad-bit generous offering Bohemian Rhapsody with this grade, but, I can't deny that I enjoyed and was cheery that I got to venture this film of messy yet, dapper flair...so: (Verdict: D+)

It's not Rami Malek's fault. Let's make that clear. He comes through with a fittingly outrageous performance and should be commended, especially considering all the mistakes taking place around him. His prosthetic teeth are cartoonish, but he pulls them off just fine. He also pulls off the voice, the posture and the curious wandering eyes that that make manifest his burgeoning sexuality that slowly becomes clear to him.'Bohemian Rhapsody' the movie's greatest problem is that there is no clear message or meaning. It's intentionally eclectic and mixed, but this concept works much better for the song than it does for the feature film. It never quite reveals what it's meant to say. If it only meant to pay cutesy fan service to the adoring Freddie Mercury and Queen fans of the world, then it's a job well done. If it meant to offer any other sort of statement about sexual expression or friendship or the creation of music, then it's mostly a miss.The movie's greatest failure is its insistence on submitting constant winking in-jokes about Queen. When Mike Myers' music executive character says that no one will ever sing along to Bohemian Rhapsody while riding in a car, we all chuckle. Or, at least, we're supposed to. The crowd around me certainly did, but I just rolled my eyes. Moments like are not as clever as the filmmakers believe them to be.The other greatest failures come from an inability to make moments believable. The lip syncing could be overlooked (even though it's awful) because no actor can reasonably be expected to make that perfect, but it's the director's issue for not choosing alternate angles to hide the mouths. Worse than the lip syncing is Freddie's relationship with his father. Dad is a classic conservative who disapproves of Freddie's lifestyle (the singing more so than the homosexuality, we're led to believe), and that's the entirety of their relationship until the cringeworthy resolution near the end. It's not even worthy of being considered manipulative because it's so weakly executed.Another thing: did Freddie really not know he was gay until Queen had been a smashing success for years? Everyone else seemed to know and accept it. That seemed to be a bizarre choice of the writers.If you love the music and absolutely adore Queen, you'll probably like this movie. But if you look to poke any holes at all in film itself, you'll spring a few dozen leaks. Freddie deserved better than this.

Impossible Not to get swept up in, almost as difficult to stop yourself sing along to, Huge performance from Rami Malek, As moving as it can be funny. A triumph, defiantly a fitting love song to Freddie and Queen.

Best biopic I have ever seen. I have so much praise for this movie I don't know where to begin. Rami Malek pulls off an amazing performance, with the other actors also pulling off great performances. Best part of it (aside from Rami) is definetly the live aid recreation. It really makes you wish you were actually there. The way in which the songs are implemented throughout the movie are also a highlight. One of the best movies of 2018 and definetly one to see in the cinema (especially when you have the entire audience going 'stomp stomp clap, stomp stomp clap' during We will rock you). 9/10. Would highly recommend.

Half the movie wasn't true or the time frame
was out of sequence.

The story queen to their most famous song. Rain Malek did a fantastic job portaying Freddie Mercury and his life and he does deserve that Oscar. They (production team) did a great job recreating how the actual band members did the songs and nice that they (the real Band members)came out for the Oscars. This movie does support LBGT community. The acting is great and even the recreations of their performances and even the drama for those who never knew the story of Freddie Mercury,and the band Queen.

WOW wow I defy any Queen fan to watch this without a dry eye the cast,producers,writers, Directors done Queen proud

I start with a part of my own story of life: I am an East German born, we had restrictions to travel to the west and to the western culture. But we were able to listen to the West German radio stations and to watch West German TV. It was an open secret. Even the fckg Stasi couldn't do anything against that. So "Bohemian Rapsody" was released when I was seven years old. I think the first Queen song I was aware sung by a band called Queen was "We will rock you". I was nine years old.
But smashs like "Another one bites the dust" or "Under Pressure" didn't find many sellers in (West-) Germany.
And then end of 1983 "Radio Ga Ga " came into my life. Wow! What a song! Queen used fat synthesizers that I already loved because bands like OMD, Depeche Mode or Yaz(oo). So I was 16 at the time "The Works"-Album was released, with hits like "Radio Ga Ga", my Queen favourite of all time "I want to break free" or "Hammer to fall". Every playlist in every club, at every party contained Queen for sure. In the 80's you couldn't go anywhere without listening Queen songs, even in East Germany.
In 1986 Highlander OST followed including classics as "A Kind of Magic" or "Who wants to live forever". Then in 1989 Queen released "The Miracle"-Album and smash hits as "I want it all", "Breakthru" and "The Invisible Man".
Less than a half year after its release the infamous, damned fckg Berlin wall fell. And a 22-year-old boy (who dreamed about and demonstrated for that in late '89) suddenly was free to travel and to do anything he wants. Me.
One of the first CDs I bought after was "Greatest Hits I", so I learned to know "Under Pressure" and others.
So we come to my words about this brilliant movie. Rami Malek's performance is outstanding, awesome, breathless, whatever in this direction. I already loved him in the "Mr. Robot" series. On Sunday, two days ago, he won an Oscar for his Freddie Mercury acting in "Bohemian Rhapsody". Enough said. Great!
So often you think of the real Freddie automatically. Rami here IS Freddie!
And all the band members were great in their acting and they looked like the originals! And all the support actors did a great job too! Perfect. PERFECT!
My last three 10/10 ratings were How to train a Dragon? (2010), One Life (Animal documentary) (2011) and Ted (2012).
Until this film. I have to give it 10 out of 10. No fills, not a single boring second, a perfect biopic.
Thank you for reading this :)
And PS: I tried my best in English.

The film is fantastic. Nearly everything it tries to do it blows it out of the park. The concert scenes are exceptional and the live aid performance can get quite emotional. Rami Malek deliveres one of the best performances any actor has done in a long time and everyone does a fantastic job as their roles. The negatives about this film are mostly saying it doesn't go deep enough into Freddie Mercury's life while I disagree with some parts such as Freddie Mercury being straight washed I think his relationship with Jim Hutton should've been fleshed out more. Also more negatives people have about the movie are too much of the movie is fictional but the band really seemed to get along together and they probably needed to add a bit of drama too keep the story engaging and interesting. Some things I would've preferred they didn't change was mostly just Freddie Mercury finding out he has AIDS 2 years before he actually does in real life but that's really it with negatives I love everything else in this movie and live AID is a really powerful ending and when they start playing we are the champions it really just gets too you. Overall this film is must filled with outstanding performances, amazing concert scenes, strong emotional moments and making you feel like your in that time period, Bohemian Rhapsody is exceptional and it will rock you.

"Bohemian Rhapsody" soars to the heavens as the cinematic chronicle of the rise, fall and redemption of legendary rock band Queen and its charismatic lead singer Freddie Mercury, authentically inhabited by Rami Malek: The tragedy and joy of their iconic music. Yet, what touches foremost is the love story of Freddie and his soul mate Mary, played by radiantly strong Lucy Boynton.While lying in bed together after Freddie dazzled in Queen's concert, he confesses to Mary that the only place where "I'm not afraid" is performing on stage. Mary loves Freddie. Still discovering his amazing voice through his music, he suffers in his inauthenticity, in his sexuality.After returning from a lengthy Queen tour, Freddie discloses his sexuality to Mary. He says, "You are almost everything..." Mary is heartbroken. 'Almost' is never enough. That visceral sense of sadness resonates in Director Bryan Singer's "Bohemian Rhapsody".This very much is Bryan's film, although the studio fired him before the movie's completion. Another director completed the filming for theatrical release. Openly gay Bryan poignantly reminds: Finding and accepting your distinct voice is scary regardless of gay or straight. Announcing who you are to the world is terrifying for all of us. Bryan, Rami and Lucy compassionately say that we try to love ourselves and gift from what is within us. Freddie Mercury brilliantly did that.Freddie Mercury died of AIDS at 45 years old. I was a huge fan of Freddie back in high school. Freddie had flamboyant charisma and the voice of an angel. I found cathartic joy in Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody", "We Will Rock You" or "We Are the Champions". Although, Queen's music represented freedom, it ironically cloaked Freddie's suffering: To be himself. In his journey Rami astounds as Freddie.Accepting his life's deception, Rami's Freddie tells Mary in the pouring rain, "I'm happy for you." Lucy's tearful visage is her hope that Freddie discovers his own joy in life. Bryan Singer's narrative is about healing as Freddie sees what he has become and his fate. Rami is powerful vulnerability and humanity. You see his soulfulness in his eyes. You hear it in his voice. He beautifully regenerates the late Freddie's immortal sound. Rami expresses Freddie's vibrant spirit that captivated us all those years ago."Bohemian Rhapsody" begins in London with young design student and Heathrow baggage laborer Freddie. He's the son of the Parsi family, followers of the Zoroastrian faith. Traditional Father Bromi, played by solid Ace Bhatti, disapproves of his son's choice not to follow in his professional footsteps. Freddie wants to be a rock star.His opportunity arises when guitar god Brian May, played by compassionately wise Gwilym Lee, needs a lead singer for his band. Brian and drummer Roger Taylor, played by spritely Ben Hardy, take a chance on Freddie. While joining the band, Freddie falls for beautiful kind Mary. Freddie eventually meets Paul, played by subversively charming Allen Leech, who reveals as the duplicitous seducer.At times Anthony McCarten's screenplay veers into the indulgent excess of the 'rock star' life, coming across as caricature. Yet, his narrative has the authentic feel for the creation of music as when Brian stamps out the beat for "We Will Rock You."In the end Anthony and Bryan create profound compassion for Freddie Mercury: Whether he is free to express his voice in the world, regardless of what others think. We care whether Freddie finds true love, again. "Bohemian Rhapsody" is full of sound, sadness, and joy. It will rock you, too.

A crappy biopic of one of the most interesting characters of modern music.
You made a movie that doesn't even show Freddie partying as it was, or the legal fights against the band?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
No, sorry, 52.000.000 dollars to make a PG13 movie of the least PG13 artist.
You've got 4 stars from me, because the scenes of him, live at different concerts, made my day at the cinema, but it was an insult to smart people.
-The winners write history, Mr. Mercury. I'm sorry.

"Bohemian Rhapsody" had everything to be a great biopic. The story of singer Freddie Mercury is rich and different from many who lived in show business and at the time of the emergence of stadium mega-bands in the twentieth century. By itself is exotic a guy who was born in Zanzibar, Africa, spent his childhood in India and then was forced to immigrate to England because of a revolution in his country, began to study design and suddenly joins with a quasi dentist, a quasi-physicist and an almost mechanical engineer to set up a band that would be a hit-maker in the '70s and' 80s.But "Bohemian Rhapsody" is a lazy film that does not deliver even the basics, which would be a facetious, linear biopic based on historical moments of the band and its vocalist. It is a superficial, erratic work that adds nothing new or relevant to the biography of Queen or Freddie himself, one of the great voices in rock history.The film, for example, touches on important issues that deserved to be further explored. Ready a few: why is Freddie's relationship with the family so cold and filled gaps? How was your childhood in Zanzibar and India, where, by the way, did he start playing piano? What kind of influence could he have suffered from this life in these two places? In what family, immigration influenced him or not to be what he became? Why deny the name and origins? These are questions that could have been asked and were not answered. In the film, his family is almost a tip in history.Freddie's own relationship with his homosexuality, as well as his internal conflicts, lack and solitude are not properly treated / harnessed to try to understand who Freddie was. In short, it's a very little-delivered movie.Of course, the production suffered several problems. Initially, Freddie would be played by Sacha Baron Cohen, but divergences with guitarist Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor, ended up dynamiting their participation. The place ended up being occupied by Rami Malek, known for his participation in the TV series "Mr Robot", but delivering a Freddie just acceptable and nothing remarkable.After that, Bryan Singer himself was fired from production with two weeks to go. Direction this one that fell in the lap of Dexter Fletcher. But the film ended up having the same face of Singer's later work, with little depth in approaching characters and work short of expectations. "X-Men: Apocalypse" (2016) is an example.In fact, "Bohemian Rhapsody" only lends itself to Queen's good songs, especially those that represented turning points in the band's career - Bohemian Rhapsody, Love of My Life, We Will Rock You, I Want to break free "," We are the Champions "," Another one bites the dust "- to bring comfort to the heart of the viewer. It would have been more fruitful and cheaper, though, to listen to Queen's greatest hits on Spotify.The screenplay by Anthony McCarten and Peter Morgan, who is responsible for such good films as "The Last King of Scotland" (2005), "The Queen" (2006), Frost / Nixon (2008) and "Rush" (2013) also sins by not providing basic information, putting Rock in Rio in a random time and space between 1975 and 1985 and creating bad dialogues. Nor does it seem that there was a band there creating great hits. And even these moments of creation of the musicians sound fake and soulless.If Malek is far from striking, but does not compromise a gear that is flawed from beginning to end, the actors who make the other members of the band - always seen through the narrative with extreme generosity - are weak. Gwilym Lee (Brian May), Ben Hardy (Roger Taylor), Joseph Mazzello (John Deacon) is there to not compromise and be the sober pieces of Freddie Mercury's egotrip. Meanwhile, entrepreneur Paul Prenter (Allen Leech) is depicted as the villain in the film, responsible for the friction between Freddie and the rest of the band and even for his temporary separation.So, "Bohemian Rhapsody" goes through its 2h15min owing a lot. His most memorable moments turn out to be Malek's scene in the rain, when Freddie decides to leave the bottom of the pit to resume his career with Queen and the historical presentation in 1985 Live Aid, a key point for the band and Freddie, in a context where the singer had just learned that he had AIDS, a disease that would eventually contribute to his death six years later. But unfortunately all of Queen's timeline in the movie does not even hit 70% of what actually happened. Just as the viewer leaves the cinema without even knowing the name of a disc of the band.Singer, by the way, chose to put a fake Queen's pocket show inside the film to portray the performance at Live Aid. I do not know if that was the best option. It seemed like a lazy option to me. For it was not a movie or a real Queen show, bringing noises everywhere.So "Bohemian Rhapsody" ends with the false feeling of coming out on top, when in fact it left more holes and a bit of entertainment in an absolutely expendable movie.

What a movie!!! Wanted to get up and sing. But then I couldn't because I was crying...!! Congrats to the maker!!!

I swear if Rami doesn't get an Oscar for this role, I will be done with movies forever. This movie was so brilliant, nothing dragged, there were no boring parts, no looking at my watch wondering when it'll be over. This is a must see. Even if you're not a Queen fan.

Well, the moment we have all been waiting for has finally arrived with the release of the highly anticipated Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody. So now just one question remains, was it worth the wait? Well, in my honest opinion, abso-freakin-lutely! This incredible story takes us on the journey of one of the most iconic rock bands of all time and gives us a look at not only the birth and life of the band but a peek behind the curtain into the life of one of music's biggest legends and Queen frontman, Freddie Mercury. From their humble beginnings playing college shows to their historic performance at 1985's Live Aid concert, Bohemian Rhapsody will take you on one hell of a rock n' roll ride.Rami Malek takes on the role of Freddie Mercury with all the charm and swagger that the real man gave off. Never one to be ignored or denied Malek's Mercury is cocky and charming and just captivating to watch. Even through Freddie's highest highs and lowest lows he gives a fantastic performance. Many were worried that with the departure of Sacha Baron Cohen who was originally slated to play a much wilder and dark Mercury, that the film would gloss over Freddie's personal life, but honestly what we get from Malek's version of the film just feels tasteful and right. You don't need to see the binge drinking, drug use, and copious amounts of random sex to know that Freddie used all those things to fill a void in his own soul and it is heavily implied throughout the film without the audience having to attend every party. Instead, we get much more substance and story which just feels way more important. He is the happy-go-lucky frontman, one second and the tortured artist the next and Bohemian Rhapsody does a great job of making you really feel for this man and not just him, but the people around him whom his actions effect. You get a bit of an inside look at his relationship with Mary Austin played by Lucy Boyton (Sing Street). Their romance/friendship is both sweet and heartbreaking to see. I know many were worried this film would downplay his sexuality and instead focus on his relationship with Mary, and while the film does focus on this relationship with her, it definitely does not leave out his sexual exploits with men and his eventual relationship with Jim Hutton (Aaron McCusker).While many would like the sole focus of this film to be Freddie Mercury you can't leave out the rest of the band because, let's face it, with them there is no Queen. Freddie's bandmates bring a lot to this picture from the sarcastic and at times confrontational Roger Taylor (Ben Hardy) to the band's voice of reason Brian May ( Gwilym Lee) to the quiet talent of John Deacon (Joseph Mazzello). These guys bring a lot to the table as Freddie's family, friends, and biggest support system. Despite all the over the top requests and ideas of their lead singer, these guys jump in with both feet to fuel the fire and bring us some of the greatest music rock has ever seen. It is pretty awesome to watch on the big screen.Overall, I scored Bohemian Rhapsody with a solid A. This is an entertaining, fun, funny, and at times the heartbreaking film that definitely deserves your attention. Fans of Queen should breathe a sigh of relief because this is a solid movie. So head to the box office and buckle up for one hell of a ride with this rock royalty and allow yourself to be taken away and inspired with Bohemian Rhapsody.Bohemian Rhapsody hits theaters everywhere November 2nd.

The movie itself is just OK, not spectacular in any way. The lead playing Freddie is too short, too toothy and acting too hard. But what bothers me the most is the history and facts.They have John Deacon as member of Smile.
They have them performing Fat Bottom Girls 3 years before it was written.
They have a Brazil concert on TV in 1977 that didn't happen until 1985.
The band is shown recording We Will Rock You in a scene set in 1980 when the song came out in 1977.Did the members of Queen even screen this?

My friends and I had unexpected free time and decided to see a movie. We had seen previews for Bohemian Rhapsody several times at the theatres, and when debating what movie to see, I suggested BR. My friends were so/so but went along with the recommendation. They came away - blown away. No one expected to be so captivated by this movie. We all like Queen music, but not one of us had ever seen them live. We realized right away that the music of Queen is timeless. There is not a winning Sports Team that at some point doesn't play or have a slide show prepared to "We Are The Champions." People ask if this is a documentary. It is more than a documentary. It is a brilliantly entertainimng story about the creation and rise to fame of one of the greatest bands of all time. I thought I knew the story, but I had so many missing parts that this story brilliantly unfolds. The reason why Freddie Mercury had such a big range was finally made clear to me. His coming out story is both tough, hard and poignant at the same time.
The final scene is a magnificent walk down memory lane for many of us about a time when the world was united in the cause of charity and helping the downtrodden, a subtle reminder of how far we have strayed from being a Global, caring village. That scene is epic and should go down as one of the greatest movie moments of all time.
The sign of a truly great movie is the one that you were so/so about seeing, and came away wanting to get right back into line and see it again.

"What about the other band members?" was a question I must have asked myself fifteen times throughout the film. The narrative follows Freddie Mercury, who is an irresistible badass, but completely flattened all the characters around him, including (but not limited to) all three band members, Mary, and all of the record label guys. Side note: RIP Mike Myers' career. He has fallen so far, playing a (fictional) douchey record exec with a questionable accent who passes on Bohemian Rhapsody because it's too "out there". That abysmal performance is emblematic of the entire film, which disappoints in almost every way.
Rami Malek portrays an emaciated, pitiable Mercury with a checkered past and some alluded-to sexual exploits. His primary qualm in life is that he's lonely and doesn't feel loved. Idk if this is actually true... The whole emotional scope of the film seems faked, and it upsets me that it's so hard to tell when this biopic is making facts up. What a waste of opportunity.Not having grown up in the eighties, but still quite a big Queen fan, I did NOT get a sense of the impact of Queen's meteoric rise to fame, their overall influence on rock music, nor Freddie Mercury's absolute genius. Instead, the lead singer came off as a flamboyant diva who whipped out hits at convenient times; and the rest of the band mates were so 1-D that, literally, any fights between the friends were solved by... Wait for it... The power of rock n roll. Wtf?The picture was, in reality, so much more complicated, with drug addiction, philandering and gobs of money influencing these musicians. Instead, people acted like a bunch of children reading an inflated do-gooder script. Why, Hollywood, WHY must you make a mockery of life as we know it? It seemed to try to avoid the trope of most musician biopics that play up the common problems for artists on the road, but in excluding those conflicts, the film became superficial and boring. It tried too hard, sadly.
Tbh this movie could have used more explicit drug use, gay sex, and WAY MORE LIVE QUEEN!! But I do have to give four stars for the delightful anesthetic, the wardrobe, andddd the ample use of Freddie Mercury's actual voice instead of Rami Malek's. But still, you're better of watching Highlander for a fuller Queen soundtrack.I'll be checking out a proper documentary on queen next!

Yes it's mildly entertaining but what a missed opportunity. A one dimensional Wikipedia of Freddie. Could have been so much more. No exploration of the political climate, social and business pressures dictating 70's pop icons unable to be open about their sexuality and the impact it had on their mental state. George Michael, Elton John and Freddie to name but three.

Excuse my biased opinion (being a massive queen fan) but this cast portray the band and Mary Austin superbly. I understand the movie took ten years to make, something to do with disagreements between the director and Brian May/roger taylor!!!Well let me tell you this, it was well worth the wait. The amount of studying and research these young actors must have did is clearly testament to their performance in this phenomenal story of the greatest band ever to grace the earth.Without spoiling the film, all I can say is that a certain record producer must be gutted or certainly would have been. Definitely two and a quarter hours of your life you will never forget. By far the best film containing music about a life story I've ever seen.An absolute must watch folks

Very emotional film and rami malek did freddie character very well and very professional, the movie shows how much lonely freddie was and shows the great charisma he had

Beautiful and well directed film by Bryan Singer. Excellent (or life's best) performance by Rami Malek deserves the Best Lead Actor Oscar this year. Superb Editing (both film and sound). My pick for this year's Best Picture at the Oscars. According to my prediction, it'll win all the 5 Oscars it has been nominated for:
1. Best Picture
2. Best Lead Actor
3. Film Editing
4. Sound Editing
5. Sound Mixing

Watched Bohemian Rhapsody while in my Air Canada flight to London's. Loved it so much, that I watched the 2 hour plus movie, most of it again. I had tears in my eyes towards the end. For Queen fans, a must, must see. For those who saw Live Aid, live on 13 July 1985, and saw Queen performing, this movie will bring back one of the best memories of those times.

Bryan Singer's Bohemian Rhapsody is easily, one of, if not, thee most anticipated films of 2018. I'm sure that even the most skeptic Queen fan was curious to see how this was going to be pulled off. Well, let's talk about that...First of all, any and all praise should essentially go to Rami Malek. He's an excellent actor who obviously took the role of Freddie quite seriously. I won't lie, the casting director did a great job finding the rest of the band too, but it was more for their physical appearance rather than anything else; they were really just a static supporting cast. I mention the rest of the cast because this film was essentially supposed to be about Queen, and not exclusively about Freddie. Well, they missed the mark on that one, and it's an upsetting notion.I had basically been following this project ever since the idea stage. I remember when Ben Whishaw was tied to the lead, but better yet, when Sacha Cohen was going to give it a go as our ill-fated frontman. Initially, Cohen was quite serious about the role, and proposed that the film be an R-rated, hardcore rendering of the singer's life. Knowing Cohen's outlandish approach to cinema, it may have been brilliant. Sadly, the members of Queen were not on the same page, and demanded a change in direction. I remember reading, that the band wanted it to be about their collective journey, up to the point of Live Aid. At the end, the only thing that was true to this ambition, was the classic 1985, Live Aid performance which was recreated quite well.We all know how Freddie's journey ends, so there's no spoiler there, but for such a poignant figure in popular music of the 20th century, I expected so much more. Honestly, a breathtaking film about Freddie would take a hell of a lot, and very little of that "lot" was in this film. To loosely quote a review, Bohemian Rhapsody is like a Wikipedia bio of the band. The film references a collection of important moments in the band's career, but it feels all so superficial. Freddie is basically in every scene, and it becomes apparent that the film is about him, which again, was not supposed to be the original intent. The outcome is a basic overview, that just upsets the viewer, because you're left wanting more. It was the power of Queen's music and the notion of the tragedy that was bestowed upon Freddie Mercury, that brought tears to my eyes; however, if there's one reason alone to see this film, it's for Malek's professional dedication to the role, and for that reason alone I give it a 5. I will say, putting Malek aside, the missed opportunity of not green lighting the Cohen project was another major part of the tragedy.Bohemian Rhapsody is sadly superficial, and I can only hope that a respectful, yet honest depiction of Freddie's life hits the screen in some way, shape, or form in the future. If not, we always have their wonderful music, and that's truly the only thing that counts.

Director Bryan Singer ("X-Men" series) brings the life of Queen's frontman Freddy Mercury (Rami Malek "Mr. Robot" TV) and the band to the big screen with a vengeance. With screenplay by Anthony McCarten ("The Theory of Everything") and story by McCarten and Peter Morgan (Writer, Producer, Actor), the film chronicles the mates climb to music notoriety, highlighting Freddy's frontman antics, the now notorious 1985 "Live Aide" concert performance, and of course the death of Freddy to Aids in 1991. Malek, who is unpleasantly overly made up to mimic Freddy's unique jaw line, teeth and hair, is plausible as the driven young British Zanzibar vocalist Farrokh (his given name). As the mature Freddy, he's given all the outrageous costumes (by Julian Day) and Freddy's dances moves, and pulls them off with ease, even though his lip-syncing is over the top at times. What Director Singer does well here, is provide backstory to the raise and demise of Mercury, including a look into his personal family dynamics, his little know love affair to Mary (Lucy Boynton "Murder on the Orient Express"), who graciously sticks by him through his ups and downs, and a look at the effect Freddy's significant lovers Paul Prenter (Allen Leech "Downton Abbey" TV) and Jim Hutton (Aaron Mccosker "The Astronaut Wives Club" TV) had on his life, both who give moving subtle glimpses into Freddy's behind the glamour world. To McCarten and Morgan's credit, they provide an in-depth look at Queen's band members bassist John Deacan (Joseph Mazzello "The Cure"), drummer Roger Taylor (Ben Hardy "X-Men: Apocalypse") and guitarist Brian May (Gwilym Lee "Jamestown" TV), demonstrating that the band was truly comprised of all four guys. As with most music oriented bio-pics, the film is packed with all the music and excitement one expects from Queen, and it's loud and powerful. Mike Meyers ("SNL") has a nice cameo as Queen's EMI chief Ray Forster - although I think I saw and heard "Austin Powers" in his performance. And, Aidan Gillen ("Game of Thrones") does a nice job as the guys music manager John Reid. Only a fool would pan this film, so check it out for yourself, and relive the 70's and the rise of Queen!

The music is great, Remi's performance was amazing, and the recreation of the Live Aid show was exhilarating to watch, but I have two issues with the movie. One, it was not really a biopic on the band, because we dont get any background on the other band members besides Freddie Mercury. They mention wives and kids, but we never see them or find out anything about them. We don't get any info on the other band member's lives when the band started, like we did with Freddie, other than the mention of "dentist" and "neurophysicist".The second problem is that Freddie's issues seem to happen and then resolve so quickly they are glossed over. Freddie's father is clearly not ok with his lifestyle but suddenly seems proud of him and hugs him as he's headed out the door to perform at Live Aid, as if everything is ok now. His drug and alcohol problem doesn't seem to be such a problem other than he shows up late for rehearsal and the other guys are annoyed. There are a lot of things that should have been covered that likely just couldn't have fit in a typical movie length production, but there are so many good stories that weren't included.Anyway, it's completely worth seeing, the music is great, and Remi WAS Freddie Mercury. The performance and concert scenes were creatively well-shot and fun to watch. Just wish that more of the rock and roll lifestyle and history of the band could have been built into the story.

For a movie that's supposed to be a biopic, there was far too much embellishments and alterations to the truth. Everything from the firing of the manager to the addition of Mercury to the band as well as his diagnosis was vastly different from the reality. The movie was less about facts and more about creating a more dramatic fiction. In this hot mess, some people's names have been dragged through the mud when they actually did no wrong.Greats sets and accurate costume designs are a small compensation for a corny movie that irrevelantly rewrites history under the guise of poor scripting and mediocre acting.Hopefully the positive reviews are merely hype at its peak, and that people will look back on this movie in the future and realise it was all hot air. The critics were dead on correct about this movie after all.

Cool movie for sure, I enjoyed it a lot. However, I don't think it should be given 10/10s because it wasnt THAT good. I'll explain why, going through the main different things that made the film:Music (11/10)
Queen rocks. Every song was great.Story/characters (7/10)
At the beginning it was very clunky, not having a main goal or motivation. Also it hopped forwards in time a lot, which can sometimes work in movies, but not to the extent they did it in this one. It just felt rushed. Also a lot of the scenes werent really anything more than just showing us how some of the songs were made, which is interesting, just not relevant to the story. However, later the story gained a driving force as it settled into the time period just before Live Aid. Before, I would say the story was a 5/10 stars, but by the end it probably reached around 9/10, a really solid film by the end. Conflict, important character motivations, and interesting drama were only introduced about halfway into the film. I wish they just started the film then and cut out the beginning.Acting (9/10)
Top notch, of course. The only thing I would say was negative for this was that Malek's acting at the start was a bit shaky, but improved greatly by the halfway point in the film. Perhaps this factor also led to me disliking the start of the movie. All the supporting characters were great as well as Malek. I especially liked the actor who played Brian May, I thought he was perfect for the role.Cinematography (6/10)
Nothing special. Just your average cinematography.Editing (5/10)
This really was the worst element of the film in my opinion. The editing at the beginning of the film was a bit clunky, distracting from the story. My least favorite part was the artificial blurring, especially in the interviewing scene. I assume this was done in editing, not in cinematography, because it looked so unnatural. It was extremely distracting. I think it was meant to make the scene disorienting, but all it did was make me less invested in the movie, because the effect was so annoying.Overall:
38/50 = 7.6/10

The critics were wrong about Bohemian Rhapsody the song and once again they're flat out wrong about the movie.You want an in-depth look at Freddie Mercury's life you can go on YouTube and find tons of them. If you want a movie that will make you feel good and remind you why Queen is one of the greatest bands in the 21st century then go see this movie.Are there facts that have been presented out of context and embellished for dramatic purpose? Yes absolutely.
For example: 1) Freddie Mercury wasn't diagnosed with HIV until 1987. It is widely believed that Mercury acquired the HIV virus in 1981 or 1982 but was not physically tested and subsequently diagnosed with the virus until early 1987. 2) Freddie Mercury met his partner Jim Hutton at a club, not while Hutton was working at one of Mercury's lavish house parties. 3) We Will Rock You was not written in the early 80's but rather in 1977. 4) Freddie Mercury did not come out to his parents on the day of Live Aid. 5) Live Aid was not the first time the band had performed together on stage in years. In fact Queen had been on tour for a large part of '84 and early '85. 6) Freddie Mercury was not the first member of Queen to break off and do his own solo project, that distinction belongs to Roger Taylor.There are many additional inaccuracies to be found but it feels like they're made to service the film's overall run-time which is already over 2hrs. The movie doesn't pretend to be a note for note recreation of the band member's lives but rather a celebration of Queen (Freddie Mercury in particular), their humble beginnings and their meteoric rise to success. Most of all, the movie is a celebration of their brilliant music.You want to be entertained and come out of the theatre feeling happy and humming Queen songs? Go see this movie. If you want deeper insight into the personal life of Freddie Mercury or an accurate time line of Queen's many accomplishments, watch a documentary.I can promise you this though, I've seen just about every available documentary that's been released on Queen, some of them several times and none of them will make you smile, laugh, cry and sing the way this movie does. It truly is an amazing film.

This is my first ever review but I felt the movie was just so good I had to post something. I saw it last night in an IMAX screen taking my non- music loving 17 year old son with me. Am a lifelong Queen fan & was blown away by this - the performances by the four actors playing Freddie, Brian Roger and John were outstanding. Ignore the critics, they must have been watching another film. This is my favourite film of the year. I laughed & cried and have spent the next day watching Queen concerts & bios. The movie will stay with you long after you've left the cinema. My son , who isn't into music of any kind loved it. See it in the biggest screen you can to take in their stadium performances. Freddie we love you

I've been excited to see this for months. Finally got to see it and I was not disappointed. Malek was outstanding as Freddie. I sang along to all of the songs and cried at a few of the sad bits. I'm rating this 10/10 I don't think you will see a better film about Freddie Mercury any time soon.

This movie is amazing. The acting, screenplay and of course music are out of this world .Definitely worth going to see!

This movie has brought out so many feelings, all of them i think.
Rami Maleks and the crews acting is just phenomenal, need i say more?

But the movie has me giving it 8 stars. I had never seen Queen live in concert but I honestly feel like it's happened now.It seems a little to long at times. Keep your eyes open for Mike Myers, he's there just well disguised.I will be greatly surprised if Rami doesn't get the Oscar nom.I was busy chasing a 1 year old when LiveAid happened in 1985. Now I've experienced it LIVE!

The film struggles with pacing issues that cause the first act of the film to move to fast. Not to mention a couple of inaccuracies that's is sure to bug queen fans like it did to me. Other than that the film is really fun and quite touching in other parts especially the live aid scene which was by far the best part. Queens music is fantastic as always but rami malek as Freddie mercury is insanely amazing. Halfway through the movie I forgot I was even watching rami but instead Freddie that's how good he was. The supporting cast is great as well every member of the band feels authentic and realistic. Overall I had an amazing and fun time with bohemian rhapsody despite its flaws. Remember this is a biopic and creative liberties were taken meaning it's not a documentary.

The acting of all in the band is first rate , so is Mary, the story is funny , sad and tragic, the live aid scene excellent, mike Myers - unbelievablely good

There are a few bands I look back and wished I had the opportunity to see perform live, and Queen is one of them. While I haven't yet journeyed into the deep cuts of their music, I did find myself impressed with what I head from Another One Bites the Dust and Under Pressure. So I was pretty excited to see a Queen biopic, but I found myself complaining about the same things I did about All Eyez on Me. It gets the performances and highlights, but severely lacks connective tissue.Where the film excels is Rami Malek giving a very solid performance is Freddie Mercury and giving an extremely thrilling finale at their iconic Live Aid performance (which is worth the price of admission alone). The problem the film doesn't develop the other band members at all or even the creative process. And while the film addresses Freddie Mercury's private relationships with men, I feel the movie plays it almost entirely sexually driven and hedonistic with no real thread of intimacy.Bohemian Rhapsody has some thrills, but ends up being a major disappointment for me as a whole. While it's great to hear Queen's songs on display, it gives little to no context and is quick to move on from the song before the chorus. I just wished the movie rocked as much as the movie did.

SO GOOD! I never listened to Queen As Much, but it made me cry and understand a lot more!!!

As a queen can I went in with high expectations of this movie and it is beautifuly shot. Rami is superb as Freddie and catches those little Freddie nuances. I thought the chap who played Brian had it down to a tee also. The guy playing deacy though not given lots of lines had him just right too.
I was hoping for a bit more of the Freddie 80s NY gay clubs that he used to frequent regularly. But as I spotted Freddie's sister at the premiere then it's obviously got the family blessing and so I can see why that's not a major part of the film. It's very difficult to span the 15 years in a couple of hours and there where a few fast forwards. I would have liked to have seen some of the years up to Freddie's death as I know the band became very close indeed. But maybe that's something the band didn't want to explore. I did come out if the cinema with a lump in my throat. One of the clear things to take from the film and real life is Freddie's life long love for Mary Austin. He must have been a very conflicted soul.

If you didnt watch this and get chills your dead inside. Great acting. Focusing only on a few bits of the story but a great dramatization. Could we have asked for much more?

Rami Malek nailed nailed nailed his role, wow! This film was near perfect in every aspect - writing, directing, cinematography, sets, visuals, score, soundtrack (clearly), and casting! Unbelievable how true to life looking the rest of the band was. Queen fan or not (I have always been), it's an excellent all-around story, and a great film for fans who want to know Freddy's rise to fame. Fan or not, you need to see this film so realize why it will clean up at the Oscars! A well deserved 9/10 from me!

Just been to see this and i have booked to go see it again next week, why? because it is absolutely spellbinding. I grew up in the days when Queen was at its peak and although not the biggest musical influence in my Life (David Bowie took the top spot for me) they were a much loved band. I Went to see them at Wembley Stadium for their 'Its a Kind Of Magic' tour and that blew me away and this movie did the same to me.I wont go over the entire synopsis like others seem to do but just give the review... The film is a Biopic of the Band Queen and its lead singer Freddie Mercury and it gets it right. The story looks after itself and the humour and drama lead on from that. I had tears several times as it reminded me of an era in my life where Aids was in the headlines a lot. The laughs are good and this is seen throughout. The people starring as the band are incredibly similar in looks and by the end of the film i had forgot that they were not the real band.overall the music was great, the acting was very good and the story well acted out to facts. i gave this title a 10 but it would deserve higher. if you can go see this film it has made a wowie of an impact for me.

Loved this film. Not really sure why I went to see it really as I'm not really a queen fan albeit I do know all of the songs but I think you struggle to find anyone who doesn't even if they don't realise it! Epic choice of actors and great performances!!
People are entitled to opinions ofcourse but I'm surprised there are bad reviews circulating as it's not really the sort of film you can put a bad slant on. It's a true life rockumentary!!Go see it!!

The main actor should have the oscar for his mesmerizing performance. The movie is one of the best movies that we have seen since years.

Yes I have been a Queen fan since 1972 and so I was going to be hard to please ! I am a Queen purist ! AND THIS DID IT ALL FOR ME.
The Brian May actor was brilliant !! So like him in every way.I LOVED IT... I notice the critics hated it.. GOOD.. the critics have always hated Queen.... can't help it if they have no taste.I AM GOING BACK TO SEE IT AGAIN... It's excellent... from start to finish and I cried at the end so next time will be prepared.WONDERFUL... if you are a Queen fan it's a journey down memory lane.
IF YOU ARE NOT A QUEEN FAN.. you don't know what you've been missing.

This is my first review, I only registered to be able to express how much I loved Bohemian Rhapsody.This movie is the closest thing you'll ever get to experience Queen. For me it was really like a kind of magic... like their music.This is a long movie, but I wished if only the show could go on...If you like Queen... well even if you don't... this movie will blow your mind. And your ears ðŸ˜„

Rami Malek is absolutely sensational - those movements across the stage, during the Live Aid concert scenes, were Freddie to a T.
The film respectfully gave us a glimpse of the genius that was Freddie Mercury. It never hid from the sordid secrecy and loneliness that surrounded him however captured his enigmatic essence.
Not a dry eye from watching such a beautiful tribute.

I'm not just a hater here to hate. I am a massive Queen fan and have been as long as I can remember. The problem with this film, is it simply isn't the story of Queen. Without going into details that would spoil the film for any of those who haven't seen it, almost nothing that happened in the movie actually happened to the band and Freddie. I love Queen and I love Freddie Mercury, but I am truly disgusted at the way this film branded itself on preserving Queen's legacy when all it does is stuff falsehoods into a fictional retelling of the band's history. If you liked this film as a film, that's one thing. But, it is in no way, shape, nor form, the story of Queen. Hopefully Sacha Baron Cohen will someday get the chance to make the historically accurate account of Freddie he hoped to make. In the meantime, I guess we'll just have to deal with this Disney-style nonsense.

Sometimes there's a movie that really divides critics and audience. Sure a movie about one of the most iconic person of Rock (and music in general) should make Bohemian Rhapsody one of them, and it does. Honestly, the movie it's not bad -not totally- but it is messy. The structure is messy, the timeline is wrong and the characters are more selfaware than they need to be, but more on that later. It felt like they wanted to make a love letter to Queen, but the structure wasn't even nearly satisfactory as it should be, resulting in a Russian Roulette of cheap emotions and an unclear message by the end.Rami Malek is good as Freddie Mercury, reproducing several peculiarities of the original artist, but for me his acting was more of a series of impressions (a caricature) then a true representation. Don't get me wrong, it's still very good and very unique, but I've seen another Biopic this year (First Man) and by comparing the protagonists, I feel that Gosling's Armstrong is more of a "character" then Malek's Freddie and I don't know whose fault it is. Anyway, great casting too, I honestly want to know how they rejuvenated Brian May and taught him to act so fast. But even with a cast almost identical to the original band, the movie restricted everyone so they could make Freddie the absolute main character.This and other things are totally the screenplay's (and the people who wrote it) fault. And there's some Bryan Singer there too. The movie paints Freddie as a legend, a god from the first to the last frame, never letting us empathize with his character, his struggles or his wins. We're humans, the movie needs to humanize its protagonist so we can sympathize with him. The film even has a "bad influence" character so we could put all of Freddie's faults on him, what a shame. It seems like every single person involved with the band (except that one producer) was aware of what Queen means today. They're always convicted
that they would be successful, talking and acting this way, at least it's how the story shows us. The screenplay also manipulates time and events to fit the narrative created to the movie. Rock in Rio was in 1985 with a very well know Queen, not in '79. Freddie discovered he had AIDS in 1987 and definetely did not use it as "plot point" to empower the Live Aid performance, and he didn't was the first to go solo too, making an entire scene insincere. Propably one of the most poorly written scripts of the year.I honestly don't know where it's totally Bryan Singer's fault or some kind of Studio's censorship, but this movie is flat in emotions. Everytime the band argues about something there is a miraculous riff that saves the scene and in the next one everything is alright, they have a new song to perform. Unfortunately, not even an inspired Rami Malek and the Live Aid performance reproduction (which was cool) could save the picture. Makes me wonder how Sacha Baron Cohen wanted to make it. Probably he wanted to make a true Biopic of Freddie's life, not just a stack of exposition scenes.Probably he wanted to make it right.

Absolutely love this epic tale. Not many movies can bring me through the full range of my emotions in a short space of time...and totally awe-inspiring as well.Being a Queen fan, I am fully aware of the history and what should or will transpire...yet it didn't detract from the experience at all. My friend watching with me didn't know who Queen were, and he fell over himself praising what we had witnessed at the end.Would have given it a 10 out of 10 if they didn't mess up some time line and music choices...still... it would have been even more enjoyable, I believe, if one is not aware of the incorrect time-line of certain songs and music.Based on a true story and beautifully executed...Freddy and Queen are legends...and thanks for sharing this experience with us.Absolutely brilliant and highly recommended!!(Only consideration is...unless you have a fantastic sound system at home hooked up to the screen...watch this in a cinema...the immersion factor is unreal.)9.5 out 10!!!

Possibly the most frustrating cinema experience I've had all year. Why? Squandered potential. It's Queen. Quite possibly the biggest rock band to ever exist. Influential to millions. Idolised by thousands. The risks they took with their musicality and stage appearances were aspirational. And yet here we have a biopic that, whilst undoubtedly entertaining, just doesn't know what it wants to be. Chronicling the formation of Queen, Freddie Mercury rises to fame as their lead singer and soon starts clashing with the other band members. Malek singlehandedly saved this film. His performance was both transformative and engrossing, occasionally fully embodying Mercury's eccentric personality. The exaggerated false teeth did initially distract me, but these are diminished once the story starts to unfold. The other members were also well acted and certainly looked the part, particularly with the 70s hair styles. The whole plot intelligently culminates to the infamous Live Aid performance that shot Queen's reputation to stratospheric heights, which evidently is the greatest segment of this biopic. It allowed the music to come through and force Mercury's emotions to be conveyed through auditory senses. 'Bohemian Rhapsody' is deservedly one of the greatest songs of all time, and just the Live Aid performance alone showed its importance to Mercury and the band. It wants you to sing along, it wants you to tap your feet to the beat. It's infectious. It will leave you wanting to listen to their other fantastic songs. The development beforehand was well paced, nuanced and enjoyable to watch. However, there are two huge detriments to this biopic that lead to an underwhelming result. Bryan Singer's direction and McCarten's screenplay.Singer is unsure what angle to use to portray Mercury. He had a big career, with personal failures equalling his musical successes. Yet Singer attempts to balance the narrative with Mercury's life and what is essentially Queen's greatest hits. The two do not marinate seamlessly. Is it a Queen tribute? Or a Freddie Mercury biopic? Can it be both? Yes it can. But this is not substantial enough. The band has so much history and acute details that were glossed over in this film, ultimately feeling rushed. The time shifts range from a month to five years. Singer attempts to tackle too much, and it shows. In the first twenty minutes, they've already conceived their first album! That's ludicrous. Then we come to the screenplay. I'm sure Brian May and Roger Taylor's inclusion in this production somewhat hindered the telling of the band's history. It's completely sanitised. The often comedic dialogue juxtaposes the tonal shift of Mercury's eventual loneliness and battle with AIDS. There is literally a scene of Mercury contemplating the idea of conceptualising a solo career, only for the proceeding scene to joyfully create 'Another One Bites The Dust'. The script tries too hard at being a crowd pleaser, that the more important issues are diluted and consequently forms a tonal shift. Sure it allows Malek to show off his acting ability, but at what cost? There's no emotional resonance. Nothing feels memorable. It's a shame, as this could've been an excellent biopic. However the mediocre directing and script really hindered the emotional investment required to make this a successful trip down memory lane. It's a biopic that general audiences will enjoy, it's just not the biopic I wanted.

It's an okay movie to watch if you have no idea who Queen, however, lower your expectations. This seems like another disrespectful Hollywood attempt just to make money andThe same way that last airbender movie could have been directed way way better, this one is the same: Good story with a big potential, badly written, badly directed.The movie tells very little about Freddy's personality, or anyone's, which leaves it on a very superficial level.The actor looks like Freddy, imitates his moves but missing his energy. Hearing Queen songs sung worst than the originals in a movie theater wasn't a joy neither.

As a huge Queen fan, I can't get this movie out of my head. It delivered on all aspects, and recreated the concerts perfectly. I have never disagreed this much with the critics, as they have completely misunderstood the movie. The movie has no intention of diving into the personal life of Freddie, but to capture the unique music and the chemistry between Freddie, John, Brian and Roger.

Absolutely brilliant portrayal of Freddie and Queen. Inspiring, moving and emotional loved every second of it. The best there was, is and ever will be band of all time.

First of all, I didn't really want to go. After all that happened with this movie and after everything that Queen members said, I expected it to be bad. Very, very bad. But then I saw all those positive reviews and thought "Hey! Maybe it's actually good? I mean, miracles happen from time to time and I don't want to miss something good based on something as epic as Queen". So, I paid for a ticket. I was a fool...Bohemian Rhapsody is exactly as I expected it to be. Even worse, actually. And the biggest problem with the movie is the fact that the band didn't want it to be a movie about Freddie. I mean, sure, they're all very talented musicians and it's probably painful to live their lives in Freddie's shadow, even while pretending that the band still exists without him. No matter what they do, the people think "Freddie". So, sure, I can see WHY they didn't want this movie to be all about him. The problem is... there was no other way. The story of Queen is the story of Freddie Mercury. Who, aside from many other things, was a very complicated person. And the only way to make a movie about Queen and Freddie is to focus on Freddie's inner world. The same way that the First Man focused on Neil Armstrong. Remember how people said a lot of bad things about that movie just because it didn't focus on the American flag? But that was exactly why the First Man was so good. It wasn't yet another movie about American heroes in space. It was a movie... about... Neil... Armstrong. Bohemian Rhapsody does exactly the opposite. It turns Freddie into another character of the show. One of the many. And it's one of the things that pretty much ruin the movie.Like I said, Freddie was a complicated person. A true artist with the unique soul. And without even trying to look deeper into his soul, this movie makes him... well... a freak. Personally, I consider it a crime. Not because I'm one of those crazy fans, but because he deserved more... WAY more than what they did to him in this movie. And it's not about Rami Malek, no. The man is quite good and I hope that this movie will be good for his career. The problem is - writing sucks. Hard. We see Freddie saying and doing things, but we don't have a slightest idea about why. WHY does he do all that? How does he feel? Remember Sully? The movie about Capt. Chesley Sullenberger? Remember what Tom Hanks did there? Sully didn't have any action scenes, the landing sequence was quite short too. The whole movie was about Tom Hanks showing Capt. Sullenberger's feelings in his eyes. Clint Eastwood directed it in a way that we didn't even need words there. Tom Hanks' eyes and the right directing were enough. Bohemian Rhapsody? Nothing like that.Thanks to an awful writing and the pressure from the actual band, it turned out to be a movie about a group of cool and friendly guys and a freak with a superiority complex who were unable to do the things in a normal way. Meaning, feelings, thoughts, emotions... this movie doesn't have anything of that. It aims for a single thing - a bright and exciting picture. Something that is FUN to watch. A bright picture that shows us funny scenes of how famous songs were made, Freddie saying funny and shocking things to people, etc. Even the gay part is surprisingly dull and shallow. One kiss here, one hug there... No feelings involved.To make things worse, even though the movie is pretty straightforward, it's full of lies. Very convincing lies that make the band look even more cool. There are characters that weren't even based on actual people, there are scenes that weren't even based on actual events, etc, etc, etc. As the result, the movie feels like a convincing something that was ordered by Brian May and Co to make them look better. And that's exactly why the one should never ever involve the actual people in biopics about them. They'll want things done in their way. And it'll destroy any attempt to make something real. Brian and Co wanted a colorful yet shallow movie full of fiction, in which the cool British guys make a fool out of the EMI executive, who never ever existed in real life, they've got it. Bohemian Rhapsody is sure bright, colorful, it looks amazing, actors are quite good, even though many of them are TV actors, the concerts look shockingly close to the real deal, and yet, it's an awful movie. And the final scene (which is Live Aid, by the way, don't expect any Innuendo depression in this movie) is a nice example why. They've literally re-created Queen's Live Aid performance. They had a lot of time for a long and very expensive Live Aid cosplay. And yet... they didn't have enough time to show us Freddie's complicated soul. I call it a failure. But again, I hope it makes Brian and Co feel better about their lives. Clearly, it's the true goal here.

Loved the movie, but then looked up what was factual and what wasn't, and learned much of what was depicted in the movie never happened. I found this really surprising because two members of Queen were involved in making the movie, so I'm surmising perhaps they needed to agree to altering/making up events in order to get this movie made. I realize movies need to move along and there are also time constraints in telling a story, but (although not billed as a documentary) I'd have much preferred a more accurate (rather than made up) version of many events of Freddie's life.Love Rami's performance! Big, big fan. So enjoy him on Mr. Robot. He absolutely knocked it out of the park with this performance. Other cast members were all excellent as well. It really felt like one was actually watching Queen on the screen, rather than actors. That's how believable they were! Immensely entertaining script although, again, I just wish they had told true, factually accurate stories rather than making several up.Can't believe how they recreated both the Live Aid venue, as well as the performance to a T. That was really mind blowing, but really wish they had included all the songs Queen performed at Live Aid. Believe me, no one in the theatre would have complained about the length of the movie if they had.Audience clapped at the end to show their appreciation. It was pretty awesome, but then disappointing to then learn so many events depicted in the movie either never happened or happened in a completely different way...STOP READING HERE IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW SOME EVENTS THAT NEVER HAPPENED OR HAPPENED IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT WAY.Freddie was already living with the guys in the band before he became a member. He didn't meet them for the first time after a performance in a club.Freddie didn't meet Mary the night he met the band.The character of Mike Meyers never existed. Thus, the entire very amusing scene depicted in his office with the band never happened.Freddie never quit the band. The band mutually decided to take a break and then mutually decided shortly thereafter to resume recording and touring.Freddie did not reveal to the band his AIDS status shortly after getting back together, just prior to the LIVE AID concert. He disclosed it later on.The band actually toured for a few months prior to LIVE AID, while in the movie it was depicted as LIVE AID was to be their very first performance together again as a group and they were concerned about how their performance would be since they had supposedly JUST gotten back together and felt they might be rusty.Freddie didn't meet his eventual male companion the way it was depicted in the movie.Freddie was bi-sexual and had encounters with other women besides Mary, though the film dipicted Mary as the only female he had ever had a sexual relationship with.The film chose not to give a realistic portrayal as to the extent of drug/alcohol/sex fueled life Freddie led - though that part didn't really bother me at all.These are just a few instances of made up scenarios that never happened as dipicted in the movie as having occurred. It seems it would have been very easy to more accurately tell Freddie's story and still retain the entertainment element.

This MIGHT have made a great fantasy film...IF IT WASN'T BASED ON REALITY, A REALITY WHICH IT CLEARLY MOCKS!!! I can clearly see now why Sacha Baron Cohen separated himself from the making of this biopic and why it was turned down by other directors and writers. PURE FANCY. EVERYONE KNOWS the kind of life Freddy Mercury lived and the things he did, this is a fanciful attempt by the other members of Queen, all of whom are largely inconsequential in comparison to Freddy, to save face and present a pleasant PG13 fiction about them. GARBAGE. Avoid at all costs or accept as pure fantasy if you like.

I was a teenager when Queen was at its peak and this film transported me back in time to where Freddie Mercury and Queen aimed to connect to their audience in a whole new way and succeeded - I particularly loved watching the reactions to Bohemian Rhapsody which no radio station would play because it was 6 minutes long intead of three and no record company would pick up - what abject fools LOL!
I was totally captivated and in the moment for the whole journey and you will find you will be too - the acting is so engaged - I am sure these characters are still with each of them.
Everything about the film is carefully and beautifully done - 'issues' are touched on but not politicised or exploited which makes the appeal of this film broad - be prepared to fall in love with Queen and this era of rock music all over again.

Bohemian Rhapsody is part of our repertoire when we sing in our choir Monday evenings. This mind-blowing movie has totally transformed my perspective on the power of singing voice. I am going to do my best and become a real singer :)The movie is very timely given how the world is increasing polarised by hate speech. The Indian-Persian origins of Faroukh, him changing name to Freddie Mercury, his struggle with his identity all this while giving the world a taste of heaven through his voice spanning a heavenly 4 octaves is nothing short of an authentic and transformative experience.Bohemian Rhapsody and its cast, especially Rami Malek, deserve to sweep every award there is for they deserve it bringing the legend of Queen to world. In an unprecedented way...

Bland and trite. A paint by numbers re-telling of the story of one of the most fascinating figures in music history.

What a fantastic movie, perfectly balanced in all areas. It didn't probe deep enough into Freddie's life, said the critics. How ridiculous. To probe any further would mean taking down his pants and looking up his arse. The producers of this movie nailed it.

Oscar for Rami Malek for his role of the bjggest singer ever born on this planet.

This movie is brilliant not only because it depicts the life of a legend, but is a reminder of the greatness and epicness of an era of Rock and Pop music. A real story of bands writing music together and fighting to keep it alive inspite of everything that's against them. The critics and purists might want to compare every little detail and find flaws, but I think this movie captured the life and heart of Freddie Mercury and Queen, celebrating their music, determination, perseverance and innovation and will certainly give you goose bumps. The actors and casting is incredible, with some intelligent direction. One of the best movies out this year for me and surely not a movie to miss.

More like stars in your eyes than a biopic. Incredibly kitsch and painfully wooden, this film is hugely underwhelming and does not do the memory of one of the greatest showmen ever to grace this earth, any justice whatsoever. The highlight of the, otherwise dull and painfully slow film, is the very well made Live Aid finale. Using the original audio recording of the Wembley performance provided a much needed lifeline to a flailing film adrift in a sea of mediocrity. Dreadful acting and an even more limp screenplay. And did Freddie really have teeth like Tim Nice-But-Dim?Save your money. Stay at home and watch the gig on YouTube. Very loud!

So many inaccuracies and such lack of depth. The music is of course great and the production values lavish but the story was just so by the numbers and shallow. Garbage.

You may enjoy watching this movie, until You realize that most of the facts and chronology is distorted and both band and Freddy strongly whitewashed. What's left is just another sentimental blockbuster.Rami's performance is just outstanding though.

Being a life long Queen fan, I had doubts. I didn't like the idea of Rami Malek being my childhood hero. I wasn't sure about how they portray the early days. I thought "this will be a vile attempt to make money upon Freddie's name" etc.etc..How wrong I was! From the opening scene till the end I struggled not to cry near my girlfriend in the cinema (heck, I was doing fine till Live Aid moments). I tried to put on poker face... but no avail!This is an experience as some other reviewers write. If you're around late 30's - 40's or more, this is a voyage to your childhood, your youth, to the days where everything was better, soulful, beautiful, natural.Whether you're Queen fan or not.. go see this movie and flow with the music!

Everything looks polished and, of course, the soundtrack is spectacular, but it's tough to get excited about passive storytelling and a supporting cast that's, frankly, quite boring. I kept wondering if Brian May and Roger Taylor, the two original band members participating in the production, were too involved in how it played out. It's Mercury's story, of course, but the rest of the group is handled with such kid gloves that it's almost laughable.

Rami malek did seriously good job ... I was little doubting his skills to play Freddie as he was such an original type of person to me, but heads up, it was really good.. he is one of those legends that should never ever be forgotten and hopefully young generation learn about him thanks to this movie.. extreme pity he died too young but hell he lived it more fully than 90 percent of people living til old age.. very good movie hope it wins the Oscars

Regardless of its 'critic' let downs and perhaps some 'Hollywoodism', the movie does a fantastic job of catching the ESSENCE of Queen and Freddie.I painstakingly watched the original Live Aid Set and the movie remake and I'm left wit GREAT admiration for the effort that the cast and crew exhibited to capture the moment. From Rami's gestures to the innocuous acoustic guitar placement on stage during the concert, it becomes obvious that the cast, crew and producer embraced the ESSENCE and STYLE of the band. For that, I enjoyed the movie and I recommend it. Enjoy

Just watched this what a beautifully made film
Rami does a fantastic job of Freddie
It's a must watch and if you don't get a tear in your eye then your dead inside
What a great performance
Great music
Great band

Not hung up on innacuracies or missing details. Just got hung up on it' brilliance!

Okay, Let me get this straight. If critics didn't like this, they can go to hell because this was a fine, fine movie. Rami Malek lived as Freddie mercury. He gave a spectacular performance and Oscar is on it's way home baby. For us, the 90's kids and today's generation who can never see Freddie on big screen or TV screen ever again, this is a blessing. I don't think anyone cares about the accurate representation of the story or whatever. Watching Freddie (or Rami playing Freddie) on the big screen itself is a boon. Just go watch it already if you haven't yet. All hail QUEEN!!! #Queenstan

First i should say, i don't know much about queen and freddie Mercury. I heard couple of songs but not more. But the performance from rami malek, i think this is his lifetime performance. He didn't have much of acting experience on big scree. Despite the fact he pulled of a ripper. First half of the film is like decent, not much happening. Second half is much better. The aid performance is on spot. Other characters don't have that much of effect. It is totally a rami malek show as well as freddie mercury of queen show.

A thoroughly enjoyable two hours spent wallowing in nostalgia, I can understand why it has been such a commercial success, remi malek is great in the lead, still wouldn't be my choice for the Oscar though, been better performances this year in my opinion, Steve Cogan for stan and Ollie for one, but he was good, the film, while fun, felt like it sugar coated the obviously flawed genius and very strange real Freddie, I truly think it is the music that makes the film, the last 15 mins especially, in my opinion there have been better films in the last 12 months that are more original and interesting and far more Oscar worthy, blackklansman, stan and Ollie, and the badly overlooked leave no trace, but as an enjoyable evening at the cinema celebrating the life of a British icon and his music it is a good evening out

What a brilliant film about a brilliant band.
Rami Malek plays Freddy Mercury how I imagined him to a T. His style charisma passion and acting skills are brilliantly on point. I watched Mr robot and struggled to imagine Mr Malek playing the part but to my delight the acting all the way through is brilliant. thank you for a great film

What an emotional roller coaster! I absolutely loved Rami in this film really shows off his talent! I maybe bias because I LOVE Queen but it was still a great movie! Now I will be listening to Queen for the next month!

Rami Malek truly is an amazing actor who makes Freddy come alive. The perfect ending!

Absolutely incredible. Rami is a star in every sense of the world. The film is casted to perfection and will have you hooked from beginning til end.

I'm not a great fan of the band but I like a lot of musics of, so, well, in that movie we can know more about the story of Freddie Mercury and your rise, your personal life, and more. I really liked performance of Rami Malek, you look him, you believe that is he in there, singing and at all. About the songs, was incredible see how their was made, and all the work behind, the problems with a strong personality of Freddie, and your addictions. And in the end, that show, was the best, all the energy in the performances, amazing!

For the generation that didn't grow up with Queen, this movie is a fantastic dive into the legendary band. I know the movie skips over a lot of Freddie Mercury's life, but the Band is more than just Freddie. I went into the cinema with no preconceptions and was blown away. The live aid set is pure euphoria!!!

Loved it, excellent proformance. Funny and Sad...... Fred and Brian spot on...

It's very rare that I score a movie with the highest rating possible but Bohemian Rhapsody truly deserves this. It's been a real long time I watched such a powerful movie. And you don't even have to be a Queen fan for that. I'm a Queen fan, one of the old generation, grew up with it, played the records over and over again in my room when I was a teenager. I remember selling my Queen Live Killers album because I needed some money, and instantly regretting it afterwards. I remember buying that same album again as soon as I had sufficient money again and played it over and over again, driving anyone else in my family nuts. This movie/biography is so well made, and full of emotions, bringing back good and bad memories, I really can't see what other movie could be a competitor for the Oscars. Bohemian Rhapsody has to win the Oscar for best motion picture, anything else would be a farce. And what about Rami Malek? What a performance that was! He's also a real contendor for best leading male actor. In fact the whole cast was just great. They really found the best actors possible to play the whole Queen crew. It's almost like they only searched for lookalikes but also with good acting skills. As for the sound, well it's Queen music, how can that be wrong? Like I said before, this movie is for everyone, even for people that are not Queen fans per se. Everybody knows at least one Queen song out of his head, fan or not, that's how big Queen was and always will be, champions forever. Bohemian Rhapsody made me cry, but also brought me back to my youth, and for that I can't be grateful enough. Definitely the movie of 2018!

This is one of the best movies I have seen, the Sou track really gets you involved and pumped up to sing along. Cast do a very good job of representing the band.

I guess all of us 90's or 80's kids have grown up listening songs of this magnificent band and i kid you not I felt like I'm seeing them live for the first time. It's a shame that i was born after QUEENS but this movie gave me that experience of a live concert, along with the touching story line and an amazing and uncanny impressive performance of malik as freddy. A must watch for everyone who loves rock 'n' roll and even if not still. I don't know what movie did critics watch.
P.S. critics were wrong as always

I just saw the movie and it was best to show the history of Queen how they started and it make them famous

Great to see the story of Queen brought to the big screen

Went to watch this on an impulse. 8:30 showing, empty theater, why not? And I gotta say that Bohemian Rhapsody is an excellent film. Rami Malek did an A+ job portraying one of (if not the) most charismatic frontmen in the history of rock, capturing the essence of Freddy Murcury as good as anyone could hope for. From a technical aspect the film also hits on every level. The film does have issues, the first act is pretty uneventful, focusing more on informing the audience of queens backstory and giving the characters some weight. This causes the first act to be mostly forgettable because shortly into the second act is where the conflict between freddy and the other characters takes center stage and the movie immediately becomes more interesting for the remaining run time. The last hour or so is gripping, building and building to a climax that sticks the landing 10/10 and leaves the viewer on a high that continues all the way out to your car when you blast Queen through your speakers on your way home ðŸ˜ however the film I feel lacks replay value, there isnt a lot to make you want to come back and watch the film again. It is an excellent film that starts off slow but hits all the right notes, and will definatley go into my collection. Just might not get that many trips to the blu ray player. 8.8/10

This is the best movie of all time despite if the Directors didn't get any of Freddie's or The Band Queens life Historically right

This is the best movie of all time despite if the Directors didn't get any of Freddie's or The Band Queen life Historically right

Excellent movie! My only criticism is, as a big Queen fan, the song chronology represented in the movie's progression was flawed. Less dedicated and most latter days fans aren't likely to notice and it's only a minor annoyance that should not keep any rock music fans from seeing this movie.

Definitely worth watching this! Once again critics mixed reviews didn't hold people from watching this, and as Bohemian Rhapsody (the song) defied the odds more than 40 years ago, the same happened with the movie. I'm so glad the new generation got a taste of Rock Music at its finest. Hopefully more and more young people will help this kind of music to rise again.

I loved the movie but to me it was too small... The lack of the last year's and the wish of Freddy to sing and record all he can... The hymn for the Olympics "Barcelona" and the news that shocked the world... When we knew that I couldn't do it... The greatest memory concert of all times that lots of artists did with incredible performances like Axl Rose or George Michael.... I would have bet on a 3 hours Movie. The great "aid live" should have been mixed with the real one... That would really had been awesome.
I really wish the producers could do one extended version with this things on it.

Inspiring, emotional, motivating, and soul touching.Just watched the movie with my family, my family loves music, my dad is a guitarist. I've grown up listening to Queen. This movie was without ANY doubt an amazing movie.What a life, what a character. Freddie Mercury is fantastic. The cast played the roles brilliant!!Even if you aren't super familiar with Queen (I assume most people are) or don't listen to their music, definitely worth a watch.

This movie was amazing, it was Freddie Mercury down to a t .. I love this movie the acting was fkn good the music was awesome, Queen was awesome. By the end of this movie I was in tears. This movie done Queen justice. You have to watch it, I will be watching it again!!!! This movie deserves a Award ðŸ‘‘ðŸ†

Damn I never felt this good for any movie I have ever watched. GOOSEBUMPS....

I have been very surprised about this movie . Two hours of music , emotion , love and desperate solitude . Great Rami Malik . Superb

Yeah, as a Queen fan I loved this movie. Rami Malek's performance sounded great in the trailer and took everyone by storm in the final product. I loved how well he and the other band members turned out, because more than once I stared at Gwilum Lee and thought "isn't that Bryan May" to myself.It was kind of weird witnessing Malek sing the chosen songs from Queen, because he delivered them with the same power and presence as Freddie Mercury did back in the day. Man, he did an amazing job!I agree it's a rough take on a legendary band's and singer's career, so hopefully it lights a spark in a new generation of Queen fans to go pick up their music and their fascinating story. But I am so glad the writers took the hard life of Freddie Mercury with them into the movie, because otherwise it would be disgraceful.Maybe not the one I'll be rooting for the most in the race for the Academy Award for Best Picture, but I really hope Malek gets the award for his performance!

I feel this must be among the best music movies ever created. The main actor is brilliant, the honesty of the movie is just beautiful, without trying to make anyone better or worse, but just an honest movie. The cast is sellected to a perfection. Everything abou this movie is fantastic. At one point me and my girlfriend started to talk about band members and how they felt when they got a chamce to see their friend coming to life again with a flawless performance by main actor. We are almost left speachless. What a pearl of movie making and history this is. Everyone, every single person on and off screen did perfect to make this story happen. Thank you.

What a film!!! Can't believe the Lookalikes!..the Performances....the Acting by Rami was AM....aaaaaaaaaazingggg!!!!
Can't get over how much he looks and sounds and acts like him lol.
This film has a bit of everything in it, happiness, sadness, excitement etcetc..
Good all rounder whether you were/are a Queen fan or not.

I am not one to take my views online, to critic someone's work for which I am no expert. Having said that, after watching this, I felt compelled to announce and celebrate my admiration for this film, the production and in particular the actors who did such an outstanding job. I was bemused by some of the critics of this film. Somethings in this world remain unchanged, everyone has an opinion but as you can tell by reviews on this website, the people have spoken, this is a hit, there's no doubt about it. It was executed to perfection - bravo!!

Great night at the movies! Music, of course, is awesome. It's a really enjoyable movie, I could see again and again!

They did a really great job on this movie it is so well done , that even if you don't like the band you would really have a good time and enjoy the music of queen , it feels like you were at a live Concert
But to be honest i didn't like the story of Freddie mercury But clearly they can't make his story any better than that. They tried to make it as good as it can gets, i enjoyed the music and Rami malek's amazing skills of acting , i liked how it was written and made and directed and filmed. .
The crew of this film diserve an Oscar for sure .
Thanks for reading this.

If you are cinefil you must see this movie.the actors very good,the end very nice

I can't imagine a reason not to give this movie 10 stars. Don't like Queen? You will after this. Music is great, and it will pull at even the toughest heart strings.

This movie is SO fantastic. The cast have each been carefully selected to make me feel as though it's the real thing, every little detail is included and is so amazing. Highly suggest it

A must watch film if you love any Queen song . The detail and accuracy to the Live aid gig was truly outstanding. Will be watching this again very soon.

What a fantastic film. It is so good. I'd watch it again.

Biopic of the hugely popular/successful pop band Queen and the late singer Freddie Mercury, who died of AIDS in 1991.Now this film has been criticised by some clever clog critics for its apparent lack of Freddie hedonism story.
I strongly disagree. The descent into orgies, homosexuality and AIDS is all covered. Along with the little known story of Freddie's wife Mary Austin.The actors give great performances as the band members especially Rami Malek as Mercury. They look so believable. Malek even wears some kind of denture devuce to mimic the famous Freddie overbite.In a way that is one of the strengths of the film. It chronicles the rise, fall and rise again of the GROUP leading up to the 1985 Live Aid concert at Wembley Stadium in London where Queen quite literally stole the show.
The Wembley scenes are so realistic.As a story of Queen rather than Freddie himself the film is a triumph revealing some interesting facts such as the songwriters of some of their most famous songs such as I'm In Love With My Car!The film will appeal to Queen fans as a chronicle of their greatest hits. A guilty pleasure!A troubled production behind the scenes apparently for several documented reasons. What influence did certain ex band members have?

Thank you for making this movie.
I am overwhelmed by the emotions that it made me feel.
Absolutely one of the best movie I have ever seen

Emotional and very entertaining! If you love music and not just Queen, you will be ROCKED with this great film!
I predict Oscars for BEST FILM & BEST ACTOR, at the very least! Shame on the critics!
Freddie and Queen were one of the most talented bands ever - sorry I never got to see them!
God bless Freddie!

If i had a chance i would give 159/10 words are just meaningless

Fantastic. Gave you a great understanding of why and when songs were written. I liked the fact they did not marr the Freddie legend which they so easily could've done.Instead as fans of queen and fans of movies are treated with a sad but heart warming movie. The live aid finale is worth it alone.

I don't like musicals, in fact, I hate them but I had to watch this movie. I just couldn't let this pass me by as Queen are one of my favourite bands. I did struggle to believe the mass hysteria surrounding the performance of Malek in the lead before I watched, as with many similar biopic's, I was always left disappointed. This though, was a break from the norm. The protrayal of Freddie and his fellow band mates is quite stunning. Its heartwarming and heartbreaking in equal measure as Rami Malek puts in an unforgettable performance. Freddie's voice and its accompanying music is still as beautiful today as it was in the late 70's and 80's. All this makes for one hell of a great movie. DO NOT MISS THIS!

Whether you love Queen, or have absolutely no taste in music, Bohemian Rhapsody is a wonderfully well-written, produced, directed, and acted look at Freddie Mercury and the band, from their start in the 1970's through their performance at the Live Aid benefit concert at Wembley Stadium in 1985.Directed by Bryan Singer, rhe film beautifully captures the brilliance of the band's music as well as providing insight into the story of band that gave us Bohemian Rhapsody.I'm usually dissapointed watching a film about a band I love, however from the very beginning, before the actual film begins and you realize the 20th Century Fox Studio Bumper's backing music (a film studio's opening logo intro) has either been played by Brian May or has been channeled through a Brian May filter sounding like him playing the music on his signature Hamer guitar.Rami Malek does an incredibly-outstanding job of bringing Freddie Mercury back to life, if only for a mesmerizing 134 minutes. Not only in his uncanny physical appearance, but invoking his mannerisms, and reincarnating his essence. He became Freddie Mercury for this film.The other three actors playing his bandmates were equally amazing. The fact that All of the music in the film is by Queen, and being produced by Jim Beach (former Queen Manager) and Graham King, with band members Brian May and Roger Taylor as musical consultants injects the same genius that gave us Queen, the band, into Bohemian Rhapsody, the film.The best film about a rock band I've ever seen.

It's a good movie that provides an insight into Freddie Mercury's life. Moreover, it nicely captures the emotions for each scene differently. The use of Queen's songs for different scenes is also nearly perfect.

I would never have thought anyone could deliver or pull off Freddie Mercury. Not in a million years or at least in my lifetime.Brilliant film and it deserved to WIN Globes and/or Oscars.I was not bored once when I watched it and it was so believable with all the characters through to the music and band playing etc. It was like it was really QUEEN!.All I will say is, it was so well done in every way possible, to a tee!.Malek is not handsome like Mercury was, but credit has to be given where credit is due, as he did a top notch job as the "man".An excellent movie and not one to be overlooked or dismissed so lightly!

The quality of the screenplay, acting, camerawork, sets, research are all superb. It is a masterpiece of a musical biography that captures the essence of Freddie Mercury while enlightening the audience about the actual story of QUEEN.All those taking part were totally credible and of course, the music is brilliant. None of which comes across as 'covers' and I really don't think there was any lip syncing at all either.Anyone would enjoy this film in its own right but for those 35 and above it is also a fantastic journey that they will enjoy going on tremendously.

ThE Best! The man that played queen.... I wanted to be his best friend! Amazing! It kinda felt like you were at there concert, just wanted to stand up and jam out with queen. I could watch this repeatedly. Absolutely love it!

It was VERY difficult for me to see this wonderful film (in Dolby Atmos) and listen to its great mix without there being tears in my eyes. After all, the band portrayed on the screen made those tunes for a living - and I PLAYED THEM FOR A LIVING! So even though I didn't personally go through the events seen in the movie, Queen's music was a HUGE part of my life. I couldn't tell you how true any of the film is, but Queen's music DID have an effect on my life. And if you're old enough, it had an effect on YOUR life, too. I thought it was brilliant!

This film is an overall great movie! But one thing i felt was lacking was the gact that They showd little of freddys parentes perspective and thougts.

From someone who is not a die hard Queen fan. I still LOVED this movie. Amazing performance by all, but especially Rami Malek. It's a must see for all who appreciate music.

Great job!!! The best movie in the last years.... Rami Malek just nailed it, so talanted and great actor.
Fredi would be proud.

Just amazing, a LifeStyle of a real artist. The final part was something magic..

Great movie. Loved to sing along. Felt like you were at a Concert.

The movie is wonderful! I didn't listen to Queen's music before I saw it, but I knew some songs anyway, now I got like 10 songs from the movie on my Deezer playlist :) . It's awesome how it got me interested in Queens background and their music. Also Remi Malek's performance of Freddie is so remarkable that I came home after the first time I saw it and compared it to the real Freddie by watching some live shows at yt (live aid as well), then watch it again and saw how he managed to make a real masterpiece of his performance in the movie. I read some of the reviews by people who actually know lot more about Mercury's life and why they don't like it, I say it was wonderful experience listening to the soundtrack, watching Remi Malek bring Freddie to life, delivering his persona as an amazing and world changing artist, and not some wild gay man with all the partying, drugs and alcohol.
If you want to watch a movie about Freddie's life and focus on him as a good band leader and a human at the same time this is a movie for you. If you focus on the details you should find some documentary cus this will not give you extremely accurate informations you want to get :)

Amazing film and don't even really like queen but great actors rami malek is a great Freddie Mercury
Watch it!!!!!

Fantastic acting, music, effects.
Do not miss this film!

LI was so looking forward to seeing this movie. Baby Boomer that I am, Queen came at the tail end of my rock era, though who could have heard their music and not have it embedded in their soul? Then I began hearing through the grapevine the critics lack of enthusiasm. Pay no attention to those cretins behind the curtain! What a wonderful journey this film will take you on! There is the mind-blowing turn of Malek's performance, followed by the rest of the band who resemble so closely the original Queen it is downright spooky. Then the music. The music. The music. And the story. My goodness, critics, go back to school, or follow that yellow brick road and discover your hearts again. For shame! Run, run to see this film. Poignant, inspiring, it will leave you awed.

Wow!! What a great movie. Just for the music alone you should go see this movie. It really is timeless brilliance. The whole story is incredible. Definitely a must see movie!!

Goosebumps all over, recommadation for every movie lover

Any Queen fan will love this film. The actors are brilliant, the music is amazing. Bought tears to my eyes and a wonderful memory of watching queen perform at Live Aid. Best film I've seen for a long time.

As a Queen fan and someone who had been looking forward to this movie since it was first announced, Bohemian Rhapsody blew my expectations away!I will say right of the bat that the movie is not 100% historically accurate, but most biopic movies aren't so this really didn't bother me all that much. Rami Malek was amazing and easily deserves the Oscar for Best Actor this year! I honestly forgot that I was watching an actor play Freddie. The concert and music scenes were fantastically directed and I honestly felt like I was there at a real concert, particulary during the Live Aid scene at the end. Although the movie was a lot of fun, I really liked how it also wasn't afraid to cover the darker and more unpleasant parts of Freddie's life as well in the second half which made it a much more intriguing and emotional film than I could have been.This is easily my favorite movie of the year (although as a Queen fan I'm probably a bit biased). Everything from the acting, directing, and music is fantastic and Malek easily deserves an Oscar for his performance as Freddie!

This movie is outstanding, in Greece we call these movies musicals not biopics, the reason why we do that is to express the joy that you get when you listen to so many wonderful songs in a movie.
Another great musical that I saw is A Star is Born and of course the comparison between them is unavoidable, the movies aired at the cinemas almost together.
I really loved both films but what Rami Malek did with Freddy Mercury's act is worth even more than an Oscar price.
I sensed the Fabulous life of Freddy, I almost smelled the air in the room where Freddy wrote his songs. I can't describe it with words.
I am a die hard fan of the Queen band and I really couldn't care less about the differences on Freddy's real life and what is shown in the film. I just wanted that show, that brilliant show!!!

A masterpiece! No words more needed. Rami Malek act wonderful

Rami Malek his performance is the best
The story is great and it makes you see things that you wouldn't imagine
Definitely the movie shows the history of queen but mostly the history of Freddie Mercury
I was wrong I thought he was different but this movie changed my vision

If like me you are of a certain age and remember Queen in their heyday and Live Aid, BoRhap is a nostalgic and sentimental film.Visually, it captures the very essence of the 70s and 80s. Also the soundtrack marking the various time points keeps the pace steady and interesting. Remi Malik is brilliant as Freddie Mercury, although his performance is more of an impression rather than an in-depth character portrayal, however he nails it with aplomb.Technically there are some faults. With the emphasis very much on Malik as Mercury, the rest of the cast doesn't really have a great deal to do. Likewise, the glossy nature of the story skims over the darker parts of Freddie Mercury's lifestyle, excesses and later battle with Aids and so lacks a real dramatic punch. Plus there is a clumsy and tenuous cameo from Mike Meyers which gladly is over quiet quickly.The finale is quiet simply nothing short of spectacular and really brought back some very vivid memories and of course highlights what a sad loss Freddie Mercury was when he was taken so young.Over all though BoRhap's flaws are far outweighed by its entertainment factor and makes for a good watch!

Well firstly, I must say the last time I cried this hard during a movie was probably during Titanic. However in my opinion not only this movies conveys such string emotions but tells a story, I might add a great and beautiful one. I didn't go in hoping to learn some obsure detail about Freddie Mercury, I came to have a good time and this movie did a great job doing just that. Secondly it had been years since I had seen this many people at my local movie theatre, not only for the first or second screening but as of now (two months later) every screening only has an average of 50 seats empty out of 260 which never fails to amaze me.

If you are a rock fan and better yet grew up in the 1970's and '80s go see this movie about Freddie Mercury and Queen, just excellent. You will feel like standing in ovation inside the theater.

I had been wanting to see the movie for a while and I heard a lot of different opinions, both positive and negative. I eventually went to see the movie with a friend who is a big Queen fan.
I was very enthusiastic about the movie. Not because I love Queen so much, I do love them, but I did not know that much about them. Maybe that was also a reason I was easier entertained than my friend who couldn't help but notice some small inconsistencies in the movie. Of course, it is very difficult to put Freddie's whole life plus Queen's career in only a 2-hour movie but I think they did a great job. What I find most important in a movie is that I have to be able to become almost part of the story. I love to really get into a movie so much, that I almost forget it's a movie. In this movie, they did an amazing job in bringing Freddie's fears and struggles to live. Freddie's loneliness in the movie was portrayed really strongly. It also helps that Rami's acting was incredibly good. To me, it would be scary to play such a legend because you know you will never be able to completely imitate him and I would be afraid that I would not do justice to Freddie's legacy. So I think it is brave that he did it and although his motoristics are not perfect, I thought it was really good. Sometimes I forgot I was looking at an actor and not Freddie himself. He definitely put a lot of passion in his role.

Very well produced movie and an amazing performance by all of the actors involved. I know parts of the Freddie Mercury story but not well enough to corroborate. Final scene and the show is spectacular. One of the few times I have seen people clap in a movie theater at the end of a movie.

If you love queen music you'll love this movie. If you don't like queen music I guarantee you'll be tapping away by the end! Great performance by lead actor Rami Malek.

When I first saw the trailer for this I couldn't figure out whether this was a spoof comedy. Rami Malik looked like he was taking the Michael with those teeth! So I stayed well clear of it. I'd also heard something about Byan Singer being sacked last year meaning they had to get someone in to the rescue the movie. However everyone I met and trusted said nothing but positive things. Having now seen the movie I have to say that I really enjoyed it. The acting by Rami was fantastic and I knew little about this chap. I thought he was a Brit. This is a star turn by a Californian actor... well done. Although I love the music I can't say that I knew too much about Queen so I enjoyed watching their journey to stardom unfold. It's one one the best movies I've seen this year a true crowd pleaser. You will laugh, cheer and cry. Go see it and see if you recognise Mike Myers!

Great movie tastefully written. Funny scenes making music...and very serious as well. A must watch for all.

This movie is phenomenal! I am now a Queen and Freddie Mercury fan! I watched this movie because I am a fan of Remi. Remi is a great actor and a hard worker. I knew very little about the band Queen. I must admit that Remi was exceptional as Freddie Mercury. It was as if Freddie was resurrected through Remi. I 've been listening to Queen's music daily since seeing this movie. Thank you Remi for this awakening! This movie has it all! Freddie was a musical genius and the other members of the band was brilliant too! In my opinion, this is the best movie of 2018!

Bohemian Rhapsody plays out well in just about all aspects, except for chronological consistency. Seeing how many others have covered this, I will not delve any further into the plots inconsistencies. When watching, one simply has to remember it is not a documentary. It is a rock n roll film made by 20th Century Fox. This was a fun movie and if you are a fan of Queen, or rock music in general, you will never cease to be entertained.

Rami totally deserves the Oscar it received, and good what a movie.I never knew Queen so much before this movie, started learning about it along with this movie's promotion and since then I have started falling in love with this band and now that I have finally seen this movie, I am more in love with it.Have already heard the songs so many times, will keep listening to it forever.

"Bohemian Rhapsody" is an attractive film about the story of Freddie Mercury and the Queen. In 1970, the British Indian Parsi Farrokh "Freddie" Bulsara meets the members of the band Smile in a pub and soon they become Freddie Mercury and the Queen. The plot shows highlights of Freddie Mercury biography and his relationship with the Queen until their performances in the Live Aid concert in Wembley in 1985. The plot has romance, drama and wonderful songs and is certainly one of the best 2018 films. My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): "Bohemian Rhapsody"

While it is a little loose in some areas basically a good dramatisation with acceptable artistic licence and some of the seedy side acknowledged but not revellered in. Not a documentary but a good story based loosely on fact,

A great example of why you shouldn't rely on critics. Had I listened to them, I would've missed out on one of my new favourite movies. Walking out of the theatre, I already wanted to watch it again so now I'm planning on buying the Blu-ray as soon as it gets released. Technically, it might have some flaws, but I can wholeheartedly say I fully enjoyed the movie from the very beginning to the end. And that's quite a compliment for a movie this long!
The acting is stunning and the casting is impressively done. Rami Malek is one of the best actors out there, in my opinion, and did Freddie Mercury justice. He did an excellent job at embodying the legend, and he's deserving of winning the Oscar that he is nominated for. There were plenty of moments during the film that I was in awe of him. All of the actors were great!What they wanted to do with this movie was to honour Freddie and Queen, not making a full-on documentary about Freddie's life, as the critics "complained" about. I'm actually glad they didn't go down a dark path and instead focus on the highlights. But I'm also confused by how some critics think they shied away from the darker aspects of Mercury's life? I didn't feel like they did that at all. In fact, I think they handled it appropriately.I'm happy with the soundtrack as well. I honestly wouldn't mind if it had been three hours long. Plus, the recreation of Live Aid is spot-on.All in all, wonderful movie that made me happy and emotional, and gave me a bigger love for Queen. Ever since I saw the movie I've been listening to Queen songs on repeat.Well-deserving of the awards and recognition it is getting, including Rami Malek who delivered a high-quality performance.

This is the best movie, loved Rami Malik as Freddie Mercury. Loved it â¤

I love you Freddie Mercury but, I love you more Rami Malek!!! There are some parts of freddie's life that were missing in this movie but, I still love how great it was made! I was in awe of Rami Malek's performance, he's the next best thing in hollywood! There was'nt any dull moment while watching it, could be one of the best movies of the decade?! I hope!

Unbelievably good movie. Not bored for a minute! Must see movie!

Finally a good movie released! Bohemian Rhapsody is by far one of the top films of 2018 and quite possibly in the last decade. Rami Malek fits the bill to the letter with his amazing performance as Freddy Mercury. The casts in Bohemian Rhapsody were perfectly selected as everyone done a remarkable job and the story was told so well. We've always loved Queens music and we were not in the dark on some of the happenings surrounding the band however the way the film was directed and produced it made it superb!This is a must see movie displaying the life of one of the worlds top musical groups. Artistry at it's finest!

One of the best movie i ever seen in all over my life rami malek did it great he did great job highly recommended to watch this movie
Queen is king of music

One of the best movies that I've seen!! Freddie's life was very interesting and he was quite unique which made me love him even more!! Queen is one the the greatest rock bands in the world!!
A Beautiful, funny, sad and happy movie!

There is rarely a movie I can watch back to back to back, that is until this one. Rami Malek is to Freddie Mercury, as Ryan Reynolds is to Deadpool. You could tell they all put their heart and soul into these roles, and rightfully so. Long live QueenðŸ‘‘

What an awesome movie! Rami Malek was perfect for this role. He looked like Freddie!!I remember coming down in the morning and turning on the TV in 1991 (at 10 years old) announced Freddie Mercury died. I didn't know who he was, years went by I saw videos of him on the music channels.After watching this movie and now watching his original live concerts, music videos etc. I now understand what a POWERFUL and STRONG voice he had, such an incredible talented individual. What blew my mind was the level of interaction, connection and communication he had with the crowd.A very sad ending.

One of the greatest films that have ever been made. Don't listen to the bad reviews, the perfomances are incredible, and will go down in history as a great for a great.(yay)

I couldn't have imagined a more perfect way to highlight the successes of one of the greatest bands in the world. There is not a single boring moment in this movie!!! Every scene, every shot, every bit of dialogue has been executed magnificently. I'm not sure about the accuracy of the biopic and I don't care. Some complained about the lack of Mercury's sexuality being discussed. Not everything has to be about LGBT just because the man was a gay icon. He was more than his personal life and I think that was also a side point of the film being made the way it was. This serves as a medley and snapshot into Freddie's progress into stardom and what Queen became from hardly anything. Best movie of 2018, it maintains a special place in my heart so much that I went twice to the cinema to watch it and it still didn't feel like enough viewings. This was also the first movie I've seen where I've seen men crying watching this. Cinematic experience I wish I could score 11/10 for.

My parents were both heavy rock fans growing up in the 80's, they were 11 when MTV premiered on cable and raised me and my siblings on everything from Pat Benatar, AC-DC, Aerosmith, Judas Priest, Heart, Queen, Def Leppard, and a boat-load more rock groups from the 70's and 80's Hair Metal Era. My Mom couldn't wait for this movie to be released in the theaters when she heard they were making the movie on Freddie Mercury. We all LOVED the movie and my mom cried thru half of it. She remembers the day when MTV announced Freddy Mercury interviewed on his admittance he was sick with Aids then the next day his passing away. The movie was moving and (if the movie was true to facts) very sad on what Freddie went thru with his love for Mary and his homosexuality, his music and the relationship with his family and Band-Mates. Freddie was definitely a musical genius! Bohemian Rhapsody is still an extraordinary masterpiece as it was back in the 70's. Its ageless! RIP Freddie! You were a Treasure!

It was just perfect. It was moving and beautiful. The music was great. The cast too. Definetly recommend.

The movie is a must for anyone great acting at some points in the film you cant tell if its the actors or actual queen but they sometimes show songs be released before their real release date like fat bottomed girls.Rami's performance is astonishing some times you really think its Freddie same with everyone else. if you haven't go watch bohemian rhapsody and mark my words bohemian rhapsody is the best movie of all time if not at least the best movie of 2018!

It is one of the best films that I have watched in 15 years because I am 15 years old!!! I love Queen and their music! I know that it was a very complex film to do because of the choice of the actors but all the actors were wonderful and excellent.
I love it I love it I love it!!!!!!!
Congratulations to the whole cast of the film!
The only thing I could say is that there could have been some more scenes focused on Freddy Mercury and his personal life but in a way it is better this way. I love the fact that the movie is all Music Music Music!!! Some facts where edited by the director and where not completely true but I respect that because you have to romance the film a bit to make it a movie and not a Biography!!!
Wonderfull Title!!!!!!
LK

While this is a simple straight forward story, it is the performances,sheer energy and music which assault the senses. The casting is quite unbelievable. Everyone is great. The movie portrays the debauched lifestyle of Mercury without being sordid and shows his loneliness and torment which ultimately proved so devastating. Having been lucky enough to have been at Queens last live performance at Knebworth Castle, the finale gave me both goose bumps and a tear. A fitting tribute to a brilliant band and the greatest front man ever. Go and see it. The Mike Myers joke was genius.

Fantastic movie. Can't rember watching a movie in the cinema more than once, but went to see this amazing film for the fourth time tonight. And I could easily watch it again tomorrow.

After Papillon seeing Rami Malek in this movie was great . Its a very enjoyable very entertaining and very emotional touching movie. I saw queen live 3 times in my life , read about Freddie Mercury a lot and i also wrote about their music . Forget about critics , forget about timeline , just go and watch a very beautiful movie and enjoy . You will love it, you will be touched, you will have tears and you will feel it, unless you are a callous and soulless creature..

This movie is not just a legend of a hero, also the greatest salvation of humanity.
Love it!

Rami Malek's performance in this film is incredible. The movements, the voice and the physical resemblance made me forget that I was not actually watching the actual Freddie Mercury.Joe Mazzello's portrayal of John Deacon was great, he nailed that very specific Deacy accent.Gwilym Lee looks and sounds exactly like Brian May, especially the resemblance in voice is uncanny.I'm so glad that after the many negative reviews, this film is loading in so many nominations and awards.

I stupidly thought I would not like a biopic about Queen without the original band. My son- who well remembers watching the Live Aid gig on TV with me- really almost 35 years ago? - insisted I went with him when he went back to see it a second time. It was breathtaking- and everyone in it was superb- each actor playing a band member actually looked like the. By the time they got to Live Aid I thought I was watching the actual band. Rami Malek was amazing- and deserves every award coming his way-but everyone was marvellous. I came out weeping- not only because the performances were so moving- but like many who lived through the Queen period- we still grieve for a lovely soul who was taken too early. I have been re-listening to all my cds since seeing it. Magical.

Couldn't fault this film enough. I really love Queen and the movie and biopic does the film a whole lot of justice.

What a great film. From the beginning of Queen in the 70's up to Live aid Rami Malek plays a very convincing Freddie Mercury. The music of this amazing group recalls Freddie's performances on and off the screen. To see the audience once again at Live aid raising their hands and clapping to Radio gaga bought back memories of this iconic band. Highly recommended -:)

If you are seeking a 100% accurate biopic then this is not the film for you, but if you are of that age where you remember Queen in their glory and Freddie Mercury in all his most wonderful brilliance then this is the film for you. A few times during the film I found myself going "I don't remember it like that" or "what about that?" and when I checked later found they were either historical inaccuracies or omissions. They didn't in anyway diminish from the film, in fact I can't remember the last film I watched where I had so many goosebumps.

The actors were phenomenal, Rami did a fantastic job at bring Freddie back as well as keeping a hint of himself in the character and the fact that some events are not presented chronologically does not affect the quality of the movie, at least to me as a huge Queen fan. After all, it.s an enormous task to encompass 20 years of legend in a bit more than 2 hours long film, but they did it beautifully.
I was born too late to see them playing live together, but I left the cinema crying with joy, feeling as if I attended their performance in Live Aid before my time. I wholeheartedly recommend this movie and I hope they win all the Oscars they can :)

Ijust had the best introvert Christmas experience: Bohemian Rapsody. Twice. In a row.
Two days after seeing the movie my mind is still playing the music all the time. With pathos.
I never had the opportunity to see a Queen concert. :( But this movie, this experience is the best next alternative. I didn't want the movie to end! 2 hours? Too short! 4 hours? Still short. And I wish to had the power to put the volume on maxim in the cinema!
And yes, I cried. This is a movie for us, the misfits, the ones that not belong. This is our country, our Queen, our soundtrack. We are a nation, and We Are The Champions! Long live the Queen!
Do not miss this movie! Give yourself a treat.
Ignore the critics! They've must seen another movie!

This movie was a really big wake up call to me. Prior seeing this movie all I knew about Queen was "I guess they sang Bohemian Rhapsody and had Freddie Mercury", and I wasn't really excited when a friend asked me to go see this movie. I agreed, and when I left the cinema my eyes were all teary, my heart was bigger and I felt a new person. The acting was great, especially Rami's. It was a really big tribute to Queen and I just loved it. Now BoRhap is my favorite movie, as well as my song. 10/10 movie!

Saw it twice in the cinema, still love every bit of it

The title says it all! Congratulations to Rami&the cast! One of the best films I've seen in a while;)

I watched it two times already and I would keep watching it over and over again. The sound mix, the whole cast, the final scene, everything is perfect. The story is delicate, natural and well taken care of.
Highly recommended, I couldnt have expected better

Wow... almost speechless! So wonderful experience. It's felt like being at the concert and I wanted to jump and dance and sing along, but I had to hold back as I was at the cinema!!! Truly amazing movie - which felt like a live concert.
After watching the movie I wish I was born earlier!

There's not enough words to describe the feeling i felt in that cinema! I went there along my class full of 15 year olds and they all sat there quiet and watched as the story progressed. And when the songs came on we all sang and stomped to the rythm. If you don't watch this masterpiece you sure are missing out!

I smiled through out almost the entire film.
I was hoping to not see what some of the critics saw, the ones who did not rate the movie well.
I enjoyed it emensley.
I know it skipped through some periods of Queen and Freddie's life rather quickly - but that was fine, it's a 20 year story in 134 minutes. Have to leave somethings short.
Great movie.
I was never bored or disappointed.

Yes I know, I have been a Queen fan size 1974 and I am very glad that I was able to see them perform in 5 Dutch concerts between 1976 and 1983 so giving it 10 stars was easy. But this movie is so close to the own experiences which I had. I recall the first time the video clip of Bohemian Rhapsody was broadcasted. I was the discussion at high school on Monday morning. " Did you see and hear that song Bohemiam Rhapsody" and it is by far one of the best songs written. Tonight we went with to see the movie with our 4 kids and we enjoyed it to the max. So for me this was a trip down memory lane and so a well deserved 10 stars. Queen lives

It was really a good movie!!!! I knew it would be from watching the trailers. RIP Freddie!!!! You're family, friends, and especially your fans miss and love you!!!

This film was amazing. I have seen it twice now and enjoyed it just as much the second time round. Brilliant casting and evenly paced action made for an entertaining peek into the life of a fantastic showman. Equal parts funny and heartbreaking.

Amazing! Great acting, great sound. The narrative focus on the band instead of just Freddie.

Brilliant....no idea why the critics are so low on this one.

This was one of the best, emotional, thrilling bio movies that has been made of this lifetime. The reason why I say this, is that this movie is not just based on one-person Freddie Mercury, but this movie is about Queen, meaning all four members, how they came together, showed their talents and how each contributed to their group success. While I was watching this film, it felt like a rollercoaster as I was full of emotions from the start of the movie to the end of the movie.This film focuses on the group Queen and not just about the main star of the movie. So, you get to see how good Brian May is when he writes some of the songs and John Deacon and Roger Taylor. I went to watch this film again for the second time as it was a dream come true for me. I have been waiting for years for a Queen movie to come out and this movie was top. This film focused on how the group came together and showed some of the best moments of their life and some of the sad, bad moments of Freddie life.The film did not focus that much on the drama that was in Freddie life but it focused more on Queen. Watching this film made me thinking about how much I love Queen songs and I have once again started to listen to their songs and watching their tours again. The beginning of the film really sets the tone of the ending of the movie. Rami Malek who actors in Mr. Robot does a brilliant job of bring Freddie Mercury alive and throughout the film I really was thinking, wait is that really Freddie Mercury.Personal, I don't understand why some people give this film a bad rating or review, this film was the best tribute to Queen the music group and Freddie Mercury. This film once again did not focus too much on the bad things in his life but only the important things that happened in his life. You also get to see the experience of how they came together and how each of them came up with some of their and our most favourite big hit songs such as Bohemian Rhapsody, we will rock you, another one bites the dust, love of my life and we are the champions.You also get to see the birth of one of the greatest performers of all time in music history who to me is up there with Michael Jackson.So, to my fellow music fans, movie fans, queen fans, rock fans, please do not listen to the movie reviewers as I do not understand the little criticism of this movie.We need to now see a Beatles, Michael Jackson movie, like this movie which focus more on the music artist instead of focusing on the bad parts of their life.This movie is about Queen, all four members not just about Freddie Mercury and how he lived his life. Go and watch this movie. 10/10 rating. 5/5 starts.

I loved every moment of this film. Incredible performances, brilliant interpretation of the life and the genius that was Freddie Mercury and Queen! Must see!

I've never known a time when there was such a disconnect between critics and the audience. How is this average but the last Jedi a masterpiece in their eyes?The film is great as it tells a story but without being too in your face. You get enough of a feel for what Freddie's life was like without being too graphic. It's great to see a film maker be subtle.Remi himself is phenomenal as Freddie. The voice and mannerisms are on point and I hope an Oscar nod is coming his way. He portrays the loneliness that many geniuses feel. And the need to belong even though you have millions of fans.It also shows how far we've come with society's views of homsexuality and how far we have to go still. Again though a lot is the press. Luck at how they rounded on Elton john, George Michael etc. Freddie may not of wanted to be a poster boy for aids but his dignity showed you can be a sufferer without being a victim.The rest of the cast were great. From the tragic relationship with Mary to the equally tragic one with Paul prenter. Queen themselves are solid performers without stealing the lime light.The music scenes as well are great. The only reason I dropped a mark as I felt they could've shown the end of Freddie's life, but you don't feel cheated for it's omission.

Why did this movie get slated. All cast are amazing and all shine. Malek pulls off Freddie's personality and flamboyance perfectly. Just amazing. Nothing more to say. Watch this movie!!!!!

For the fans of Queen (among which I include myself) the movie is a blast! Seeing the characters play the real characters is a wonder; can see them outside a concert, relating to their environment, family, friends is very good!
The film is totally focused (or only focused) on Freddie Mercury's character, passing over the rest of the band's components, which are relegated to mere secondary characters.
The Live Aid Concert scene is memorable and practically identical to the original. Very well!!!
For my taste, the only flaw is that Rami Malek is a little less tall than the original Freddie.

What a wonderful film with outstanding performances. The entire cast was fun to watch, I was engaged for the whole ride, this was a fun film about one of the greatest bands to ever exist.

You know how your parents tell you about how good rock and roll was in their day? Well this is as close as you're going to get to telling your parents they were right. This movie is astonishing. The music is off the charts entertaining but of course you already knew that. The acting is perfect and take you through the life of what a rock star really is. Crazy partying as well as some personal struggles. The attention to detail and mannerisms of Rami Malek are spot on. Great movie that's enjoyable from start to finish.

Wow ðŸ˜², just returned from the cinema after seeing Bohemian Rhapsody. Brilliant film/rockumentary. Amazing performance by Rami Malek playing the role of Freddie Mercury.
Happy memories of seeing Queen and Freddie play live in the 70's and 80'sðŸ˜€ but really sad seeing his demise played out.ðŸ˜¢ An emotional roller coaster of a film and an amazing reconstruction of Live Aid put together by the film makers. A must see film for music fans. RIP Freddie, up there with the greatsðŸ™‚

Most "based on a true story" movies fail to bring you as close to the characters as this movie does. Is it accurate? No! It does follow most of the timeline and Queen and it's members though, and it takes on a ride back to the 80's. If you want a movie you can feel its depth, it's Bohemian Rhapsody

Totally enjoyable. Great music and acting Rami Malek will probably win Oscar.

An unforgettable expereince.
.
Rami malek was actually the QUEEN of this movie, its hard to notice all the other great preformances from the movie because Rami malek was outstanding, the movie showed how the world only focused on Freddie Mercury and not the band, and thats what i am doing now, his preformance was so beleivable and genuine. And i fell inlove with everything about it.I actually felt that i was one of the audiences at their concerts because of how brillaint each shot was.very much recommended.

Really enjoyed it, probably the best performance in Rami Malek career.Would recommend to go watch with friends even though they might not know much about queen, they will love the movie anyway!

Loved this. Reminded me of being a kid in the 80s. Dad loved Queen and recorded Live Aid.Very well acted and the music was phenomenal in the cinema!

A fantastic movie. May not be 100% factual and may be a rose colored glasses view of Freddie's life but who cares. The music of Queen is so brilliant. Remi "Mr Robot" Malek is brilliant as FM.

Loved this movie. Rami Malek deserves best actor for his portrayal of Freddie Mercury

Oscar winning performance by Rami Malek. Granted the music is great but the story of Freddi Mercury is fascinating.
One of the best movies of the year.

Freddie have touch the stars and alowed us unce upon the time to touch them as well.
Now, once again, Brian, Peter, Jim, Anthony, Remy and the rest of the crew made the same with this great, great movie. What a ride!
Thank you guys, well done, 10/10.

I went into the film with two chaps, as a woman not madly in touch with music for musics sake, I doubted it. BUT WAS DELIGHTED AND AMAZED! superb to hear the songs we knew and loved at the time, & how they were begun.
Ambiance and characters superb, Freddies parents house, the barn studio, it was all beautifully done. Clothes and cars were good, clever and creative film.

I couldn't believe it when I saw the bad critic reviews after watching this movie. Especially since I came out of the movie and all I wanted to do was listen to more queen! This movie is the perfect amelgimation between musical process and a rise to fame. The portrayal of Freddy's drug use and partying isn't glorified but used as a great contrast to how lonely and lost he is. And remi's performance as a whole was so believable there were times I forgot I was even watching a movie, that's how immersive it was.All I can say is see it

What a great movie. It just swept me along. Fine performances. Freddy lived life in the fast lane and sadly paid a high price. Such a talent. Such chutzpah. Such creativity. A really larger than life character that was born to perform. A true artist. I felt like I was really watching him. Wonderful!
Highly recommended.

Just felt the butterflies in the stomach again diving in the music. Memories of many cassettes with Queen albums, pirate copies on VHS of the concerts, and regrets that there will be no more. A teleportation to the youth age.
Great performance of all actors, and Brian May, you really master travel in time... you are identical.

Bohemian Rhapsody! First time a music based movie has let a everlasting impression on me after Almost Famous. It didn't deep dive on anything particular on Freddie's life or give too much focus on it. But it did showcase it enough for the audience to be aware of what he was and what he went through. A very neatly done feel good movie which comes with its mixed bag of emotions. Also, the part about the song gave me enough goosebumps to remind all of us why it always remain as a classic.

I actually witnessed the rock group Queen perform live with Freddy Mercury as front man not once but twice.The new biopic "Bohemian Rhapsody" portrays the legendary lead singer as a caricature much of the time. Because HE portrayed himself as a caricature. To us. However, the film allows the human being behind the faÃ§ade to reveal his soul, as well. It just chooses not to belabor the point.Mercury had reckless unprotected sex with countless men. We get it by way of several scenes in "Bohemian Rhapsody". And he was a vain, albeit massively insecure, prima donna. These points are established without beating us about the noggin about it.Much of the film's rousing soundtrack presented music I surprisingly wasn't familiar with. It was a most pleasant revelation. I've already downloaded these and several other songs from the iconic band for repeated listening enjoyment.And the music of the group is the point.Point, forevermore, well taken.

What a great time I had during that movie you have everything to make you laugh, crying, anxious, happy, anger, you have it all. I went to see the movie to know more about Freddy s life since I know just a little about him. All his songs are classics and big fan. And know i have been touch by his life and what a great show will be back to see it one more time.

There's one you, another how you see/want to be yourself and the third is how others see you.
Bohemian Rhapsody is trying, like some of us, to bring closer those 3 different Mercury-s. And they do a helluva job!
The story is, as much as the outsider fans knew, pretty accurate. I was even (gladly) surprised to see so much gay stuff in a PG13! The debauchery of emotions and artistry which was Freddie's trademark is dealt with great elegance. The balance between "this is a film about a Bohemian musical (his)tory, about Freddie and about Queen" is very touching.
The acting is brilliant, if Mr Malek doesn't get an Oscar or Globe for it, I don't know who else would!
Filming, direction, camera, editing, all that in spades! Of course, the sound is Queen perfect
Kudos for the Queen members who worked hard to pay such a tribute to Mercury's musical genius (yes) and to the band itself, an amazing symbiosis from which many people took inspiration and pleasure.

As a life-long fan of classic rock music, I highly anticipated this film, and it did not disappoint! Rami Malek and the other actors gave outstanding performances as the Queen band members. While the film displayed classic Hollywood artistic license by omitting or altering many facts, it still respected FM's legacy. I had to force myself not to sing along with the songs. There were many tearful moments as well. What a fantastic film!

Don't worry about the historical inaccuracies (there are many), just watch the pure joy as Rami Malek channels Freddie Mercury's pure joy of performing and contrasts it against his incredible loneliness of being a star with a secret. The casting is amazing and the sheer spectacle of the 1985 Live Aid performance is truly brought to life by every actor involved.

It's inevitable. Multiple biopics are now created on a yearly basis, and will continue to be made until the end of time. In my opinion, if not a single writer can come up with an original concept, then exploring the true story of someone or something is far more interesting than remaking a classic film. Bohemian Rhapsody is the latest in a long line of already released and upcoming biopics-and it's one of the most enjoyable theatre experiences I've had all year. Already thinking I knew a lot about this story before going in, I was pleasantly surprised by quite a few aspects of this story. Whether or not you're a fan of the band Queen or not, this movie has the makings of a film that can please many viewers. I thoroughly enjoyed watching this film, and here's why.I knew Bohemian Rhapsody was a movie that was going to heavily focus on Freddie Mercury over the rest of the band, which I thought was going to feel imbalanced, but the way his story is presented here makes it seem like his life had the most story to tell. From working at an airport to performing one of the most memorable concerts in history, this film takes you on a decade-long journey that's well worth your time. I was never bored, because it either wows you with spectacle, engages you with its drama, or has you guessing about where the film is going to take you next. It's not a perfect movie, but I think I can go as far as to say it's a perfectly made film in terms of its presentation.I'm always looking for a movie to break out of the cliched way of telling a biopic, but I will admit this film slightly suffers from that at times. It does feel like it jumps from year to year, simply hitting the most important aspects of Mercury's life, which is fine, but we've seen that structure throughout numerous films in the past. With that said, that's truly the only complaint I can come up with here. If you don't like listening to the music of Queen, then I feel that will also be a detriment to the movie for you, but that would just be personal taste anyway. For the movie that it is, it works extremely well.What surprised me the most about Bohemian Rhapsody was the performance by Rami Malek as the leading man. I've seen him countless times in the past, appearing as comedic relief in films like Need for Speed or the Night at the Museum franchise, but I've never seen him shine in a leading dramatic role before. If this performance doesn't put him on the map, I'm not sure what will, because I was blown away by his portrayal here. Even if this movie suffered from lazy writing or a lack of energy, Malek's performance would've still held my attention, and that says a lot, especially for someone who I never expected to perform like this.In the end, Bohemian Rhapsody benefits from great editing (which hardly jumps out at me very often), some very solid direction (controversy aside), concert sequences that will impress many viewers, and an overall brisk pacing, even with the lengthy run time. I had a blast watching this movie and even with all of the depressing elements of this story, it's always well-balanced with happier or energetic moments. Aside from the lead performance, I can't see this movie receiving many nominations, but I will say that I can see it becoming a fan favourite movie of 2018. This is the definition of a crowd-pleaser. Bohemian Rhapsody is a great theatre experience from start to finish.

I created an account just to rate this movie! The song created for the movie sound even better than the original ones, those being so old and you can feel the amount of feelings put in those songs. For me, better than Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley.

I was always a fan, but now I'm obsessed! The cast & their story is amazing! They truly LOVED their fans more than anything & wanted them to be part of the show. Not just spectators watching. There was so much about them we didn't know. Refreshingly appropriate enough to go back with my kids. They will love it. These guys were definitely on point! Almost forgot I was watching a movie!

What do critics know? 15 years of Queen history in 2hours

Really enjoyed this, from start to finish your full attention is given. Acting was spot on as well.

The only one missing in my family to see this was the true Queen fan but she had to work. Instead my other sister, nephew and my mom went to go see this and for the first time in what I think is ever we are unanimously loved this movie. I thought it was outstanding.The film starts out with Rami Malek (brilliant performance) as Freddie Mercury going from his mansion to the Live Aid concert until we go back to see just how the band got there. This was what I had been wanting to see from the film and how closely it recreates it because it was an amazing event and I never seen so many people until I saw that video.There is not a dull moment in this film. I can't say it accurately portrays the band, but I remembered a lot of stuff like Freddie playing the piano from his bed, the fact that he was gay. and that the band didn't always get along. The climax of the film, by the way, doesn't disappoint and it's amazing how accurate it was with the real event.Before I close this review, I must talk about the performances. Everyone did a wonderful job in the film but I think everyone will remember Rami Malek's portrayal as Freddie Mercury the most. I swear every single time he was on screen it was like seeing Freddie Mercury come to life. The way he is on stage is exactly how Freddie Mercury was. I'm not sure if he was really singing or not, but either way, he deserves to be nominated and I would lose faith in the Academy completely if he isn't.Queen fan or not, everyone should check out this movie. It is very inspirational, and a good representation of what it's like in the business. Mike Myers also does a cameo (an obvious thank you note for having his film Wayne's World putting them back on the map) and I didn't even recognize him until later in the film. I really need to see this film again now.

From start to finish this film is amazing. It will give you goosebumps. The Realness is breathtaking. It's heartwarming and heartbreaking. Freddie we love you and miss you. Queen use wore the best

What an amazing movie! This will be a favourite of mine for years to come!

Movie that can awake all of your emotions. I cried and i laughed,truly beautiful movie with an amazing cast. Exceeded all of my highest expectations.

My dad is a huge Queen fan. And I've been born and raised with their music playing in the background. I've been 8 years old, when Freddie died and I remember my dad cried. And that movie made me do the same thing. It's a joy to watch and huge credit goes to Rami Malek for doing almost impossible job - representing one of the best (if not the best, sorry, Mick) frontmans in rock music who ever lived. Other actors played really well too. The movie is sensitive, touching, but not too sweet or comical - it is made with respect and love and I see why filmmakers decided to get rid of Sasha. It was defo the right move and payed out big time.

OMG what a film - not a great Queen fan, I AM NOW.. Acting was amazing and the portrait of his life beautifully told.Not going say anymore - GO AND SEE THIS MOVIEWont be dissapointed

My friend and I recently went to watch this movie - we thoroughly enjoyed it, each and every bit of it. Loved the performances, the music, the storyline and the overall feel of the movie !!! It's very intense and moving.

The story has been "Hollywoodized" and is not just for Queen fans. Even if you have never heard of Queen, this would be an entertaining movie.Only disappointment is that the timeline of events is off. Apparently to fit it all into the movie.

What an amazing performance Rami Malik in won personal opinion played the best part of hes life and for a Second you feel Freddie mercury Come back to like the movie will take to emotional Journey And i will watch many many time i am in love

Rami was perfect...never forget ðŸ‘‘ Queen! Music was perfect! He was born to sign! The whole group is great!

Can't get enough of this movie. Heard critic reviews were bad but audiences love it, especially me. No movie is 100% accurate but members of Queen had a part in it so it's not like things were not approved. It made me laugh, tear up, and many times I wanted to jump out of my seat and cheer.. Live Aid made you feel like you were there. Rami absolutely deserves an oscar for his performance. This is now my favorite movie. I may be a little biased since I love Freddie and love Queen but for good reason. Go see it, it won't disappoint.

I strongly recommend this movie to anyone that is a fan of Queen and/or movie followers that enjoys biopics

However, it lacks depth about Freddie as a human and not as a musicals savant. Overall, it was a great rendition of the mythos behind some of pop culture's favorite songs.

When the movie came out, I immediately sprang to the critic reviews to see what the verdict was, and it didn't look good. I then find myself, perhaps a week later, stuck at the theatre with Bohemian Rhapsody as the only non-Grinch movie playing for the time I was there. So I walk in, and I'm like "I bet I won't be able to take this seriously". Boy was I wrong. This movie had me up and down, surrounded by the utter glory I had never before recognised as Queen. It was a masterpiece. I mean perhaps it wasn't the intellectually stimulating sort of movie I so snobbishly only watch, but it was amazing. If my boyfriend weren't there, I definitely would have cried. This movie had immersed me in a perspective I never knew, and a band so magnificent and deserving of its glory that I could barely understand how I hadn't recognised them as the revolutionaries they were. Amen. It was good as hell. WATCH IT

This movie was above excellent and Remi Malek did an awesome impersonation of Freddie Mercury, apparently the critics wanted more about Freddie than about the band Queen it was about both and told the story of how the music and band came together to achieve their greatness in rock history

We are not that fond of rock music, and chose to attend this movie largely because the competing films did not appeal very much. We were prepared to be disappointed. Instead, we were given a very good surprise. The movie held our attention throughout. The production values were good; the Direction was excellent; the acting was superb, and the music was presented from concept to performance in a compelling way. We came away thoroughly entertained. Without passing judgment on the accuracy of the facts or sequencing, we came away feeling that we were viewers of Queen in its formation, development and achiements. A memorable film.

So here's the deal... I heard about this movie being made over a year ago with Sacha Baron Cohen as Freddie Mercury. It was going to be R-Rated and focus on Freddie's sordid personal life. But thankfully Brian May, who served as a creative consultant on the film said "no way, this movie needs to be about the music" And that it was!!Bohemian Rhapsody is a movie for true fans of Queen; it's the celebration of some of the greatest songs of all time! And the recreation of the Live Aid Show at the end is one of the greatest performances I've ever seen on the big screen. This movie is powerful and an absolutely incredible experience!
It's about the music and wow, this movie totally delivers!! If you love the music of Queen you will love this movie!

It's amazing film - and great beautiful story. I think it's Oskar , and not one, maybe 2-3. Last 15 minutes I was crying

If you love movies and love music then this is match made in heaven ! Great movie from the first minute till the end !
Why as movie fans do we keep reading and listening to movie CRITICS, let's ignore them and listen to the people (like you and I) reviews. If we ignore them (critics) they might go away and not make money out of their clueless ONE-sided opionions !Go see this beautiful movie and I promise the people (reviews) will not let you down !Let's put CRITICS out of business !Cheers

I love this movie, i felt like I was in Queen concert to see their stage performance live!

If you grew up with the music and Queen , this is a superb bio. An emotional look the life of Freddie Mercury . Rami Malek nails it an will be an Oscar contender .

This is one of the best films I have seen in years, you can really believe that you are watching the band, amazing and a truely moving performances.
Heart breaking and funny
A beautiful portrait of an icon of our time.

Okay maybe it's not the best movie ever but the performances and music are so good that it fills you with happiness. Definitely worth seeing and award worthy acting by Malek.

The critics are wrong go and see it.
If you are a fan of the band go and see
If you are not a fan then go and see anyway you will end up being a fan
If you still don't like it well tuff you saw it anyway

As a music film lover there was no chance I was going to miss this movie. So I went to the cinema with the expectation of being entertained and hearing good songs but I can honestly say I was blown away. The extraordinary performance of Rami Malek as Freddy Mercury was stunning. The costumes, the hair and make-up the balance between historical accuracy and fiction, it all convinced me that I was a part of it and I loved it. When the curtain to the stage opened where the huge crowd awaited the show I wanted to take the steps out there together with the band and it gave me goosebumps.I expected light entertainment but got moved, absolutely brilliant!

Any massive Queen fan like me would have been full of emotions before seeing this movie. We all communicated our excitement through social media leading up to its launch.I made the mistake of reading several high-profile critic's take on the movie who were questioning accuracy of timelines etc. This put me in a nervous state walking into the theatre.But who cares. Trust me (and the thousands of other great reviews here) DON'T read the critics.This movie is a testament to the patience of Brian and Roger who took their sweet time to make this movie a tribute to the late, great Freddie.All the actors are incredible and Rami must be up for Oscar nomination. That was acting on every level and emotion. Also, the actor who played Brian was a pure reflection in looks and sound.I get emotional reading all the great reviews because it's us Queen fans whose thoughts mean the most - not critics.A massive thank you to Brian and Roger (and John) for this beautiful gift. I will watch again, then buy the DVD to treasure along with all my other Queen memorabilia.It was certainly worth flying from our beach-side town to a major city just to see it :)

This is a great movie, in spite of what the professional critics say. I either had the goose bumps or tears in my eyes throughout most of the film. Movie portrays the exciting and extremely SAD life of Freddie Mercury. He was a genius who birthed the vision for QUEEN. Those reviewers who state the movie is Fake because it doesn't represent his true life.... Look, we all know his life and how he lived it. They respectfully show enough tidbits of his inner demons and pain to make one remember-AH, yes, he was out of control, but kept the emphasis on the music, the band, the relationships, the feeling. You don't need to see more, you get it.
The LiveAid ending of this film will be remembered as one of the greatest movie endings of all time. No kidding, we were clapping, arms in the air, gasping in disbelief, crying. It was truly a moment.
Of course it MAY help if you were of age back then in '85 and actually saw it happen. But even if not, by this point in the film, if you have a soul or a penchant for nostalgia, you will gain much from this ending and leave with nothing but a feeling of melancholy & Love in your heart.
Long Live QUEEN!

Disappointment. That's the word floating through my head after watching this movie. As a casual Queen listener I wasn't very familiar with the band members or with Freddie in particular, except for the obvious - that Freddie was a flamboyant performer, was gay and died of Aids. And after watching this movie I can't say I now know a lot more about Freddie than just that. Yes, I do know now that Freddie actually had a girlfriend before coming out of the closet and that he was a very lonely man - something portrayed very good in this movie. But there is just not a lot of depth in the character. And don't even get me started on any of the other band members. I feel like I only got to know their names.This movie just jumps from one significant moment to the other. Oh, now Queen is recording this popular song. Oh now Queen is recording that popular song. Oh, now Freddie is suddenly gay because he looked a trucker straight in the eyes. There's just not a lot of story going on. It all feels like fan-service. And that's the conflicting thing about this movie. I did enjoy watching it, but looking back I realized that that's mainly because of the killer soundtrack. And to me, that's just not enough to make a good film. I also felt like the editing was a bit over the top at times. When showing just regular conversations there were cuts every second, which is just annoying.Fortunately, the soundtrack isn't the only good thing about this movie though. There's some cool camera movements, it has some humor and Rami Malek is great as Freddie. His costumes were as crazy as you would expect. My favorite part of the movie however is the final Live Aid performance. It's acted great, the music is fantastic and at times it's even emotional. The fake crowd was a bit distracting though. But even though it was my favorite part, I can't stop thinking about how it was also kind of unnecessary, which may sound strange. I mean, if I wanted to see the Live Aid performance I would just look it up on the internet and watch the real thing. The filmmakers could have used those extra 15 or so minutes to actually create characters and an engaging story. It's a shame, because now were left with an empty shell of a movie. A movie with potential, but a bad execution. Queen deserves better.

Never left a review before but feel compelled to after watching this film. Whether you are a fan or Queen or not , you cannot fail to be moved. The acting, direction, pace and of course soundtrack are absolutely spot on. Never at one point does the movie feel slow or boring. Its a genuinely incredible film with a particularly powerful performance from the lead role. He really deserves an Oscar for this. Total embodiment of the legend that is Freddie Mercury.Queen fan or not I strongly recommend you go and see this film. You will not be disappointed.Do not listen to the critics. Like the greatest showman they got this totally wrong.Still in awe of what i have just seen.

Coming from the millennial generation, this gave me a newfoundlove for the legends that are Queen. Chills throughout. After watching this movie I went back to watch old recordings - and the replication is exquisite.
Malek captured the essence of Freddie Mercury. A-Class from him.This is a masterpiece

... But this work of art is nothing short of astounding!
Beneath all these revealings of arguably the greatest rock band since the dawn of time, the real story and drama triumph over this - how emotionally lonely and fragile Freddie was and how that loneliness only grows until the importance of true family is realized.
The story and script concerning all band members are highly accurate, but the acting of this script is what REALLY hits the nail on the head in portraying their personalities; extremely convincing.
The overall form of the movie, I give a perfect 10.
Without giving away the ending, in my own words:
'Several endings occur at once'.
Watch. This. Movie.

Bohemian Rhapsody was probably one of the best movies I've ever seen. As a big Queen fan, I can say that some facts aren't really accurate in the timeline, but the movie was AMAZING.First of all, let's talk about the acting. God, Rami Malek's acting was absolutely incredible. He may not look exactly like Freddie, but he has the same expressions he had. I've seen other stuff with Rami, and he always was amazing, and BoRhap was no exception. The acting in general was really, really good too.Then, telling Freddie's life, I personally think they sugarcoated it too much. But it makes sense, since many young children were seeing it. Apart from that, it was pretty good.In conclusion, this movie was simply fantastic. I saw three times! And the music -I'm a big Queen fan- was incredible (duh). I really recommend it!

Going again today.... will be our 7th time seeing it. This is by far the best movie I've seen in ages. The person who picked the young men to play Freddie Mercury, Brian May, John Deacon and Roger Taylor did an amazing job. The young lady who played Mary Austin was perfect. Music was always important in my life when I was growing up. I loved the 1950's musicals and my sons played Queen records when they were young. I didn't expect to fall in love with this movie, but it was put together in a way that captures your heart. I must say it is a very emotional ride, so expect to shed a tear or two. JOB WELL DONE! I bet Freddie is doing a "happy dance" right now.

I know the majority of Queen's major hits but I am not a super fan but was surprised about how drawn into the movie I got. Although people point out that there were some inaccuracies in the timeframes and some aspects of Freddy's personal life were not fully explored I felt it was the perfect mix between story and music.

Sensitive, beautiful, funny and dramatic film! Rami Malek is a genius, and at moments I felt like I was inside a concert, watching Queen live!

It is the best movie i have seen in the last 25 yrs I may say; this movie definitely deserves few Oscars !
I will go and watch it again!
Congrats to the team for such a well done job!

I could not wait to see this film and was completely rewarded at it's completion. i have been a fan of the band my whole life, the music was always there. No matter which members have left us and those that remain, they are in the fans hearts forever and this movie explains precisely why.Story telling was great, acting was great, music was great, and the live reenactment was thrilling. I left the theater with only one question. Why did audiences forget that this is what a real band should be? I truly feel that contemporary music is tragically devoid of what Queen created and treated to the fans. Few bands create an audience like Queen and few bands have a fanbase that is so adept at knowing the catalog of music and the rhythm of a live concert. Live Aid is a great example of a well trained audience who loves a band with all their heart. Freddie said it best, "they sing the song because it's true", favorite line of the movie.Ready for multiple watches of this film, Thank you.

I'll make it short: I was born in the wrong decade!
I have loved Queen for so many years and have been so sorry that I was born too late too live in in the glorious days of Mr. Mercury.
Before going into the theatre I was afraid that this film wasn't gonna honour Freddie and Queen enough.
But my worries has unreasonable. This is a masterpiece, no less. The music, the acting, the direction, writing, all of it was on point! I sat shaking in my seat by the end, tears in my eyes, totally blown away - wishing that I was born 50 years ago.

It's not just a movie, it's an art. The portrayal of Freddie and the band is way above perfect, specially the LIVE AID concert. I had a regret for not being able to attend Woodstock and Live Aid but this movie almost gave me a feel of being a part of the crowd. There wasn't a single song which I wasn't singing while it was on the screen. I felt so connected. Rami nailed it. Though he's been nailing every role but this was different. He proved he's worth it.

This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Don't wait until it comes out in DVD - see it on the big screen now. Rami Malek is sensational as Freddie Mercury

I saw it in IMAX
the sound and picture was great !!
will see it again

In a few years, this will be one of those movies that's frequently on television, and even though you've seen it more than once, you'll still stop & watch it every time. It's a beautiful movie and it'll make you miss Freddie like you missed him on the day you found out he'd left us. He made this world a better place and this movie made me miss him like I knew him personally.

I don't know what movie these so called reviewers saw, Bohemian Rhapsody was great! Sorry to break it to you, it's not a documentary. It's an entertaining movie about Freddy Mercury and Queen. Great performances and great music!

Best movie I've seen in a looong time. Rami Malik is masterful, but so is the rest of the cast. The absolute greatest ending scene of a movie ever. Period.

Wow....amazed... awed....touched...happy....sad...I am overcome with so many emotions watching this movie, never thought it would be that great, always been a fan of "Bohemian Rhapsody" " Queen" " Faroukh Bulsara aka Freddie Mercury" but the movie was just awesome.... the casting is without a doubt flawless, Rami Malik is beyond belief as an actor, his portrayal of Freddie, his looks, his enactments, his lip singing (I guess it's Freddie's voice) everything just blew me away.If it's only one movie you watch this year, watch " Bohemian Rhapsody"I hope the movie, the casting, the director, the actors and the music all win multiple awards.

This is one of the best (if not the best) films I've ever seen! I usually don't go to the cinema that often but I'm going to see this one a second time and probably a third time too. I cried for the whole last half an hour, it was soooo good!
There are quite some things in the movie that didn't happen in reality, but hey, it's a movie, not a documentary. 9 stars instead of 10 because they left out some very important scenes in order to make it not too long. I mean, the song Bohemian Rhapsody is quite long (six minutes) so why can't the movie be three hours?
Rami Malek did a freaking great job playing Freddie. Sure, he doesn't very much look like him, but the whole personality and movements are on point!

Yep, this is the story of Queen, or at least the story from when they first came together as a band to their performance at Live Aid, which is apparently gone down as one of the greatest rock performances of the modern era. Me, I'm not so sure but then again I wasn't there, and even if I did watch it, I was too young to remember, except that I was made to go to be by my parents because I had to get up and go to church in the morning, and while I did catch a glimpse of the Phillidelpia set the next morning, they seemed to have more pressing issues than me watching a rock and roll extravaganze. Hey, at least my parents let me watch some of it, so that is saying something.
Well, the story is pretty interesting, though to be honest with you, it really isn't all that much different to what you would get from the story of most other rock bands. You know, sex, drugs, rock and roll and all that, or at least where Freddy Mercury is concerned. In fact it seemed as if the other members of the band were actually a lot more straight laced than Freddy, having families and all that. Yet Freddy is the face of the band, the guy who is basically an entertainer, and boy did he know how to pull off a stage performance. I guess that is why Adam Lambert fits in so well with what remains of the band these days (John Deacon has basically called it quits, though Roger Taylor and Brian May still travel about).
So, while the movie is about the band, in many ways it is also about Freddy. A guy who probably didn't fit in all that well with the people around him, namely because everybody saw him as a Packie, yet from that first performance when he stunned the university crowd, to that day at Live Aid where he literally stunned the world, there was a guy who really seemed to be able to live it up.
Yet it is also a story of how many of these rockers live fast and die young, and comparatively speaking, Freddie did die rather young, namely due to the aids virus, which is kept secret from the world until the day before he died. Mind you, that last album of theirs, Made in Heaven, is pretty depressing, as a friend, and a big Queen fan himself, admitted. I guess with me A Kind of Magic was probably their last great Album, though The Miracle did have a couple of good tracks on it, as did Innuendo. In fact, I believe the Kind of Magic tour was basically the last tour that they were able to perform, with Freddy really entering the final stages of the disease - back in those days it didn't matter how much money you had, Aids was a death sentence.
Yet I'm sure that Freddy hadn't taken the moustache look when they had written We Will Rock You, and sure enough when I go to You Tube and play the original clip he hadn't. The other thing was that there was no mention of the video clip that they had produced to promote their song Bohemian Rapsody, and honestly, from what I have heard, that song actually propelled the whole idea of the video clip into the main stream - before that it was just bands playing on live studio sets.
Look, I'm going to say that I did like the film, but in the end, despite me being a huge Queen fan (even though I only own two of their albumns, and one of them is a Greatest Hits Album - where did all the others go), this is still basically a biography of a band, and the only reason I went to see it was, well, because it was Queen.

This film is absolutely fantastic and everything I expected and imagined plus so much more. I thought it wasn't possible but the film made me love Queen even more. Truly a masterpiece

The acting was superb! If Best Actor Academy Award is not given for this film, there's no justice! Some of the scenes were a bit melodramatic but such is life. I find myself in such situations I am sure a camera is running somewhere. I loved every minute of it! I didn't want it to end. This movie is a Champion!

8/10 : A must see for generation X, the Live Aid performance was well done, I can tell you coz I went to that gig, he stole the show by a very long shot.... he made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end ...the rush was of his performance was epic, I hate to say it, but was mystical, on that day he had everyone of the 100k+ people in the palm of his hand, I've never seen anything like that before or since..

I wanted to love this movie I really did. I was blown away by the first scene of the film and Malik's likeness to Mercury. Sadly, after this I grew even more disappointed. The way they have written this is so formulaic and boring unlike Queen's ethos. The whole thing just seemed like a Hollywood adaptation to the story and a money making opportunity.Freddie Mercury was a fascinating character and to try to understand him we had to have an insight into the way he lived his life. Unfortunately with the age rating of the film there's no way they could do that. They've exchanged reality for a Family-friendly movie and it really misses the mark.

Wow what an energy gave this movie. Especially the last half hour. It felt i was live in wembly in front of stage. Congratiolations, what an performance

This is not the best movie ever made, it doesn't have the best plot, and it doesn't play all the hits all the way to the end. Boo boo! It's a movie not a concert. Having said that the audience I was in were stamping their feet, clapping their hands and behaving like they were in a concert and it was fantastic!Other movies may come along in time that delve more into Freddie's psychy but I don't care, I loved this movie with all its historical inaccuracies because it did what it was supposed to, it reminded me how brilliant Freddie was.

First of all, some people here - the most fanatical fans of Queen - have to stop writing two-sentence reviews, like "genius movie, Oscar for Rami Malek" & give 10 stars, because this is what makes the review biased and dishonest. I'm also a fan of Queen and Freddy himself, but the same time I graduated film school and I love cinema, that's why I also like to be as objective as possible in my reviews of movies. Here I will try to make my criticism honest, substantive, and not too long (so that everyone wants to read it).Yes, sometimes professional film critics are deliberately malicious, and their opinions are detached from reality, but sometimes they are also right, and in the case of 'Bohemian Rhapsody', this is the second.The film distorts a lot of facts from Freddy and Queen's life, and if these were unimportant events - I would not care at all, but these are important things and especially in a biographical film this should not be done, just to make the movie more dramatic. Fred's life was dramatic enough, if only the creators of the film really wanted to make an interesting movie, they would go even deeper into Mercury's childhood and the fact he escaped with his family, against persecution, from his own homeland. And this in turn could be the starting point / foundation for a deeper, better portrait of the Queen singer.Unfortunately, there is no depth here, the worst part is that this film is schematic, completely flat, only glides over important topics, does not carry out any serious psychological analysis of such a fascinating, complicated character that Freddy was.
I don't accept excuses of the most fanatical fans of Queen (who cannot come to terms with the fact that many critics / reviewers, very rightly criticize this movie), that "this is the story of the band and not Mercury himself". Because firstly, one does not exclude the other: it was possible to include in the scenario a deeper analysis / truth about Freddy and the band, and secondly the band's history is also poorly told. The best moment of a rather boring, long-lasting, first half of the movie is the recording of '' Bohemian Rhapsody '', a humorous accent with a rooster and Galileo. The rest is a fast, also quite jumping and chaotic montage of musical scenes depicting, carelessly, subsequent tours and writing of individual hits, and while I understand that in a 2-hour movie it is not possible to show each creative process in the smallest detail, it was still possible to show it better from the pov of the characters - band members, thus also build better and deeper characters in this film.The second half is better, I admit, both in terms of pace and in terms of writing/story, and the icing on the cake is the Live Aid concert, so really the edn. The performance, photos, acting of the main actor is at the highest level in this scene, unfortunately it is not enough to save this movie from failure.Malek's acting, imo, certainly doesn't deserve an Oscar nomination. He tries his best with an empty and schematic scenario, and the writers / director's mistakes are not his fault, true, but Oscar is an award for outstanding acting performances, which are not limited to robotic mannerism, it must be accompanied by the psychological, emotional depth of the portrayed character, and there is no such depth in this film, in this main character. The only really emotional scene that attempts to penetrate into Freddy's soul is the scene of conversation between Fred& Mary, first at Fred's house and then in the rain. It is here, that Malek's creation is the truest and the best.Unfortunately, when we look at this role through the prism of the whole film, majority of Malek's work is the mentioned mechanical mannerism - perfectly recreated- but it is not enough to rate this role positively, let alone reward it with an Oscar nomination. Imitative mannerism, gestures, faces alone - it is only a skeleton, an acting sketch, especially in a biographical film, and not a full, beautiful, complex image, which should be any biography. There is simply no soul in this act, and it's just a crime if you play a figure as extraordinary, colorful and complicated as Freddy Mercury.
In addition to the obvious mistakes of screenwriters and director, Malek himself (for me), does not rise to the task. Sometimes he is just Mercury caricature, and large, artificial teeth don't help to erase this impression, in fact, the opposite. The make-up department didn't do good job here, famous teeth of Queen frontman could have been done better, much more subtly, it would look less ridiculous. Returning to Rami Malek - he is still a young talent who - like any actor - needs more workshop and acting experience, plus really good material, to really shine. That is why I predict Rami Malek will not win an Oscar.I still think that the great mistake of the Bohemian Rhapsody creators, was to part ways with Sacha Baron Cohen. When I found out that he had left Mercury's biography project, I felt it was a big mistake from film producers, because I was sure Cohen wanted to tell an uncompromising, interesting story, not forcedly smoothed , and it seems, my intuition did not disappoint me then. Cohen, a remarkable & colorful character like Freddy, would have fit in perfectly in this role. In addition, after hearing the interview, in which Cohen told why he finally left the movie and what vision of Mercury he had - I regret even more that it was not him who played the Queen main singer. People, who can't stand Cohen (they don't understand him) say it's good that he was replaced by Malek, because Sacha supposedly only meant/wanted controversy and scandals, that he would show Freddy only as crazy sex addict, taking drugs and nothing else. However, all of this are just primitive attacks, not supported by logic.Whoever saw 'Borat' and really understood the message behind it, knows that Cohen is an extremely conscious and intelligent actor / artist, at the same time, I will repeat: extraordinary like Freddy. He is a master of imitation, a master of using various accents, a great actor and, additionally, he can sing very well - which he showed in his role in '' Les MisÃ©rables ''. Cohen's strengths don't end there, because physically, with stature, he is much closer to Freddy (who was a well-built man) than frail Malek, has naturally dark eyes and hair, and with a bit of characterization, I have no doubt that he could have been the most wonderful Freddy Mercury. What's more, if he was allowed to do what he wanted with this role - to portray Freddy as a complicated, controversial figure, with a great appetite for life, but also a great artist who mixed the big ego with great sensitivity and shyness - I have no doubt that it would be a great role. Now it's just a missed opportunity.As a result, we got schematic, "polite" movie, ironically - because Freddy Mercury, as well as the entire Queen, were as original, unapologetic and creative as you could be and deserve much better. Sorry, but real Queen fan, who wanted raw, real, complex, deep, uncompromising truth and story - just cannot like this movie. Mercury and all the Queen story has so much potential (wasted in this movie), which is weird to say and how it all turned out, considering living Queen members were involved in this movie. Sorry guys, you did awful job. I guess I'll just wait for another movie, bold and great this time, I hope.

The film was far far better than I expected, extraordinary one ! Freddie Mercury is legendary and Rami Malek is such a brilient selection to represent that amazing man. An inspiration indeed.

The movies value is only for the acting, props and mainly, Queens amaizing music. The plot is politically sabotaged, to please the crowd that just wants more of these sexually orientated stories. Mercury was genius musically and the BAND, as he said, is just as important, they should of showed that, the friendship and composing it took for the records. The movie shows only the pitty the film makers want us to have towards Fredy, just as he didn't want. Plain stupid. I regret my time wasted.

A wonderful adaptation of Freddie Mercury and the Queen. Loved the the transition on how the Queen began to the Queen we know of today. Witnessing the Live Aid on screen, truly gave me goosebumps. I wonder how it would feel like witnessing the concert live. MAMA!!!

I like the music of Queen. I was hoping to see a biopic and learn something about them; especially seeing that Taylor and May are behind this. Unfortunately, like in art, truth has been sacrificed for image. What we have is the sanitised version I guess they would have us believe. Problem is, we were there. It did not happen they way they were telling us. This film, then, screws with your mind, and leaves you wondering if what you know is true actually was how you remember things. (And thanks to proper research, history vastly outweighs this version of truth.) But what is truth? Queen are awesome. Mercury is a legend. The music will live on. Perhaps for musical entertainment and experience, they should have made "We Will Rock You", and stuck in a rockumentary as an extra on the Blu-Ray. I guess "management" are happy with the truth they are trying to sell us; but as an audience member who lived through those times, it's leaves you slightly dazed, slightly confused, and slightly unsatisfied. Get acting, costumes and production values though; cast and crew certainly gave 100%.

Malek is so multi talented. I loved the entire movie! The audience clapped and waited until the credits ran. I was a teen at that time and listened to Queen but didn't really know anything about Queens story. Just incredible! The movie... the music ... very moving! I need to watch it again on the big screen. I was crying at times.

This movie starts similar to many bios with hope and excitement. Then it gets fun even a bit of funny, far less than the trailers would lead you to believe. Then the remainder of the movie gets awkward that turns sad. The cartoonish buck teeth fired on the actor playing Freddy appear to cause him a lot of discomfort and there are SO MANY close ups of his mouth as the actor struggles with the gargantuan teeth it becomes a distraction to an otherwise brilliant portrayal. The movies reviews make it sound like a fun lark, a rockin roll romp, full of Queen up beat songs and good times. Not accurate.

I grew up with Queen and am a huge fan. This movie was an insult to the entire band. Irritating and disappointing to watch. The story line concentrated on Freddy and the directing was really really bad. The acting wasn't anything to write home about either.
I spent 2 hours waiting for the movie to hit the mark and it never did.
Such a tragedy of what could have been a brilliant movie about a brilliant band. A complete waste of time and money.

One of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It made me laugh and cry and I got goosebumps. Must see!

Perfectly done. Everyone was great. Didn't want the movie to end.

I am shocked by the negative critic reviews for this movie. I don't understand their thinking behind such negative scores. I've been a giant Queen fan my entire life and this is exactly what I wanted to see. The music was fantastic, obviously, and the performance by Rami was unbelievable. Really, I don't see too many flaws. It's a crowd pleaser and an emotional story.If you're a fan of Queen, or just a music fan in general, see this movie. Ignore the critics.

Rami is an excellent actor, but casting him in this role lacked the physical prowess of Freddie. Also, the teeth prosthetic seemed to disturb Rami's speech, much mumbling. A lot of the rave reviews here seem to be based on sentimentality rather than objective criticism.

I am a Queen fan and I was absolutely blown away by the film and wanted to see it again as soon as it finished. Please ignore the critics who wanted a sordid exploration of Freddie Mercurys private life and follow the masses who have seen the film and celebrated the life of Freddie and the music of Queen.
The casting is absolutely perfect, Remi Malek was brilliant and deserves recognition for an incredible portrayal.

I was already convinced after my first time watching it that any Queen fan would love this film. It left my friends and me emotional and enthused.My mum, a long-time Queen fan (she has even seen them live in 1982) and her best friend, talking about the movie non-stop even months before it came out and absolutely enthralled after seeing it two times already, had this idea to organize a private Bohemian Rhapsody screening at our local cinema.
About 150 people can fit into this small venue and we were inviting people left and right, friends, family, telling them all to bring their friends and family.In the end, we actually had an entire room filled; around 115 of our own people showed up and the variety was remarkable: We had anyone between the age of 7 and 85; men, women, teenagers, parents, grandparents, long-time Queen-fans and people who only knew a song or two. By far not everyone considered themselves a Queen fan, some merely came along for a nice Sunday evening at the movies. In the end, the room was packed, the rest of the seats were given to some confused visitors.A movie screening with friends and familiy is definitely worth it, the atmosphere was brilliant and I still had goosebumps after my third time seeing it. What is so special about this film is that it really does bring the generations together. Many of my friend's parents (I am 22) came along for nostalgic reasons and because they actually remember this time. Others were music fans or hobby musicians and loved the movie as a musical spectacular. But like I mentioned already, some people saw the film with no expectations whatsoever and they were still ALL blown away. I have not recieved a single complaint or bad word about the film.In conclusion can be said that the people truly have spoken. A big group of various age and taste was enchanted and highly entertained by Bohemian Rhapsody and that's why I can wholehartedly say that this film is absolutely amazing and a blast for anyone who sees it, not only fans.It really does do justice to a bunch of true legends. Cheers x

As a sentimental trip back in time I suppose it works. As a movie it sucked. Too many wooden performances and it didn't tell me anything I didn't already know. To be fair I was never a big Q fan. Never bought an album. I preferred my rock with a little less pomp but with a bit more meat on the bones. Somebody to Love will always be their finest 5 minutes.

Its extremely hard to put in words what i felt after the after the end credits when the movie finished. 5th week and still running strong. I did hear some mix reviews about the fim from various people but i decided to go just to get my weekly movie fix. And i am so glad i did. Brilliant acting with an amazing storyline.Rami malek literally embodies Freddy mercury to the T. Also, the rest of the cast was spot on. Be the the band members, talent managers, EVERYONE! The last 15min is a jaw dropping live concert from Live Aid.You will watch this film with a smile on your face and there is hardly anything to critique this film on.Just finished downloading the entire discography of queens on my phone.

Bohemian RhapsodySinger's adaptation of the ups and downs of Freddie Mercury and the infamous Queens, is barely of the quality that their music was. This is an unstable feature. Fumbling down the road, it drags, leaps and skips out all the crispy and husky bits that actually makes it appetizing. There are only few genuine moments that gives you the electrifying feeling of the stage and that too can only be achieved if the audience reaches out for the makers. It doesn't serve you its thrills and chills like it should.It makes you work hard for it. It makes you earn its sweet and juicy moments. It is a very difficult feature to watch. The uncomfortable in the uncertainty that the entire trajectory is covered under, itches you till the last frame of the feature. It is so bizarrely confined in its world that it never grows beyond its frizzy bubble. Even the last act, to which the entire feature builds up to, is so under pressure that it collapse before it even builds itself up.Singer is working so hard to make your feet groove that you can practically watch him sweat behind the screen. And that is so not a delightful sight to encounter. And in that ten to twelve minutes of a sequence, he barely draws out a nod from the viewers. The rest of the personal experiences of Freddie Mercury that is depicted in here, is so non cinematic that none of the drama conveys the message clearly. Again, it is so poorly constructed and written with such dull skills, that it comes off as two guys sharing the moments by reminiscing about it and they neither care nor feels to share the actual momentum of that chapter.The first act is your usual rise and fame dipped with mistakes and hints imputed by tiny innuendos that would give away the rest of the act. And the middle one, are just series of events that you have already predicted, being performed and projected with none whatsoever energy or enthusiasm from the makers. The editing is the major conundrum of the feature. It is not well shot or molded out. It is benign and juvenile at times, that it looks like it is mocking its own concept. It takes its material for granted and fails to communicate the gravitas of that feeling or moment. Malek is investing all his chips in. And you can point that out easily. His study on the lead singer of the Queen is plausible and way too technical.It is so mechanical that it is left out a bit dry. There is no depth in his eyes, it is always calculative. He doesn't go with the flow. He is measuring the crust of his performance which makes it less and less shallow. He has given enough range by the writers, McCarten and Morgan, to flaunt his skills and create a powerful impact on the viewers, but at those times the feature grows weak. Bohemian Rhapsody should have had the performance of the year and should have been the musical of the year, at least it had the potential to, but it's nothing more than a swing and a miss.

All biopics are linear to a degree, but this takes it to a new level. The music is great, the storyline average and the acting weak. Like my soufflÃ©s, it sagged in the middle and I spent the last hour and fifteen minutes willing the end to arrive.I felt I should enjoy it more, but was left feeling I would have been better off serving up some of their albums on Spotify. Save your money - play an album.

I went with slightly mixed feelings because of the critics' reviews but they were WRONG! This is a brilliant film and the 2+ hours just flew by. Superb acting from all. To find people who look like Queen and can also act was a stroke of good luck. Of course, it goes without saying that the music was spinetinglingly amazing and I think Marc Martel should get greater recognition for his Freddie vocals. I know his voice well and it mirrors Freddie's so accurately. Some have pointed out that the time line isn't strictly accurate but I can easily forgive that. Best entertainment for a long time.

Rami Malek is perfect as Freddie Mercury. I'm so glad they didn't go with SBC. The rest of the cast is on point as well. The transitions over the timeline are wonderfully cheesy. I won't be surprised if this movie has several Oscar nominations (at the very least). Hopefully we will see Rami in more lead roles after this movie and Mr. Robot!

Critics are a funny lot. They sing high praises to movies that are absolutely boring and then lambast films that are a joy to watch. Bohemian Rhapsody suffered the same fate from these so called critics, but believe me just ignore them because this movie is outstanding to say the least. My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed the movie from start to finish. I will watch it again.

Hugely enjoyable. It's certainly not perfect; the influence of Brian May and Roger Taylor can be felt at times when scenes start to feel a bit rose-tinted, but Rami Malek superbly portrays the lonely, conflicted, tortured genius that was Freddie Mercury. Gwylim Jones, Ben Hardy, Joe Mazzello and Lucy Boynton are all excellent too and the music, of course, rocks!

I watched this movie because I have heard the songs somewhere. I found myself pleasantly surprise and had to watch this movie in the theaters 3 times. I also know their story and know more of their songs.

I have never written a review, but I had to for this movie. Rami Malek is simply amazing in this role. It's a must see.

Couldn't even believe how wonderful this movie was. It lived up to everyone's hype. It left the theaters where I live today. Make certain you get to see it on the big screen before it leaves if it's in your city. It's so worth it.

Brilliant film. Could have cried at a few places easily. Once looking things up on Google there's a few facts that aren't spot on however this will be to fit it into the time available

I was not born when queen was popular but I consider myself to be an old soul. I love the music that comes from these decades. When I saw the trailer for this movie I knew I had to see it. I loved it. Rami Malik is great as Freddie and the movie is both funny yet emotional. There are a lot of great suprises along the way and you will leave the movie uplifted.Best parts:
The back story
Behind the scenes of the music
Need I say more...the music
The cats
Omg the cats.
Two words: Live. Aid.I saw both Bohemian Rhapsody and A Star is Born and both are good but if you are looking for a movie that's happy and uplifting pick this one. I would definitely watch this again. I saw many movies this year, but this was probably the best one.10/10

Firstly a big thumbs up to the studio, producers and the crew for taking on a very sensitive biopic.This film is devastatingly beautiful. So very well acted and the understated emotions come through like an arrow in your heart.Rami Malek. Holy cow! Freddy would be proud !The casting that was spot on. I truly believed it was Brian May in the movie.God bless. You really did punch a hole in the sky.

The casting was very well done, the sound was terrific and the story was thoughtful enough without trying to make up some hidden deeper meaning to pander to the pretentious movie critics.
Don't go into this thinking that you're going to come away with an accurate biographical story of a musician whose life was cut far too short. The timelines don't mesh with what really happened or in the proper chronological order but that doesn't take away from what is a good if toned down storyline. The music is the central theme as much as Freddie and they do a great job with it. It felt like being at a rock concert throughout many of the scenes and the recreation of Live Aid was amazingly spot on including the performances of the cast.
I loved Queen's music growing up and this movie was a great reminder of why.
Simply an enjoyable nostalgic time out at the movies.

Some people don't like this film because they feel it is not historically correct. I tend not to want to know very much about the private lives of rock stars et al, so I can't really comment on the factual accuracy of this film.But in my view this does not matter; this film is not meant to be a history lesson and apart from any upset that might be caused to those who feel misrepresented I don't think factual accuracy is needed.What this film is an engaging account of the life of Freddy Mercury. It can be a bit maudlin, and some of the characters are one dimensional but it matters not. Malek's performance is a tour de force of acting, and if you let yourself you simply get carried along with the energy. Mercury was an elemental force in the music scene and here we get the chance to hang on to his coat tails and enjoy the ride.A splendid, entertaining 2 hours.

I now actively go out of my way to watch films the critics slate as they seem to constantly get it wrong and its almost as if they want to appear cool by giving negative reviews if you found this film anything other than thoroughly entertaining i feel sorry for you

Absolutely brilliant. Rami deserves an oscar. Every bit of it was amazing

The only person who could play Freddie Mercury better than Rami Malek would be Freddie Mercury himself. I was blown away by the cast of Bohemian Rhapsody. The story was incredibly well written and there was never a lull. The cast meshed together so well and I think that made their ability to perform playing legends like Queen even better. This was the first time I've seen Rami Malek's acting but I know he's been on the radar for years. His ability to transform into Freddie Mercury goes beyond makeup & wardrobe. His mannerisms and the confidence you know Freddie Mercury for having were so important for whatever Actor ended up with the part to nail. The efforts they made to recreate their iconic Live Aid performance was incredible. There were times when I actually became overwhelmed watching Rami Malek play Freddie. He was one of the most talented musicians in history and it's a huge task to try living up to that but it was like Rami Malek was born to play this role. He was just that incredible. It's especially apparent at the end of the film where old footage of Freddie Mercury performing with Queen is played as the credits roll. I got my intro to Queen after begging my mom to buy me Wayne's World when I was 12. Until last year when the announcement this biopic was in the works I didn't even realize I was a Queen fan. I clicked on a Queen greatest hits album that was trending on iTunes only to discover that songs I'd been listening to whenever they came on the radio were not by different bands as I had thought. Queen was just so exceptionally talented that their sound never stopped evolving and it was impossible to hear a song by them and know right away who the artist is. If you're debating seeing this movie, stop. Get in your car, and go to the theater. Zero regrets. If Rami Malek doesn't at least earn a Best Actor nomination for his role as Freddie Mercury this year I won't even bother watching the Academy Awards. Personally, I think they ought to just give it to him now. He's was simply the perfect man to play Freddie.

Freddie Mercury is a legend,the queen is a legend.This is gonna be my Top.1 movie in my whole life!

Just got back from watching this movie. Rami Malek's portrayal of Freddie Mercury is Oscar worthy! The whole movie was entertaining and it gives you an insight of how Queen was formed and the driving forces behind its incredible success. We LOVED it!

I knew very little about Queen before seeing this movie and wasn't familiar with their music aside from their top 10 hits. I mainly wanted to go because I was a big fan of Rami Malek's from watching Mr. Robot. I was also infatuated with how completely Malek seemed to embody Freddie Mercury in the side-by-side comparison photos I kept seeing for the film.While I was mostly riveted throughout the whole film, thanks to Malek's dedication to the character, I was disappointed repeatedly each time it would get to an interesting aspect of Freddie's life, such as his relationship with his parents, only to have the scene end a minute or two later and then it would cut back to the studio.Multiple times throughout the film I felt like I was watching a VH1 behind the scenes documentary of Queen rather than a biopic of Freddie Mercury. This feeling was cemented when the last 20 minutes of the movie was used to recreate an uncut Live Aid performance easily viewable on YouTube. I would have much rather they condensed the Live Aid performance into a 5-minute highlight montage and used the other 15 minutes to share more of Mercury's off-stage life. The cinematography was wonderful though for a lot of the performance scenes. A lot of swooping that made you feel like a bird watching the shows. A couple of the shots took my breath away.Despite these shortcomings, I absolutely loved this movie. It might have only touched on Freddie Mercury's life but it made me laugh, it made me cry and even better, it ignited a curiosity about Freddie and the band that has resulted in me listening to every Queen album repeatedly. I now completely understand why this band, and especially Mercury, were worth making a movie about. It's not often I come across a band who is so experimental musically, has such a charismatic, engaging, talented front man and encourages each other to pursue personal projects as well. This band got each other and embraced their differences rather than allow them to cause a divide.I guess in that way the movie succeeded because it led me to become a huge fan of their lesser known music and I have a whole new admiration and respect for Queen. Freddie Mercury was incredibly private and protective of his personal life. Since this film was helmed by his loyal surviving band mates, it only makes sense that the film feels like a tribute rather than an exposÃ©.

This is a movie for those who are fans, young or old, you will tap your shoes, sing, laugh and cry all of it when enjoying one of the best bands ever. The crowd CGI is astonishing, especially in the Live Aid scene.

Having recently watched A Star is Born, which devastated me with its naked poignancy and surreal performances from Gaga and Cooper, I'd been influenced by the negative critic reviews for this biopic of Queen and almost didn't watch this movie, despite everyone I know telling me it was a 'must see'. I was dragged along with the family, and as someone who grew up singing every lyric to every Queen song as a child, I was blown away by how brilliantly the movie was conducted, and how cleverly the Director took our emotions up and down. Mercury's treatment in the movie is rightfully respectful, and I hope the journalists who mauled him about his sexuality watch this film and bow their heads in shame. This movie won't win as many Oscars as A Star is Born, but it deserves at least one.

My first IMDB review, because this movie deserves one. Wow, wow, wow! Freddie reborn! As a massive Queen fan, I felt incredibly blessed that I was able to experience this on the big screen. As a child I had not seen Live Aid on TV, but this felt like a second chance at that. I love that they made the concert experience so insanely real. All the little details are there. I love that that's how they ended the movie, a celebration of the music, the band and the artist.

I have already seen it twice. I will happily see it again. And again. A tribute to the music and a respectful look at the ENTIRE band. Freddie's lifestyle is dealt with in a respectful manner without making it the focus of the film. His genius is.

This movie, I mean is a master piece. So detailed. He pulls off so good playing Freddie, the way he walks the way he talks the ticks everything. Is just beautiful. So much that I needed to remind myself during the movie that that guy was not Freddie, but an actor. I also felt like singing and applauding all the time.

I've seen a lot of films in my life but let me just say that this film was just spectacular. I was a young lad when Freddie died I still remember it to this day, there music has always been with me through good and bad, and to watch this film just took my breath away. Ok some bits are missing and it would have been great to have seen a bit of the magic tour and the build up to that. Putting that to side though what a story, what a fantastic casting in whole, what an amazing emotional rollercoaster of a film. GO see it, andif you don't see it make sure you add it to you DVD/download library.

I felt part of the story and band. It was intoxicating! I saw Queen once when I was in my early 20's. Freddie always made us feel like we were part of the concert or he was part of the audience! True ability to connect the audience and the music! A must see of one of the best performers in the world and my lifetime!

So, you think you can shame this movie? You either have no musical taste or you have ill intentions. None of your slur prevented me excitedly running to see "Bohemian Rhapsody". I could give Rami Malek a standing ovation for bringing Freddie back to life. Utterly amazing, super entertaining fantastic movie...

I'm not a fan of Queen. I like a few songs but rarely listen to them. In addition, I do not like biographical films about bands. A few hours ago I left the theater completely dismembered. I would not go so far as to place "Bohemian Rhapsody" among the best films of all time, and I can not rate it a straight ten because it has its flaws, but I do not want to analyze it, because this time the technicalities are completely irrelevant. Although one part around the middle was quite boring, it could not spoil the overall impression. The great selection of actors and their even better performances, excellent music and some of the best songs ever written, and perfect balance of touching drama and good humor completely hypnotized me, so I spent most of the film either in tears or loudly laughing, and often both simultaneously. A little more than two hours flew by in a flash and left the impression that will hold me for days. Do not miss the opportunity to see this film at the cinema, unless you have a really superb sound system at home.9/10

I'm 45 and I am Queen's fan. But my son, 18 years, listens to totally different kind of music; yet, when he went to see BO, HE was BLOWN away! So I persuaded my mother, 67, to see the movie with me (she used to tell me that Bohemian Rhapsody was mu favourite song at the age of 2. English is not my mother language). And, Oh boy! We both sang, laughed, cried, sang... all the way. Younger crowd arround us wasn't singing, but everything else was there in the air! Great film makers did really excellent job and I hope that most people decide to watch and appreciate it. Because they will enjoy it! And whether this movie win Oscars or not, in my book, Bohemian Rhapsody DID deserve Oscars, in more than 1 category. Sure, it's not flawless. But, really, really, don't miss it. I wish Freddie&Queen live FOREVER!!!

Queen, arguably the best group of all time, get a movie which does that great band justice. Anyone that loves the band, Freddie, or just movie making at its finest, then this film is definitely for you. I'll admit I was sceptical, and am late going to see it, foolishly, because this was one of the best films I have seen in years, it's moving, it's funny, interesting, and as it showcases their best music, it's a musical feast also. People will be talking about this movie for years to come, and in particular the performance of Rami Malek, who is nothing short of sensational as the fabulous frontman, the supporting cast are sensational too, Gwilym Lee, who I know from Midsomer Murders was a revelation as Brian May. I loved how it told the story, but it never focused too long on one aspect, it moved at a cracking pace, and allowed the real life story of Queen to be told, phenomenally.This shows that despite the rise of Giant TV companies giving us all we can watch at home, the Cinema industry is thriving more then ever.Bravo. 10/10

It's as good as everyone makes out!! The cast is incredible Malak's performance is spellbinding and the Wembley sequence took me back to my childhood. It uses the story of the band, but does change things around to make it a film that's easy to follow and not a six hour documentary. After this movie you will be rocking to Queen on the way home.

The film is probably OK from a music point of view, but is simply a disaster in filmmaking aspects. The editing is a mess. There are some scenes connected quite awkwardly, and the transition of the central figure Freddie is quite rigid. The character development is highly problematic as well. The supporting roles are flat and one-dimensional. The storytelling is too direct and takes a lot of shortcuts. Most of the dialogues are not well-written.In one word, the film could have been much improved if a professional director and screenwriter had been hired.

This movie was everything I hoped it would be, cast is absolutely amazing, beautifully done. I had to keep reminding myself it wasn't the real band members! I recommend highly if your a Queen fan if your not you'll become one

Wow. Just wow. I'll give it 10 out of 10, even with the niggles of chronological anachronisms in a couple of the songs. Far more than I could have hoped for, it was beautiful, moving and genius film-making. I'd give Oscar nods for Best Film, Best Director (Bryan Singer), Best Actor (Rami Malek as Freddie) and.... Joseph Mazello as John Deacon was uncanny. It was so spot on, it was hard to believe it wasn't actually John.
Freddie was my first idol. From hearing Seven Seas of Rhye as an impressionable 7 year old in 1973 I was hooked. All my pocket money and birthday money went to buying Queen albums. This film felt very personal to me, now, as a gay man living with HIV. Thank you to all involved in making this.

It has been 2 days since we saw the movie and my husband and I can't get it out of our minds - we plan to see it again!Rami Malek gives an electrifying performance! I'm no fan of Queen but this movie has affected me so much. Don't listen to the critics! See the movie for yourself and feel the energy of the room!Everyone involved in the movie deserves recognition. Rami Malek deserves Oscar.

I've been using this site for 15 years and this is the first time I have ever left a review.I'll keep it short and sweet. This film is a must watch. I have read that some critics have been very harsh on the movie and have given some bad reviews.All I will say is this, when the song Bohemian Rhapsody was released over 40 years ago plenty of critics slated the song too, and look how wrong they were!!!!!!Go and watch it. You won't be disappointed.

A truly moving story of one of the most loved musicians of all time. Story, casting, everything, was executed beautifully. Easily the best film to ever exist under this genre. The live aid performance was mimicked with outstanding accuracy, the acting of the entire band was utterly superb. And the constrast between happy Feddie and broken Freddie was immaculate.The only con of this movie is maybe the duration of the songs during the film, as I thought each one finished pretty quickly. They should have expanded the screen time of Live aid to make it more moving than it was (it was already quite moving but could have been better).Overall, a fantastic film, normal people would find it entertaining.
Queen fans will find it glorious.R.I.P Freddie MercuryP.S Mike Myers was the EMI guy?!?!?!

Wow this movie made so many time line errors i do not know even where to start?
This was really disappointing considering two official band members (Brian May and Roger Taylor) were credited as producers?
Also i really do not agree with those that are praising Rami Malek's portrayal of Freddie mercury. personally i think sacha baron cohen would have did a much better job at this.
This move comes off like a LIFETIME film and not a serious Queen or freddy mercury Biopic for the big screen. I grew up listening to Queen's music and am a long time fan and this move was extremely disappointing for any real follower of them and for those that do not know much about the band or freddie mercury this movie is not a very good teacher.

I have probably seen 200 movies in theaters in the last 10 years. I am not a big fan of Queen and really didn't have much intention of seeing this movie. However, it was the only movie my wife and I agreed on on a recent Sunday night. I left the theater and said to my wife, "that is one of the top 5 movies I have ever seen and that was maybe the most fun I have ever had in a movie theater." I was so entertained throughout and came out of the theater with a new found respect for Freddie Mercury and all of the members of Queen. They are all very likeable characters and the acting was phenomenal. Go see this movie.

As far as I'm concerned, this is not a biopic or a documentary. This is a CELEBRATION of Queen and Freddie Mercury, arguably the best rock band and singer of all time. This movie was made with the blessings of Brian May and Roger Taylor. Enough said.To some of you film school students and graduates, you're missing the point. And don't assume I don't know anything about the industry. Of course liberties had to be taken to reduce this story to 2+ hours. Of course it's not word-for-word perfect. WHO CARES?? This was a movie made for the fans! Were things skimmed over? YES. Was the "dirt" buried? YES. I don't believe we needed to go down the rabbit hole in order to understand what this film is about.I grew up with Queen. I was fascinated by all of the members of the band. I was mesmerized by Freddie. Queen's "Live Aid" performance left me breathless and emotional. I wept when Freddie passed.Soooooo, let's fast-forward, shall we? When I originally heard a film was being made, I thought, "No way. It can't be done ." Then all the hoopla about who's to portray Freddie, etc. Then the decision to cast Rami Malek. " REALLY?? ", I thought. Boy, was I WRONG. About EVERYTHING.Off I go to the theatre with my son and his lady (they're not kids) on November 2nd. Then the film started...... And I went back in time....I got my own personal peek at the highlights that molded this great band. I saw Rami Malek channel Freddie Mercury. Gwilym Lee, Ben Hardy and Joseph Mazzello become Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon. Lucy Boynton's touching portrayal of Mary Austin. And I felt as if I were THERE, if only for a moment. Liberties be damned!!By the time the "Live Aid" sequence was shown, I was SOBBING. No, not shedding a tear or two, but outright MOURNING. In the original "Live Aid" performance, there's a brief moment where Freddie walks to the side of the stage for something, and one of the camera crew caught the true essence of Freddie. The REAL Freddie, showing the most authentic smile and utter happiness on his face. I remembered this as the movie ended, with "Don't Stop Me Now" as the outro. My son and his lady left as the credits were rolling, and I stayed. I needed to pull myself together. I'm glad I stayed. Suggestion: Don't leave before the credits are over!!I believe Oscar nods should go to:
Best Score;
Best Costumes (some of which are authentic); and
Best Actor (Rami Malek)This movie made me eat my words and warmed my heart. Thank you, Mr. May and Mr. Taylor, for sticking to your guns and making a beautiful film. I came home from the movie and immediately ordered the soundtrack (wonderful!), AND the BluRay. Who cares if there's no release date yet?I am forever grateful to Queen. This is their legacy, and a beautiful one at that.

Why is this film rated so high - its terrible... nearly all the facts are wrong. although Rami Malek does a pretty decent job of portraying Freddie Mercury I found myself checking the internet for dates and facts - you only have to read the goofs section on IMDB to see just some of the inaccuracies.If your going to Biopic a truly legendary band like Queen...GET YOUR FACTS RIGHT!!!

If there is one thing in particular that I liked about this movie, it's the fact that this is an ideal opportunity to introduce Queen to a generation who might have never heard of them!
From the acting to the cinematography, not one thing about this movie is bad! I don't care if there is some discrepancies between the movie and what actually happened. This is NOT a documentary.
It is also not a Freddie Mercury movie, this is a Queen movie! And it was an absolute privilege to see how some of my absolute favorite songs were created.
All in all, this is one movie to watch that will make you feel nostalgic, excited, sad and incredibly happy.
If you're not a Queen fan, believe me, you will be!
I only gave this a 9/10 because there are 2 or 3 moments in this movie that I could have done without and used the couple of minutes to feature some more songs.
Going on the list to be one of my favorites for sure!

I've been waiting this movie since forever so as you expect the anticipation was huge!! WORTH THE WAITING!! I don't really care for any change in the history, it's a movie not a documentary! I only care for the excellent cast, Rami Malek was outstanding( give this man a cookie not an Oscar-he doesn't need such a boring award), for the music and the scenes that made me think for a while that i was in there with them back in time... I care for the tears that run down my face and for the laughter and for my heart that was yelling : Freddie you're a legend!!
It's officially my new favorite movie and i will watch it again again singing out loud... Mamaaaaaa ohhhhh!!!!

Bohemian Rhapsody is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Its story is so good, and the acting is so amazing. Rami Malek is born to play the role as Freddie Mercury. I watched the movie 2 weeks ago, and I want to see it again. When I saw the movie, I really thought that it was Freddie I watched and not Rami. And it isn't just me, all people I've talked with, thinks that's is one of the best movies ever.
I totally recommend this movie to all people, and also if you don't even like queens music. This film will be great for you. Don't love queens music, that's impossible. I literally listen to the music 5 hours a day. Every day. Their music is just amazing.
That's my small review of Bohemian Rhapsody, thanks for reading it.

Rami as Freddie Mercury was a perfect match. I was smiling the whole time. This is the perfect movie for any Queen fan and for non Queen fan

A master piece! Bravo! Best movie in 2018 so far! Long live the Queen!

I'll keep it short.
This movie is a masterpiece, thank God for it!

Truly great acting. Great song of course. I don't understand why some says it's not a big deal to mimic the singing. It's not the point in this case, I think. Rami did an amazing job with this role because we can feel his honest love and respect for Freddie and the whole band. I didn't expect to be moved but I was. I hope Rami will get the Oscar.
And the most important thing is that THANK YOU FREDDIE MERCURY for your pure heart, we still love you!

Let's get this out of the way first.
I'm 54 years old.
I fell in love with Queen (specifically Roger Meddows Taylor and Freddie Mercury) when Bohemian Rhapsody (the song!) First came out.
I then bought (well, my parents did) A night at the opera, Queen, Queen II, Sheer Heart attack and listened to them over and over on my little record player.
I read every interview in NME and the other magazines at the time and was also in the official Queen Fan Club (I got SO excited when I saw the postman coming down the drive with an A4 size envelope in his hand!)
This film is not chronologically or factually accurate but who cares?!
It's brilliant and I've pre ordered the dvd.

Rarely I enjoyed so much a movie. Forget experts. Be happy, Sing, love, cry. This is your life's soundtrack If you were a Queen fan. Otherwise, It Will be. Dont care about cronologic mistaked. Is this the real life...or Just fantasy.

I dont know why critics seem to hate Mercury. Probably cause like the music it doesn't fit in their mind. The movie has blown me away. I fell like being on stage next to the band while playing at life aid. Sucked into Freddies life you can feel his pain, doubts and tears. The right amount of humor makes the movie elegant and subtile details on the storyboard makes it complex. Thanx for This briljant piece of entertainment. And thank you for being born and done what you did mister Mercury.

Bohemian Rhapsody is far from a perfect biopic, but it's thoroughly entertaining and Rami Malek is a revelation as Freddie Mercury. He deserves all the awards for his performance.

Never before have I seen a film.that has moved me as much as this one. Knowing little of Queen or Freddie before seeing the film I now know that Freddie was a true legend in his own time. Thank you to all involved for introducing me to Queen and Freddie! So very well performed. I felt that the whole audience needed to do a standing ovation.

The actors WERE Queen. The film captured the times perfectly and it was so exciting watching the Live Aid concert again. A movie as good as this doesn't come along very often.

The only movie I have ever seen 3 times in a theater. You feel Freddie's pain and loneliness in this movie, the love the band mates had for each other, and the relentless drive to adapt and be original. Malek quite simply deserves an Oscar. You truly feel him become Freddie that first time he takes the stage. I don't care about any discrepancies, as it was a celebration of this phenomenal band. Well-done. Maybe I'll see it a fourth time!

This film is absolutely brilliant and deserves all the credit it can get. I was born in 93, after the amazing Freddie passed away and Queen was no more, but as a kid growing up with my parents playing their Queen albums, I was a fan. I went to see this movie thinking it would be good and nice to hear the Queen songs within the film and to get an understanding of the history of the band and Freddie as I wasn't around to see this. What I didn't expect was to feel as if I had been catapulted back 30 years before I was born to the era of Queen and feel as if I was sat within a live Queen concert. All the cast are brilliant and it's actually, at times, a very funny film which really shows the loving family vibe which the band had for each other. Rami is amazing in this film. Every look at the camera and every strut mirrored freddie and many times I forgot I was watching a movie about Queen and that Rami wasn't the real Freddie on the screen in front of me. So proud of the cast. Give the film an Oscar and give Rami an Oscar. It will be well and truly deserved. I do recommend seeing this film in a cinema or with a good surround sound system as then you will receive the full magic of this film. "Volume right up darling" as freddie would say haha.

I have a habit of falling asleep in films, even the good ones. However comfy I was in the cinema this filmed gripped me in ways I can't describe. Raw emotions got the better of me. I literally laughed out loud and literally had tears in my eyes. The acting was stunning, the story was enchanting and real. As for the soundtrack, I've nonstopped listened to my Queen's greatest hits album ever since.
An absolutely beautiful film.

I was blown away by performance. Talented, amazing, incredible actors. I am huge fan of Queen's music. I was singing and laughing one moment then I had tears in my eyes. This movie is amazing. Rami Malek did a marvelous job as Freddie. I was waiting for it to come out in the theaters and absolutely loved it!UPD: It has been a couple of weeks since I've seen it. I went back for more! So far it is the only movie I went to see twice in the cinema. I will be getting a copy when DVD will be released. Also, I have been on Queen spree: all available YouTube Videos, non-stop music while driving. I have been humming and singing... What other band can do this to you?
Personally I have been listening to Queen's music since i was about 10 or 11. I am so glad this tribute to Freddie and Queen was made. It is now one of my top 5 movies of all time!
P.S. If you need another proof how amazing Queen's music is - go to YouTube to 2017 Green Day's concert. Before it started 65000 crowd was singing "Bohemian Rhapsody". No band on the stage just music through the speakers! What other musician or band could move and unite people as Freddie and Queen did?

It's not blasphemous to say this is not great if you're a fan. I became a fan of Queen from the first album. Keep Yoursel Alive is still my favorite except for Bohemian Rhapsody. The best parts of the movie are the live music scenes. While they are great, I'd rather watch Live at Wembley on DVD. The movie was choppy, not much story and there are too many factual errors and chronology errors. I am surprised that as producers, Roger and Brian allowed so much fiction. I still enjoyed it, but expected better. Maybe being a Queen fan set my expectations too high.

After reading a lot of reviewers disagreeing with critics, I decided to read a couple myself. In short, the users are right. I'll try to explain why.When a person approaches a movie, expectations play a huge role in creating the final impression. It's obvious from the way the reviews are written that critics expected an overblown drama, a gay anthem, or a politically correct liberal revelation. The film is neither of these and more importantly, it was never meant to be.When you think of the movie, you need to remember who produced it--the band. They wanted a tribute to Fredie and Queen, a monument, a celebration. The drama is there, but the film does not try to think for the spectator, to make conclusions. Instead, it presents the events and lets you feel them from your own viewpoint. And that's a very brave thing to do from an artistic standpoint in today's world.Just like Queen's life work, the movie features drama, comedy, documentalism, pure humanly fun, whit, and so much more. Think of it as the cinematographic counterpart of a Queen album, made by Queen, for Queen, and about Queen and simply enjoy it.

This story was brilliantly done! Rami was absolutely perfect for this role! I'm at home crying because it was something more than I expected. I grew up listening to them and even the little insight this epic movie provided was enough to tell me my money was spent so very well! Freddy was an amazing man in a troubled time and I felt saddened by choices he felt pressured to make and the times he lived in. My teenage years (late 90s) we're so much better because his voice was their! Queen is now my go to band for everything. After all Bohemian Rapsody was how I met my husband.All in all, this movie will leave you begging for more. And I hope sometime there will be more!

It has been a long time since the death of Freddy Mercury, but not a day goes by that you do not hear Bohemian Rhapsody been played full blast to a group of nostalgic music lovers, who still can't get enough of the song. I am proof that Everytime it's played, people have to sing it louder and go wilder every time! They pushed boundaries and believed in each other and what they were meant to do, which was inspire and play music for the people. They engaged in a way no one did at the time and this movie is a perfect example of showmanship and living for the dream. Rami Malek did a great job of ghosting Freddy, because he really came alive through him in an almost eery way.. I loved the fact that they used Freddy Mercuries real vocals, Insteae if giving Rami the impossible fast, as no one can sing like him, full stop. I loved this movie and I think fans and music fans a like will want to dive into the world of The Majesty that is Queen. Fun, entertaining, sad, realistic, funny and filled with Queen tracks that will leave you wanting more, this was a great movie from beginning to end.

As a Queen fan since 1973...there is not much I don't know about all things Queen
This guy looked like he was actually lampooning Freddie with his ridiculous teeth..he got it all wrong.The direction was cold and tried to over romantisize the facts...he was a brilliant performer but also a guy who willingly shared his condition with the innocents who were not famous enough to have movies made about them.Now let us get to the facts...they got most of them wrong...things in the movie never occurred ...and the things that did were in the wrong order. HOW ON EARTH could the producers ( Executive Producers May and Taylor i should note )get them performing songs on a tour that were written 7 years later??? It makes me think Messrs May and Taylor just added their names for the accolades.It also hinted at Bohemian Rhapsody was a coming out song ...IT WAS NOT!!Some people have mentioned Oscars...which is of course ridiculous...for me an opportunity missed.Listen to the Greatest Hits album instead. No word of Barcelona???The Live Aid set was NOT the best performance...as any REAL Queen fan will
tell you.This is just fodder for the masses and IMDB should stop putting up clear false reviews with a 10 score.

Please go and see this movie, it will only make justice to the remarkable genius Freedie Mercury was!!!
Rami Malek deserves an Oscar for this, I've never seen an actor that enjoys his character so much, there was a lot of hard work, only a genius can recreate another genius! I cried, I laughed, I wished this film
never ends. Who has anything bad to say about this film, they are all wrong! I never wrote a review here, but this one made me to create an account and give 10/10. This is a masterpiece, I think I will watch it 1000 times and I will not get bored.A mix of emotions that no movie ever before made me feel. Rami Malek you definitely made us all proud!!!! Your hard work is repayed by Freddie's smile in Heaven!!!! Love it, love it, love it!!!!

I forgot I was watching actors... Freddy Mercury is back.

This is a fabulous film from start to finish. Normally after about 90 minutes of any film I'm starting to fidget. This is the fist time that hasn't happened. I was spellbound by the story, the performances and the music.The film begins and ends with Freddie's finest hour. Or, rather, his finest 20 minutes: the one when Queen ruled the world. And the greatest live performance in the history of rock and pop. That was so the right decision. It begins and ends with Queen's crowning glory, not with the tragedy or the tortured soul within that brilliant body.Rami Malek is absolutely sensational. He is supported by other brilliant performances especially Lucy Boynton and Gwilym Lee as Freddie's wife Mary and Brian May respectively. But it's Malek who fittingly steals the show. What a performance.I love it when a film defies the critics. Two fingers up to the miserable pen pushers. The cinema was packed. People were clapping and tapping along.Go and see this. It's fabulous.

The word that comes to mind when thinking about this film is "incredible". It was educational, it was inspirational, it was entertaining and it moved me to the point of tears. I was either smiling, laughing, miming the lyrics (and guitar solos) of some of the incredible songs created by Queen, or I was holding back tears...and failing.One thing I need to express is my deepest appreciation for Rami Malek. His performance as Freddie was absolutely incredible, and in the end where they re-enacted Queen's segment from the Live Aid concert, it did not feel as though I was watching an actor play the part of Freddie Mercury. It felt like I was watching Freddie himself, and for that I am truly grateful.I cannot in any way, shape or form fault this film. I can only thank each and every person that was involved in the creation of Bohemian Rhapsody for piecing together such a moving tribute to the world's greatest rock band, and to a man who held such a massive heart with a lot of love to give.Freddie will always live on, Queen will always live on, and this film has helped play a part in ensuring that happens.Long live Queen.

Freddie Mercury was exciting, unique, charismatic and totally enthralling as a front man. This film is none of these things. Probably because Brian and Roger were involved, but the film is dull, plodding and bland. The only star in Queen was Freddie, he lived a life of excess and there is a great film to be made about his life, this just isnt it. You have to go some in order to make a dull film about Freddie, but they have managed it. Remi does an amazing job, its just the same they couldn't create a film worthy of his talents. The clue is in the rating of the film...a 13 rating for a man who lived an X rated life. The film lacks tension or drama, of which there was plenty in Freddies life. But Brian and Roger should benefit from increased sales of Queen albums as a result, which I am sure is why they made the film. Kerching!!

This Film Shows how big Freddie Was! he was a one of a kind and no one would replace him.the film is awesome maybe i expected more after the live aid because there is a lot to tell about freddie,i hope there would be another part of the film in the future but overall is fantastic and Freddie would be Proud of Rami Malek and all the actors.Thank You QUEEN!!

Wow....This was the most moving performance of a character I have ever seen in a long long time.Remi Malek is literally perfect as the late great Freddie Mercury. Everything from his mannerisms to his voice. There is such a vulnerability to his performance, the emotion pours out of him in every scene, whether he has thousands in the palm of his hand on stage, or the loneliness and heartbreak in search of acceptance and companionship. Remy elicits the utmost emotion from every scene.Freddie Mercury defied the critics when he wanted to be something other than a rock band. The greatest front man of all time, a national treasure. The same can now be said of Remy Malek. A Hugely talented actor with the world at his feet. Best Actor is a must for him. Fully deserved.

I bought "Sheer Heart Attack" with "Killer Queen" on a whim after its release when I was a freshman in college and have followed Queen ever since. This film is a triumph and joy to watch for Queen fans and those wanting to know their story. I am overcome by this tribute and so happy to have this music brought back this way.

I have loved Queen and loved Freddy ever since i can remember. When i was about 10 years old i saw Queen at live aid on the TV and that was it, i fell inlove with Freddy. The charisma on that man, the AMAZING voice, self confidence and power that he had, no one else will ever have. He was and is the greatest singer, rock star, composer and talent that ever walked this earth. No one will be as good as him and the band itself. This movie showed it perfectly , made me fall inlove all over again. The live aid bit in the end was perfectly made, absolutely brilliant!!!

This is the best movie I've seen in the past few years. The acting is great, the music is great, the story is great and very moving. I found myself sobbing more than once.

I liked it, but... It's actually probably the first movie that I "finished" in theatre - I sat to the very end, till the very end of the title roll (Even heard the cleaning lady say that after this movie they don't have much cleaning to do, audience is very well behaved) In terms of Oscars: best picture - nope. Best actor - definitely yes. Malek was a great choice, did a fantastic job. It seems like he is not doing much, he is not to forcing "his own Freddy" and that works wonderfully. He looks very realistic, he manages to be Malek/Freddy - both, not too much into the role to become a parody, but well enough to be very believable. I think it's great. He simply shines in this role. And yes, it's a movie about a character, but others doesn't shine that much. Even if this is a biography movie, I somehow missed some interesting camera work/director's decisions, something unexpected (not something as outrageous as Loving Vincent, but something unique, some twist, something that would make biography movie stand out in terms of making it - now they just let Malek shine (and bathe in his light)) - there was a moment of a split screen, but that's about it. And the whole story was more or less linear. Live Aid scene was aaaaaamazing. Will definitely see the records, videos, it seems it was hell of an event. Also there were loads of discussions that AIDS and his orientation weren't properly addressed in the movie - I liked it. F. Mercury wasn't his disease or his orientation - he was the music he made, his passion was to create, but that's still up for the discussion. So... What did you think?P.S That first scene, when he is working in the airport and is called Pakistani and explains he is not, and when later Paul, in some talk show says that he knows Freddy so much and that he always was a "Paki" boy was great

BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY (2018) ***1/2 Rami Malek, Lucy Boynton, Gwilym Lee, Ben Hardy, Joseph Mazzello, Aidan Gillen, Allen Leech, Tom Hollander, Mike Myers, Aaron McMusker. Malek is uncanny as iconic rock god Freddie Mercury in this rousing biopic and origin story of the group Queen with its charismatic life-force full center and fully fleshed out thanks to Peter Morgan and Anthony McCarten's heartfelt screenplay and Bryan Singer's incredible direction (particularly in the bookending of their memorable performance at Live-Aid).

First of, Rami Malek was born for this role, I'm sure that Freddie Mercury would be pleased with Rami's performance. The music is powerful, it was stuck in my head for weeks after I saw it in the cinema, but the way the story was told was exquisitely incredible and moving. During the Live Aid performance when Freddie's former wife teared up during the song "We are the Champions" so did I, the passion that Freddie had for it simply undeniable and at the same time heartbreaking because we don't have singers like him today who feel the same about music.Not only did Rami deserve the Golden Globe award but he and the film itself deserve an oscar. Bravo performance from him and the music, the way it was portrayed.

Bohemian RhapsodyThis film is mostly about Freddie Mercury's life and poorly it narrates the story of the band 'Queen'. However, the film evokes emotions. It's a must see movie even if you are not a Queen fan because it shows the realities about the misfits' lives and how to never give up. Considering these reasons, maybe this film should have been produced before for guiding how to be open-minded.Also, I truly loved the acting of 'Rami Malek'. He insanely looked alike 'Freddie Mercury' in the film. After watching the film, I watched the real 'Live Aid Concert' and I taught that Rami Malek's performance was exactly the same with Freddy Mercury's.

After watching this movie I will listen to the entire Queen discography. It is masterfully filmed, and tells us the story of the band very well.

This was a fantastic piece of work. from the acting, the writing, the camera work. absolutely everything was magnificent.
me personally, I liked Queen and grew up knowing their music but not a fan like my mom was. I went in not expecting much, just another artist making it big tale thats been done time and time again. i came out feeling overwhelmed with emotions. .y nom passed 3 yrs ago and it was extremely personal to me on a level I can't explain. I felt I knew my mom a little better just by watching it. thank you to all involved. I absolutely loved it and plan on adding it to my collection the day it comes out.

This movie was brilliant. Even though you're not 70's or 80's, i promise you will enjoy this movie. I mean, this movie was absolutely stunning. This movie just bring you back to the 70's-80's and you can feel it. But some points, i felt like some property in this movie are too modern (not all of it). But overall, All cast played their role really well. No doubt about it. And the scoring? Wow. Mind blowing. It is all Queen's legendary song. Just prepare your Spotify and get ready to nostalgic with their songs after you watch this incredible movie. This movie deserve and Awards. Even an Oscars!

It's amazing ! You have to watch this ! It's a materpiece , FREDDIE MERCURY IT'S A LEGEND !!

Seen the movie 3 times already and want to go see it again It is an awesome movie deserves An Oscar Award For It. Definitely Reccomended For Everybody to Watch
