
I loved Deadpool (2016) I was blown away by it and Reynolds commitment to the character, it was fantastic.I was however heartbroken when I saw the first trailer for this sequel, it looked pants. Not just pants, I mean granny pants. 15yr old, torn, badly stained (4 different shades) granny pants.I've never been so happy about being wrong. Deadpool 2 delivers and is easily comparable in quality to the first movie and I sure as hell did not expect that.With fantastic new additions, all the returning cast and excellent cameos this is the Deadpool sequel I desired but didn't expect (Or possibly deserve).With it's brand of over the top violence, quick fire humour, endless pop culture references and Reynolds in the role he was born to play Deadpool 2 is a worthy sequel in a franchise that I don't ever want to end if it continues like this.So damn funny, I can't wait to see what they do with the third movie. The concept however of bringing Deadpool into the existing Marvel Universe though fills me with dread. How could Deadpools brand of R rated goodness possibly fit into the Disney universe? Don't........do it!The Good:Cast are fantastic againSo damn funnyAction packedSoundtrack as random as it may beThe incredible during credits scenesThe Bad:That kid, he's just beyond annoying in everything he's inSome questionable casting choices for the new charactersThings I Learnt From This Movie:Everyday should be international womans dayVinnie Jones is all grown up

Your going to be hard pressed to find a movie more over the top than Deadpool 2, David leitch takes it to a whole new level entirely. It works namely because the violence here is just to creative. Sure it defies all Logic most of the time, but i was laughing and having a rip-roaring time throughout.Go into this movie knowing that it is a campy, corny, over the top superhero/action/comedy that is just about crazy shooting sequences and one-liners, and you'll be fine. Do not go into this movie expecting deep plot, meaningful conversations among characters, or anything remotely resembling a serious action or drama movie. Loved it....

I didn't think "DP2" could possibly be funnier than the first? It was! A bigger budget helps but as with everything? Writing, Directing & of course, the actors make this quite a film! It's all action & hilarity, from the first scene to the last! I'm not gonna spoil it? This movie grabs you from the starting credits, until the screen goes black! Not made for children!

Two years ago, Ryan Reynolds' long-standing dream came true: the screen saw the screening of the "Deadpool" spitting on all morals and the foundations of the comic book. And as well as commercially there was a bomb success, it was proved that the charm is not only in black humor, greasiness and izhe.And now the same team returned. Plus 100 million of the budget (the budget of the first in the region of 50), minus Tim Miller.In my opinion, the director's change did not affect what was happening. But many were worried. It seems to me that everything is on Reynolds. On his charisma, zadore, drive and positive. Perhaps he was in the director's chair, and not only in the position of the co-author of the script and the producer. Even the promo campaign was also strong and with a ton of banter!In general, the attraction develops according to the same plot scheme. Added characters, events. That's exactly what became more interesting - the appearance of the Cable. He really and excellent counterbalance to the mercenary-chatterbox, brighter than Ajax from the first part. Yes, the conflict built on it is also excellent.And Brolin has finally proved himself in the movie comic book. It's not Thanos to voice! His bestial grin and brutality organically blended with the narrative. And I can not imagine an actor who played this character better.Wonderfully fit and Bitz. Graceful young lady, perfectly acting out a comedic image. Everything is very organic. Boyega - learn!And among the jokes about genitals, bunches and other sodomy, serious topics also run through: for example, the theme of family and relationships. And this, like in the case of the "Sentinels", is not attracted by the ears - dear audience, laughter with laughter, but do not forget about serious.As for humor, then the authors also took a new line - in self-irony. I have not seen such a sincere and charming banter over myself for a long time! And here there is no transition to self-flagellation or kinks in the spirit of some publications. Even black humor and jokes below the pager are served deliciously and in moderation, rather than a stream from the machine gun a la modern comedies.Keep the Mark!An excellent adult action movie with meat, black humor, self-irony and banter over everyone and everything.One question - what will surprise us in the third part? Question.

I was able to see Deadpool 2 at an advance screening. Deadpool shook things up and delivered offbeat fun when diehard fans were looking for something new from the genre. I thought it was a surprisingly well-rounded movie that perfectly encapsulated its hero and lovingly poked fun at both itself and other genre tropes. It was among my favourite movies of 2016. When it comes to bringing the laughs, I think Deadpool 2 is just as funny as the original entry. There's even more meta jokes, the same gleefully dirty spirit carries over and some unexpected payoffs left me cackling. They build upon some of the previous memorable bits (I admire Ryan for being so willing to relentlessly skewer his filmography) without it going stale. Luckily, they didn't ruin the movie by putting all the funny bits in the trailer and there's plenty to enjoy. They weren't afraid to push the envelope with the humour and stick around past the finale for a truly epic bit that rolls during the credits.We've got all your favourite players back from Deadpool and I want to credit the writers for giving the opportunity for the characters to grow. Wade Wilson/Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) is his typical wise-cracking self but he's found happiness and the change in his relationship with Vanessa (Morena Baccarin) has really impacted his outlook. Colossus (Stefan Kapicic) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) return as X-Men members and while they're familiar, they're attitude does change towards Deadpool's antics. We also get back Dopinder (Karan Soni), Weasel (T.J. Miller) and Blind Al (Leslie Uggams) as the rest of Wade's crew and they all bring something new or hilarious to the film. I also really liked the new members of the cast; Cable (Josh Brolin) and Domino (Zazie Beetz) lived up to the hype. Cable has more depth than I expected and a highlight of Deadpool 2 was how they worked in Domino's ability into the action. They were so creative in how her abilities changed the way the action flowed. I also really liked the character of Russell (Julian Dennison) and how they used him in the movie. He becomes the driving force of the plot and they shape his character in a way that finds a nice balance between too soft and too arrogant. If I had any complaints, Eddie Marsan's character is one of the weakest villains I've seen in the genre, he has little dimension and his screen time is limited. I also preferred the treatment of a few of the original characters in the initial installment (Negasonic and Blind Al were stronger in the first movie). Keep your eyes open for a couple of surprise appearances by a few famous faces in the X-Men lore. Director David Leitch is well known for his work in stunts and co-ordinating memorable action set pieces. This has carried over into his directorial efforts, I had a general knowledge of this going in, so I was expecting big things. Again, this movie rose to the task. It equals the original and, in some ways, surpasses it. I've already mentioned Domino, Colossus has a standout fight in the finale of the movie, the direction the movie decided to go with the initial X-Force mission was very surprising and I also liked Cable and Wade's first fight in the prison. The movie doesn't have a signature scene like the 12 bullets opening in Deadpool but there was never a moment that I was bored when the severed limbs were flying. Leitch and his team definitely got the job done and they balanced the humour and the thrills superbly. Ryan Reynolds followed up his signature turn as the foul-mouthed mercenary with an equally impressive performance. He's joined Hugh Jackman and Robert Downey Jr. as the benchmark of acting within the genre and I question if anyone else could even come close to him playing this character. Morena Baccarin still has great chemistry with Reynolds and their relationship remains as sweet as it did before. Brolin is appropriately cast as Cable, he lived up to high expectations and was appropriately gruff. Zazie Beetz is great as Domino, her casting was met with a lot of criticism but she's funny and I wish we had spent more time with her. Karan Soni carried over his charm from Deadpool as did Brianna Hildebrand. Julian Dennison did a solid job as Russell, I hadn't seen his previous work, but I can understand why so many people were excited to see him. Terry Crews, Bill Skarsgard, Lewis Tan and Rob Delaney were all good as the new X-Force members. Delaney was the standout as Peter. I also liked Stefan Kapicic and Leslie Uggams in their respective supporting parts.One of the more surprisingly successful parts of the original Deadpool movie was the love story between Wade and Vanessa. It was surprisingly effective, and I dug the direction they took with it. Deadpool 2 is a story about family and while it still worked, it didn't tug at my heartstrings like the emotional core of the first one did. This isn't the fault of the actors or even the writers, it just didn't have the same impact.In my opinion, this is a great sequel. It delivers a potent mix of both action and comedy. I was impressed that they refused to rest on the laurels of the original adventure and tried to do something new with it. If you found the first one too crude, too violent or too meta, I don't think this one will work for you. Its a movie that stands on its own, but you get the same creative expression as you did in the first one. I wouldn't say this is better than Deadpool, but it is on that same level for me. Its not perfect so I can't go all the way to a 10 but my actual rating is 9.5/10.

After really looking forward to this movie, I came out of the cinema slightly disappointed. Theres plenty of joke and action but the jokes seemed to be a bit meh, I only remembered laughing out loud twice and story line is a bit disjointed. The problem I had is in the DP 1 you had the shock factor of a tongue in cheek mavel character but in this movie that's already gone, so you have to rely on a good plot but unfortunately it lacked that, so I felt a little bit bored by it. I'm not saying it not a good movie but I expected a lot more but sadly I felt let down.

Before the viewing of this film, I lowered my expectations knowing that majority of sequels are not as good as it's predecessors, but luckily the cast and crew made sure that this sequel is better in every aspect. Deadpool 2 abounds in funny moments, action scenes and importantly emotional ones, which were kind of weak in the first installment. This sequel bring some teachable moments on the table, but not too much, so the core of the movie is still very Deadpool-esque. The humor is similar to that of the first, with couple more pop culture jokes which might be a problem for some viewers, but for the most part they are easily understandable with the basic knowledge of pop culture. Along with well known original cast, we have couple of newcomers who fit in the cast perfectly. Brolin has a lot of screentime and he delivers in each scene. It features very entertaining references and cameos, and has one of the funniest post credits scenes in superhero movies, so be sure to stick around untill the very end. All in all, Deadpool 2 is a movie that can be enjoyable not only for fans of superhero genre, but for all who want to have a laugh while enjoying interesting action scenes.

It just saddens me that this film is so highly rated. There were parts of it I enjoyed but not that many. The tie-in with the X-men world worked for a while because of deadpool's looser sense of ethics, and the reduced circumstances of his - and the kid's incarceration in mutant prison almost makes him vulnerable enough to care about, but none of that lasts, and for the majority - and after those events - remainder of the film, we find ourselves in the presence of someone who not only won't die, but - and of course it is his trade-mark - won't shut up. All superheroes are effectively immortal, but there is something about deadpool's unkillability that really destroys any tension in this movie, and unfortunately it is all done quite deliberately. In most superhero movies we know that that the (super)hero must survive but somehow also worry about them. With deadpool though everything is an in-joke, and that includes the fact that superheroes - deadpool at least - are indestructable, and the movie plays with that endlessly. There is at least one funny scene that arises out of this (consequent to his meeting the monster in the prison basement) but for the most part it simply means we don't care about what happens in the way that we normally would and since the writers appear to anticipate this we are treated instead to endless knowing jokes about his desire to die. The intention seems to be to try to make deadpool into some kind of existentially tragic figure - but unlike say groundhog day, where unkillability becomes a metaphor for sameness of every day, the writers completely fail in this respect. Deadpool's loss (of a loved one) and motivation never seem real, and when he somehow finds a mission in the redemption of one of the characters in the movie it just doesn't seem like something he'd actually do. 
 
There's also the politics of the film. Leaving aside the PC aspect (which is pretty much universal these days) there's also something disturbing about the hate figures in the film. The people who run the 'ophanage' in the fim are thinly disguised religious bigots, and not only the main 'preacher' like head of the institution but all of its staff - who are likened to paedo philes - are simply despatched as token 'haters'. Given the controversies surrounding some of the people who made the x-men films themselves there is something slightly ironic about this - people who live in glass cages shouldn't ....etc.. That's not to say the mutant hating bigots aren't to be faulted, but that we shoiuld perhaps be a little wary about taking our morality from anything as ethically warped as deadpool, a man who though he can't be killed or effectively injured despatches legions of bad guys more in offence than defence, and typically in nasty and fundamentally unfair ways. In fact at times, particularly at the beginning, deadpool as a superhero feels like the cinematic version of shooting, stabbing, hacking and decapitating fish in a barrel.
I just find everything about this film immature and fake. However it probably does know its audience, who from the ratings would appear to like being force fed dubious easter eggs, not to mention hollywood politics and morality. In truth I'm probably just too old for this kind of film, but at the same time I kind of feel so should anyone older than a teenager

As you expected, Deadpool 2 is all that we expected and above. The action does not stop almost the entire movie, the new characters are great especially Cable and Domino. The humor as you expected is something without which the movie will not be the same ... yet it is a distinctive feature for the character of Deadpool.The story is good and you can expect some surprising people to interfere in the the movie, but I will not tell you, see for yourself. The effects are very good, the music choice fits great with the action scenes and the individual moments in the movie.Supporting roles also do not lag behind and accumulate a lot of points. If I have to determine which is the best part of the movie, then that's undoubtedly Josh Brolin as Cable.I advise you to stay to the end of the movie, there are some pretty good things waiting for you (aftercredit scenses).

Did you ever have a friend who constantly made snide remarks to try to make people laugh in order to draw attention to themselves and become liked? It works at first but after awhile becomes so annoying people quit laughing and just start ignoring the person. That basically sums up this movie. Funny for about 10 minutes, tolerable for the next 10 minutes, and annoying for the rest of the movie.As a result this movie quickly became a long, boring, clichéd. over hyped, unfunny, annoying, and disappointing mess. Linear storyline, no plot twists, forgettable characters (with the exception of Domino), uneven pacing, marginal acting, and just totally forgettable. The entire movie was lazy writing!One star for the character of Domino and one star for the rather interesting trailer insert at then end of the movie but other than that not worth watching much less paying to see it first run.Look for this one to be out in DVD by July and in the discount movie bins at Walmart by Christmas.

This was so aggressively meta that it stopped being funny instantly. Truly only Zazie Beats and Rob Delaney made this film even a little bit tolerable. The jokes felt recycled and overdone and the fun from the first film was completely lost in this installment. I would say stream this when it's on Netflix. Don't waste your money.

"Deadpool 2" is a fine example of how the sequel can improve the original. Continuation hasn't lost a peculiar hooligan charm of the original, but at the same time has allowed the character to become someone big, not simply the carrier of infinite and often unfunny jokes.Perhaps, it is all about change of the director, but the sequel really looks as full-fledged movie.

Do not believe the hype.. do not go and see it because it's a complete waste of time and money.. it doesn't make any sense, boring, pointless, lame jokes, awful acting, terrible storyline (if you can even call it one!).. 100% trash.

For every 10 min of "jocular" conversation, there is 2 min of story. And the story is nothing which you haven't seen before. Few jokes bring out a smile or laughter, but eventually the biggest the joke is made by director on us, with this lazy writing and weak story.If you care for your time, just watch DP 1

An unfunny mess from start to finish. No soul, recycled humour, weak story and phoned in performances. Reynolds and Brolin seemed bored. I know I was too.

Went into this with such high expectations and was hopeful that it would be somewhat reminicient of the first movie, but sadly it was not meant to be. What a let down. Right from the start something seemed off with both the script and acting, it seemed as though the jokes were... missing. I assumed it was a movie that got better the more you watched and they were saving the better laughs for the second half. But no, hardly any memorable jokes, just lots and lots of CG action scenes which seemed boring. I found myself bored and yawning at the thin plot and shallow characters. The X-Force seemed promising but that didn't last long. A very frustrating 2hrs and money wasted on what was essentially a total misfire of a sequel that could have been as entertaining as the first.

The first one is amazing and I like it so much. There is fun parts in this movie for sure but the whole movie made me feel disgusted and sick. Full of political correct and propaganda. I escaped from China because I'm sick of China Communist Party's propaganda. Then again? Everywhere?

This movie was a waste of time to see. After seeing the first one when it came out, We went to see this one last night. I figured this one this one would be somewhere close in comparison to the original, but MAN WAS I WRONG. Ryan Reynolds must have been desperate. The entire movie was simply horrible. Over half of the people in the nearly sold out theater got up and walked out before it was half over, so I am not the only one that thought this way. Hopefully, they do not come out with a #3..

Just not worth spending your time and money. Nothing but meaningless to absurd, low-level jokes.

This is easily the worst Marvel mutant movie made to date. Not funny in any way unless you're about 10 years old. The story is asinine and writing was something out of a high school production. Also, the depiction of the comic characters is one of the worst in any movie so far. I am a big fan of Domino and Cable but I hated everything about them in this movie. They are nothing like the books I read back in the 90s and 2000s. Cable was completely ruined and Domino is now a ditsy clown. They couldn't have selected a worse actor for the character for Nathan. He was so out of place with the written character that you might as well had given the roll to Ben Stiller. That actor needs to be replaced immediately.

REVIEW - DEADPOOL 2Anyone who reads these reviews knows my feelings about sequels and prequels and if you don't I'll just say it once more, they are never as good as the original! But......................Deadpool 2 is one of a very few which is actually better than the original. Yes it's dubstep above the original, it runs big huge rings around the original, it laughs in the face of the original while dancing to dubstep.I never write spoilers and won't start here, all I will say is that you will openly be laughing at so many in gags, far more than in any of the trailers, they kept the best for the film and the trailers don't spoil the film in any way shape or form. A definite MUST SEE!!!!! Yes believe the hype!!!!Rating 10 out of 10

Plot was weak. Characters are mostly forgettable. Jokes were at times funny. But the show was just a drag.

Sucked...politically correct bs...nothing like the first...whiny, boring and not funny

DEADPOOL 2 is a family movie, or so claims our titular protagonist. An extremely violent, witty, fourth wall breaking family movie. At its core is a tale of loss, a tale of wanting to belong, of failed father figures, and the cycle of vengeance all wrapped in a message of overcoming personal tragedy to be better individuals. It mixes genuinely funny comedy, pop culture references and lovable characters with a deeper more personal tale of the Merc with a mouth put through .As with the first movie, DEADPOOL 2 defies genre and subverts viewer expectation at every turn. Each time a "typical" story beat or trope is brought up, it is soon subverted and deconstructed in the most clever way possible. An escape plan right out of PRISON BREAK? Does not end well for Wade and Russell. An action packed vehicular chase through the city? Very different from what one would expect. A team up with a bunch of badasses to form X-Force? Yup, definitely not how one would think it would go. In fact, DEADPOOL 2 subverts all expectations of what Deadpool should be about. Even the characters undergo this subversive deconstruction. The poor abused boy who's supposed to be running scared? He's starting to show the makings of a serial killer. The part man part machine time traveler Cable? He is the embodiment of "generic 90s comic badass" taken to its logical extremes, complete with tragic motivations, growling voice and eternal scowl. And it all works in the context of the franchise's self referential humour.Deadpool himself is slowly revealed to be a stepford smiler, using humour as a means to bury the pain he feels while he undergoes the various stages of grief. Ryan Reynolds effortlessly channels both Deadpool's funny and dramatic side, bringing an earnest portrayal that serves as the heartfelt emotional core of the film. The narrative does venture into some heavy territory, showing the initially self serving Wade subconsciously subjecting Young Russell to the same emotional neglect that his own father put him through. The script, courtesy of Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick and Reynolds himself is masterfully written, full of wit and charm. Jokes come perfectly timed where appropriate, segueing into drama and back again without coming across as jarring. It even improves on the musical aspect.The score, now composed by Tyler Bates (WATCHMEN), sounds much more epic and unique compared to the previous work by Junkie XL. The choices of songs, peppered throughout the movie, have lyrics that run parallel to what is happening in the story itself; cleverly used to heighten the emotional impact of many scenes.This is an amazing movie and a great sequel. Not perfect though. The steady clear shots and fluid fight choreography that Director David Leitch brought to movies like JOHN WICK is missing here. Instead it is replaced by rapid fire cuts and some erratic editing which, in hindsight, may have been a cost cutting measure considering how some of the special effects, particularly on some fully CGI characters, look spotty at times.Nonetheless, nitpicking aside, DEADPOOL 2 takes its titular character to new depths, ups the ante on everything that made the first movie such a hit, and then goes beyond with bigger action, a new cast of unique and relatable characters, and all while keeping it grounded in the very personal tragedy that is the life of Deadpool. Truly a movie to add in the list of great sequels.

The first Deadpool received much acclaim for being bold and unique. Viewers loved that it did and said things other movies were not willing to do or say. That's an issue for Deadpool 2 because it's a sequel and, by definition, cannot be as bold or unique because it is, by definition, similar to the original.  Many fans raised this concern about Deadpool 2. They worried it would be a rehash of the first film. I'm here to tell you that those fans are wrong. And they're also right.  Sure Deadpool 2 hits many of the same beats as the original. Hearing the notes a second time ring stale in some situations, but other times the writers tweaked the gags just enough to make them feel fresh. 
 One of the simplest and best ways to make a sequel feel fresh is to add fun and interesting new characters. Mission accomplished. Domino (rising star Zazie Beetz) announces her arrival loudly with a scene-stealing performance. The movie cleverly pokes fun at her possibly fake superpower, luck, while still empowering her enough for her to easily be the coolest character in the movie.  Josh Brolin also joins the cast for the sequel, making this his second villain role in a major superhero blockbuster this summer. Once again, he's terrific, settling once and for all the debate over "can Josh Brolin succeed as an actor without a fake purple chin?" Yes, yes he can.  The weak link among the actors is Julian Dennison. He plays the powerful and troubled teen, who call himself firefist. It's a terrible name and a mostly terrible character. It's not all Dennison's fault. He is not given much to work with in this part. The best thing he does in the whole movie is point out that no superhero or sidekick or remotely powerful person in a superhero movie is anything except exceptionally fit. He's right. Why not include one chubby friend who happens to have psychic powers? Or something like that. Be creative. Firefist's relationship with Deadpool, along with some other event that I won't mention, provide the emotional stakes of the movie. My question: why is a Deadpool movie creating emotional stakes? Deadpool's entire gimmick is making fun of superhero movies and all their silly tropes, yet Deadpool 2 falls face first into those tropes. This is supposed to be an action-comedy about a smart-mouth anti-hero. It doesn't need emotions. It rolls its eyes at emotions. The entire effort felt disingenuous. The determining factor in this whole equation of movie's effectiveness is Ryan Reynolds. If you like the guy and find him charming and funny, you'll like this movie. If his schtick wears you out after a while, this movie will do the same. He rattles off what feels like nearly ten jokes per minute. Reynolds brand of comedy is an acquired taste and a potent one. A little goes a long way. Overall, this movie works. It has just enough humorous moments, new material, and truth in its characters to accomplish the goal. It's a funny, self-aware, different type of superhero movie. It manages to match, or perhaps even exceed the level of the original. That's an achievement.

Ever since DP became a sensation and a worldwide phenomenon, die-hard fans have been asking for a worthey second entry. For a long time, superhero movies - not to be confused with films based on graphic novels, which is an interesting item of truth - have become a pinata for serious film critics and reasons are not lacking because we are talking about a cataract of conservative products, mediocre and totally interchangeable with each other. Typical examples of what happens when marketing and advertising discourse replace creativity and some kind of narrative, rhetorical and / or even formal talent (the stories of these "cosos" are otherwise schematic , do not say anything at all and are even hyper redundant in terms of digital gadgets, today present in all sad pompous proposal of the mainstream). But perhaps the worst of all is that they bore with their childish and semi-televised dialectic - from the TV of yesteryear - oriented to reproduce ad infinitum the same antics.With this panorama it is not surprising that even the exponents who try to break a couple of rules of the format end up falling into the usual quagmire of non-development of characters, the most ancient political correctness, the humor for young children, that pathetic self-referentiality and constant a concatenation of prefixed niches of the market - it is not even possible to call them subframes - that can only appeal to a series of individuals co-opted by the most aseptic industry, the one that for a couple of decades has decided to ignore any nonconformist substrate at the level of the ideological basis of their "toys". Deadpool 2 is another link in this endless chain of perky fun-time itself (hobby products that do not even pass the time), which once again highlights the crisis of a cultural conglomerate that fetishes the most burned clichés.Pretending to be "set sail" for the puerile level of superhero movies, this sequel to the work of 2016 essentially repeats the formula of its predecessor: many jokes with harmless puteadas, some very innocuous sexual allusion, scenes of action that are ironic, Tired questioning to camera and a cheap background melodrama that sabotages itself because the movie-read the Marvel factory-does not understand that because of so much "attitude surpassed of everything", both beretta cancherism and so many plastic simulated CGIs, nobody can identify with these shiny but well-emptied jars from a rusty and insipid assembly line. In other words, DP2 is the perfect sequel to DP, specifically. Doubles down on everything that fans love about the original, nonstop graphic violence, gore, torture, sex, nudity, swearing, drinking, drug use, and more, so expect the same here, while it fixes some of the first film's issues. Also this one features the best post credits scene EVER. Yes! Deadpool 2 as the title says, gives the audience two end-credit scenes. Ladies and gentlemen, the wait for the scenes are worth it! Hilarious is the perfect word to describe how the audience feels of watching 'em. They don't relate much with the whole story but the crack jokes are powerful enough to make people care of the clips. The sequel is superior to its ancestor. It conveys silly comic drama that stimulates both your cerebrum and body.

Amazing, hilarious and like always brutal! Ryan Reinolds was born for Deadpool

When I read that Tim Miller, the director behind the original leaked footage and the first deadpool, was pushed out of this project, I already had low expectations from this one. But man oh man, I didn't expect it to be such a pile of garbage!
I fail to grasp how this film has an 8.2 rating here!! 
The plot is too weak, the jokes are ok but mostly badly placed. The character of deadpool is one of the most innovative ones in the comics to which the writers should have been faithful. Reynolds has become so cocky with his success of the first film that he feels that 'Deadpool' is just a mixture of dirty jokes and action. I wish he had researched more on this character, tried to be faithful and not push his own interpretation of the character into the film. By the time we have the last Deadpool movie, I am afraid Deadpool would not be much different from his character in Van Wilder ! IMO , regarding the faithfulness of the character, the first leaked footage was perfect, the first deadpool movie acceptable, and deadpool 2 a complete disappointment. And yes, taking liberties with the character and story but still being faithful to the overall essence of the character is very well possible. Logan was an excellent example of this.
Thé stories of Deadpool are like a whirlwind, there shouldn't be really any sense in what he does because he is insane, clinically insane! Whereas Reynolds' DP just falls mild. True he is in love with Vanessa, but who says love cures insanity? Where are the voices in his head? It was there (barely) in the first film, during the bullet counting scene, but that's it. 
Where is the mess that he makes by bad misplaced decisions and eventually has to make the best of a difficult situation? Where's the conflict? In the form of the fat mutant kid who is abused. Original! Deadpool story arcs are generally out of the norm and downright weird, like a tornado where the characters get sucked in and are bounced around willy-nilly, eventually forced to make decisions, difficult decisions, to fix stuff. In the film, cable makes an idiotic decision of not seeing his now living family, for whom he was ready to kill a kid, by saving Deadpool. Whom he hardly knows, and in the process losing the opportunity to see his family ever again! Why? Because there was this 'indestructible' collar on his neck. Which we have already seen broken a few times earlier in the film.
I had missed the first 10 mins of the film, but I am sure that even if had missed the first 45 minutes, I would have easily grasped the nearly inexistant plot. For a moment I was hoping that after Deadpool's death (which I think should have happened in the first half) he would actually be able to meet ''Death' who is his love interest in the comics. That would have been really interesting. And you know who else is in love with Death? Thanos! It would have been a great plot device and a possible future connection with the MCU! Ridiculous but yet possible because, hey that's what Deadpool is all about, stretching our notion of impossible and ridiculous. Who else would be crazy enough to love death? Except Thanos of course!
And when was Negasonic a science genius who could repair such a device? I hate it when film creators think the public idiots. It's true many of us are, but we are not all so stupid that we will eat any commercial garbage you throw at us, just because it is based around a character we love. Stay faithful to the character!!!
And yes the CGI!! It was disturbingly terrible.. The juggernaut ? It felt like it was done by an amateur. Reminded me of the CGI in the films dating from the 2000s! There are many more plot holes, and problems with this movie, which would fill up a book. In short, avoid this movie if you really like the comics or the first film. I was heartbroken after watching this film. Many a times art is sacrificed because of vanity and greed, and this is an unfortunate example. I am going to erase this nonsense from my head by watching the leaked footage and playing the game Deadpool.
I give it two stars for the two times I laughed in the film. Once during the credits(related to Reynolds, mind, not Deadpool), and the other, I don't remember and frankly don't care .

I had high hopes coming to this movie but I must say it was chaos everywhere! The story line isn't great and although I normally find Ryan's comedy natural it does overstep and get annoying quite frequently in this outing.
I was surprised to find myself fiddling with my phone while watching this because I was bored. Overly foul language that doesn't make sense. It's so bad that I will not be watching this again.
Not impressed at all. Thumbs-down Marvel

I do not understand what exactly the producers were thinking. Basic action scenes gets interrupted by not funny jokes. Story itself is very misleading i wonder if there is a story to begin with. The movie itself pushing sexual jokes little too far.(You cant say there is no limit) I wouldn't have anybody under 18 watch this and if you are over 18 its not gonna do you any good.First deadpool was original second one is trash. I would strongly recommend to you to not waste your money at all.

A complete waste of time, low-level jokes. Just do something else instead of watching this trash.

The first one was ok this one was painfully forced and badly executed the start stop action is boring the plot was confusing and unneeded
and the only thing intresting was the adding of cable which was largely wasted in all honesty. Not recommended

The movie is so disjointed and unstructured. Just felt like a bunch of scenes stitched together with no editing. A few (and I mean a few) funny moments and a waste of time for the vast majority of the movie. Enough with the superhero movies already!

Like most of us, I have been waiting eagerly for over two years to see Deadpool 2. I was so excited about this premiere, that I donned my Deadpool shirt, jacket, necklace, and socks and drove to a theater located an hour and a half away from my house, because it was the only one around showing the Deadpool double feature (at a pretty mighty $28 price tag). No part of me had even considered that this movie would be short of amazing. Boy, was I wrong! Major spoilers ahead!I loved Deadpool more than any other movie of the 2010s. Partly because of the humor and original take on superheroes (a genre that I keep up with religiously), partly because it came to me at a time when I was dealing with the cancer diagnosis of a close family member and the fact that Wade got his powers because of a sort of cancer treatment was pretty awesome, but mainly because of the smart writing. The latter sure went down the tubes in this installment. Let's start with that beginning. Vanessa gets shot and killed. It seems that ever since Bateman V Superman, these new superhero movies all feel the need to kill off our main characters...but we'll get to that later. Deadpool tries to unsuccessfully kill himself multiple times, and each time he is 'close' he gets to see Vanessa in this dreamlike afterlife for a brief moment...see, something I liked about Deadpool was that is was at least sort of 'believable' in a comic book sort of way. But these afterlife sequences struck me not as emotional, but just plain dumb. They did not fit into a movie like this. This is not What Dreams May Come. It's a humorous superhero movie. Then, after a strange series of events, Wade goes to jail with a fourteen year old mutant. First off, why would a fourteen year old be going to an adult prison? I understand it's a prison for mutants, but you'd think they'd definitely separate the kids and adults. Also, the kid was clearly being abused. How did only Deadpool notice and take pity on him? Anyway, while in jail, they have to wear these collars that take their powers away. Now remember, Wade's power is that his body instantly heals itself. So how is it that when the collar goes on him, his cancer instantly comes back? Because if we are going by that thinking, that anything his body healed after receiving his powers would be reversed, then wouldn't every bullet wound, knife slash, and injury that he has sustained since receiving his powers do him in? Otherwise, how is it that the cancer came back so quickly and powerfully? If it was eradicated, it would be gone! It would not come back...and certainly not at such an impact. Now, the whole jail scene goes on wayyy too long. Why do superhero movies all need jail scenes now, by the way? Guardians of the Captain America: Civil War, Suicide Squad....enough! I will also add that there were far fewer laughs at this point than in the original. In fact, laughs are pretty rare. And when there is a joke, 4/5 times, it is pretty cheap and unoriginal. That is, the original brought so much original material that any jokes here are pretty much a rehashing or something only a 14 year old boy while laugh at. This is pretty much where the movie lost me. I realized that my beloved original Deadpool movie was an anomaly. A great treat. And Deadpool 2 would not be the same thing. While there were a few more laughs as the movie progressed, most of the good one were already shown in the trailer. I kept searching for redeeming qualities and just kept getting let down. There were more plot holes than I could count, and Cable was underwhelming. I will skip to the end, because that is where it really hits the fan. See, Deadpool even jokes about lazy writing at the fact that Cable can only travel in time twice: once to save his family and once to get back to them. At least he admits the writing is lazy. Again, after an odd series of events, Deadpool winds up sacrificing himself for that fourteen year old mutant (who has an Australian accent that no one even addresses. Yet he way.) Yup, he joins the ranks of seemingly every other superhero in recent memory and dies. He does so by putting on the collar from prison that strips mutants of their powers and gets hit by a bullet. But oh, wait, remember how Cable can go back in time? He does that and saves Deadpool. Now, if he really wanted to save Deadpool, why wouldn't he have just removed the collar as Deadpool was dying so that Deadpool could heal himself? The collars were removable. We had seen it get removed before! Then, he could have saved his time travel. But nevermind all that, because as soon as the credits start to roll, we see Negasonic Teenage Warhead and her GF repairing Cable's time travel thingy, and guess what? They save Vanessa. This also allows Deadpool save one of the guys that he rounded up for his team...which makes no sense, as if he has the power to save that guy, why wouldn't he just prevent his team from jumping out of the helicopter so none of them died? Basically, this scene means that virtually everything that happened in this movie meant nothing. See when you add time travel into a movie like this, it renders so much of it nonsense. There were a lot of other issues, but it would take a short book to point them all out. The best way to describe how I feel is heartbroken. Deadpool was the rebel hero. His movie and comics were something different. He was sassy, funny, daring, AND smart. A part of me wants to purge myself of my Deadpool posters, comics, figurines, and apparel, but I can't let a bad sequel ruin the love I have for the original. At least we always have the brilliant original...

I would like to thank the creators of this movie for finally convincing my husband that superhero movies are overrated. The lack of plot and the unnecessary use of 90% of the characters just did it.

I'll be honest... this movie was the number 1 thing I was looking forward to this year. So the bar was pretty high, however, if the bar had been nonexistent this movie still would have failed.The only thing weaker than this movie's terrible plot was its awful acting by the poor selected woman chosen to play Domino. Ick. Writing? What writing? We can give one liners even when they don't make sense right?This movie should be erased from the Marvel universe.

Overrated. Too much stupid jokes that you know every serious scene will be followed with a stupid joke next

The plot is just nonsense.the jokes have a pretty low quality.I am just supposed to laugh so hard at a hero with chicken legs and a tiny penis.It was not adventures, exciting or a thriller.The first movie was awesome and this movie is the complete opposite.

I genuinely did not enjoy this movie. Coming from someone who thought the first Deadpool was very good, I thought this one was far worse. I recall laughing only 3-4 times, as the comedy was poorly written and unfunny. Simply having Ryan Reynolds break the fourth wall to acknowledge the fact that the writing is "lazy", does not make it ok for the writing to be lazy. I also feel the action was far worse in this film compared to the first one, with there being far too many cuts for an audience member to follow what's happening. Overall I feel every aspect of this movie was done worse than the first one. I frankly wouldn't reccomend it, as I was bored, unamused, and am already forgetting what happened throughout the film. Unless you're a hardcore Marvel fan, I see no point in spending your money to go and see this movie.

Didn't like it at all. Story was boring! New characters were a bit slow and whole movie was a bit of a let down.Loved the first one this was just a chore to watch.Glad I didn't pay to watch in the cinema.

Delivering a sequel means that the predecessor is a mainstream hit and a big success. Audience wants what they saw before but keep in mind that they too do not want to see what they saw before off of the previous installment. The quality of driving the path of a sequel has always been the journey of a bumpy ride of whether that movie successfully dodges the bullets of negative reviews or hits the bullseye mark of getting bad responses from the audience. Walk the talk, does Deadpool 2 live up to people's expectation???Deadpool 1 has been a massive hit and die-hard fans have been asking for the second entry ever since. This mischief premise opens with Ryan's character, Wade Wilson babbles about his ongoing life and what has happened to him before we get to witness what brings him to be of that kind of emotional feelings that struck him to that day.The plot here is rather simple compared to the previous movie. He keeps to his promises to narrate his own story. The dark green-blue tone appears once again to help telling Deadpool's depressing story who is bent on taking revenge for the miserable life he had. Deadpool 2 also shares an unbelievable delightful moral lesson as the curtains closes its storytelling.This sequel delivers a top notch comedy compared to the original entry. It leaves you wanting more between stupid physical antics and harsh banters. However, there is a massive problem for the jokes to work out for people who do not have the knowledge of pop cultures. Why? Because David Leitch (Director) and the writers make use of mega-hit pop culture references from the latest biggest opening movie of all time, Avengers: Infinity War to the try-hard erotic sexual romance, Basic Instinct. There are so many of them you definitely can't count with your own fingers. Nevertheless, what makes Deadpool so fun is that the lead character is fully aware of this and is constantly commenting on it. This proves surprisingly fruitful terrain for a comic book movie. Action-packed? Well, I hate to tell you this but it's not much. Basically, the probability of of action scenes is of the same percentage as the first one but it's more promising and stylish with Hollywood effects being thrown around for the sake of a good quality movie. Similar to Deadpool 1, the Big Finale is relatively small. It turns off people who are awaiting to hit a gigantic impact in the face for a final showdown because it does the same mistake by wasting the potential energy for the heroes to show off their mega powers and use the advantage to build the characters' developments with violence especially when it is given the golden ticket for a rated-R film. However, the problem with Deadpool entries is that it tries to be semi-realistic in the sense of a comic book movie with less action scenes and centralizes more of real-life teenage hormones affection. Ex: Dirty jokes, dumb characters.You must be wondering the entirety value of the post-credits scene of either it's a precious gem or another waste sequence of garbage merely to fill up its holes for future entries/entertainment purposes. First off, Deadpool 2 as the title says, gives the audience two end-credit scenes. Ladies and gentlemen, the wait for the scenes are worth it! Hilarious is the perfect word to describe how the audience feels of watching 'em. They don't relate much with the whole story but the crack jokes are powerful enough to make people care of the clips. But again, pop culture references are used in the making.Verdict: 72/100. I personally feel that the sequel is better than its predecessor. It delivers humorous comedy that tickles both your brain and body. Deadpool 2 proves yet again that it is immature, childish, mischievous and entertaining in good ways. It also proves that Ryan Reynolds once again doesn't disappoint audience with his born-natural character. This is a movie that makes space for violence, sex, and swear words, but never bites the hand feeding it by diverging from formula. If there's one thing that we all can agree on, you will have a plenty of great time watching this movie.

This movie is just the worst. Bad. Soo bad. Bad and bad but really stupid and bad. Please stop.

Came off like a bad 80's movie directed by a straight to dvd action director with a over bloated budget.
It was cringe inducing. Deadpool comes off like a mother with a European Step Father gay inuendo super long joke that ends with violence and killing is right and Collasis good ways are wrong. Riiight. Savagery FTW. Cause thats comedy.
Deadpool needs a comedy director to escalate these films to give it way more impute into whats funny and less cherry picking from awful bmovie 80s flicks stale left over jokes.
Damn.The new characters were cringe. SPOILER the killing of DP's girl sent this film into a bore. Just not fun this time around.

I went to see Deadpool 2, despite the fact that I usually dislike superhero movies. I've seen the first par,t a really funny movie that didn't take itself too serious and didn't care about the normal conventions of such movies, breaking the 4th wall, weird and misplaced humour made it an above average movie for me. 
So I went into this movie expecting something that would made me laugh and entertain me, of course knowing that second parts in generell tend to be more dull and less surprising.
What I got couldn't keep up with my expectations at all. 
Whoever wrote this mess of a plot should pay me my money back, it was like every existing cliché of this genre was just mixed together to prevent making anything of value or essence.
But I wouldn't care too mzch about the weaknesses of the plot, if the movie,at least from time to time, would make me laugh and actually entertain me but that just didn't happen. So many characters, so many plots, so many different moods - are we suddenly supposed to take Deadpool's personal story serious? It is just as the movie couldn't decide if it wants to be something to be laughed at or not. And even Deadpool himself talking to us at certain points and telling us how stupid and lazy written the plot is can't save this mess. The whole movie to me looked like all the worst parts of every superhero movie I've ever seen mixed together and combined with the deeply ironic "Meta" character of Deadpool, hoping to create something that in any way resembles the innovative and entertaining first part which just didn't work at all.There was literally one joke in the movie that genuinely made me laugh and that was used in the introduction so I went pretty much a full 2 hours without anything making me laugh, which is pretty impressive because I think that in my whole life rarely 2 hours have passed where I didn't laugh or at least smirk about anything, so in that reagards the movie has done something pretty impressive,just being THAT unfunny. Definetely some of the least funny content that my poor eyes and ears ever had to witness.

If you're reading this, please save yourself don't want this piece of crap. Seriously worst movie of 2018. There is no plot what so ever. There are just clumsy pop culture references.

Bad CGI, Barley a Plot, rushed villain & no where near as funny as the first film, negasonic barley gets any screen time in this, but the characters we do see are not really that interesting apart from Domino and some of the previous cast. Even though this film was Rated R it feels like Disney had some influence on this as it's a much safer deadpool movie along with so many MCU references. You can also really see the change in director as Tim Millers Deadpool was much more funnier, with a more dark X rated feel to it and a much more polished movie then this. Some of the action scenes are better this time around & stick around for the mid credits as they are pretty funny but that's pretty much it disappointing sequel.

Boring boring boring. First instalment was funny, interesting and exciting this is the opposite. The jokes were also trashy

While the first instalment was good this is very weak. Do not bother with it.

SPOILER: Not a huge fan of david leitch, but this movie really disappoints. 'jokes' aren't funny at all. frankly, 30 mins in, i couldn't wait for the movie to end. *spoiler* towards the end, after he took a bullet for the kid, and it took forever for him to die, i almost screamed out loud in the cinema "die already!"
big part of me wish that's the end of deadpool series but of course, it wasn't meant to be.

Last among all marvel as well as x men movies. even deadpool one was better

What made the first movie good is not present anywhere in this film. The story is forced on by unrealistic events which don't have seem to have any logical reason behind them. The acting is terrible, the dialogue, worse. If you consider yourself a movie person, Deadpool 2 will be a terrible experience and if you are a fan, you'll be greatly disappointed.

I have gone through lots of the reviews and it seems the ones who are rating this trash so high are one post wonders. I know I should post more but meh.
Do not pay to watch this movie. I watched it for free and still fealt that I was ripped off. C'mon Hollywood are you really getting that lazy? Wave something shiny and we're supposed to go ohhh ahhh.

This movie is way over hyped. I was sorely disappointed in it as I really liked the first one. The witty dialogue was way over done and over used - too much of it so it lost it's charm. And deadpool kept taking me out of the movie when he kept turning and talking to the audience about the movie's lazy writing - which ironically - he was right about. And why did they all think if the kid killed the guy that tortured him it would be bad for the kid? Deadpool himself killed the other pervert. That didn't make any sense. And what was the point of wasting our time interviewing for super heroes when they all died just skydiving? They didn't even get a chance to fight. And why was that one dude after deadpool in the first place? Too many holes in this thing. A complete mess. I want my time back on this one.

I was laughing so hard with the first Deadpool. But this one, I was finding myself wanting to take a nap. Wasn't funny at all. Save your money, and just take a nap at home. I gave it 2 stars because I laughed once.

They took everything I loved about the first movie and exaggerated so much that it became a parody. This was a stupid movie with 2-grade mean jokes. I am so disappointed.

I surprisingly enjoyed the first movie. So I decided to go see Deadpool 2. They were spently of things in this movie that were clever and fun. But overall, it was extremely predictable and long. I reckon they could have cut half the time if they didn't go back and forward. I paid $20 for a movie ticket and wont be going again to see it unfortunately. Too expensive and too long.

I was bored, dumbfounded, confused, and deeply disappointed. I was not entertained. I did not like the constant crashing and bashing with no ill effects. I almost fell asleep. Don't waste your time and money. See UPGRADE instead. Now that's a great film for the same price of admission.

I loved the first Deadpool movie. It had good action, catchy one liners, and DP's trademark 4th wall breaking. This second outing has all of that too with the addition of Deadpool now being a full blown social justice warrior! Because that's exactly how a badass former special forces operator who is now a mercenary would talk. Calling Cable racist throughout the movie because he asked Dopinder to turn off his music. Saying Black Tom is using cultural appropriation (a hallmark term for SJWs) because he's a white guy using that name. I could go on and on. I admit there were some good pop culture references and lines that gave me a light chuckle but overall DP's left wing schtick got tiresome fast. He is nothing like that in the comics and he was nothing like that in the original movie. If you don't like being hit over the head with propaganda disguised as jokes watch the first one and call it a day.

I need to start by saying I see pretty much every Marvel movie and usually enjoy them all. This one is an exception. I enjoyed Deadpool's first outing fine - but this one takes it too far.I think based on the success of the first film, the people behind Deadpool 2 thought they could amp everything up - the sillyness, the crudeness, and the ridiculousness. While I don't personally have a problem with the amped up crudeness, the silly, nonsensical nature of the film goes way too far. At times it's a laughable mess that's absolutely unwatchable. The whole narrative that this film takes on is unnecessary and the lengths it goes to in order to be able to tell the story of the helpless kid mutant is absolute ludicrousness. The kid's story is fine, but Deadpool's narrative suffers for it because the movie isn't really about him, his life, or anything that made us like Deadpool's first film.Bottom line: I wouldn't see this movie again if I was paid the ticket price just to go. It's that bad.

I hate this move. First half was the most boring thing i have ever seen. I would leave cinema if i wasn't there with friends. Second half was better but still not worth your time and money. Jokes in this movie are awful. The worst jokes in the movie are dirty jokes (i love to call them sick jokes). I would find them funny if i was 12 years old but they are just gross for me now. And yeah, i saw alot 10-15 years old kids in cinema and they were laughing hard on them. Alot of jokes aren't originall at all. I found some jokes pretty hard to understand (and i guess 90% of people didn't) but even thought they were not funny. i heard people laughing hard only because they understood joke, while it was just not enough for me. Storyline is also boring, predictable and already seen in tons of previous movies. I couldn't care less for characters... It looks like this movie wants everyone to like it (and it succeeded). It really has something for everyone, but sadly not for me ..

I was so looking forward to this second movie, the first was just fantastic.The second movie was nothing but: Look at me, I'm Ryan Reynolds and I hate the new administration and the whole Trump family.So many attacks against the president and his family, and although I was fully aware Reynolds was the star, that didn't bother me, I can usually shake that kind of thing off, but it was too much.The close ups, the bad jokes, the mayhem, were all really bad. Too much time was taken up with Republican attacks and I just had to turn it off. The first film was great.

The film itself wasn't bad, or particularly special. Just more silly b*tt and basic instinct jokes. Maybe funny for 12 year olds. What wasn't funny was saying a person is a Jared Kushner lookalike - just before blowing his head off. Unnecessary politics in a science fiction/fantasy movie. I also don't understand why picking on people with celiac disease is remotely funny. Last one I've seen.

It's not a spoiler saying Xforce was hardly even in it It's what should be known going into the movie. If you went into the theater like I did. Hoping to see some great X Force action then found out that they were Barely even a thought. Then read after the movie that all the sequences of the X force in the trailer were purposely filmed only for the trailer and were never planned to be in the movie except to accomplish a single pointless gag. Then you'd feel lied to like I did. That aside the movie was a loud pointless crap show that tries way too hard to be witty and likeable but inevitably ends up cramming in every low hanging fruit it can. I assume that many will like that quality and will argue that that is the point of Deadpool. That being said. Even the first Deadpool had a sense enough to feel real and let the drama sink in here and there. It felt like the plot mattered.

Totally useless and boring movie ! I want my money back !

Good action but overwhelming by too much jokes. You gotta do something better next time pool.

As a spoof of superhero genre with constantly breaking the fourth wall and all the jokes at the expense of pop culture , this sure is funny but it should not be , at least , praised cause it is a bad tradition .

The ending scene with Wade dying summarizes the whole movie pretty well. It lingers on and on and on with no added value whatsoever.Jokes were not funny, predictable movie altogether. Just milking on the success of the first one without anything new worth for it.

The best part was the opening credits, seriously. The first Deadpool movie was entertaining enough, but this sequel was unsatisfying predictable crud with a thick slathering of pathetic insincere preachiness on top. Literally there is nothing new here, the jokes are stale, the action boring, and the acting pathetic.Avoid.

Deadpool 2 has its share of funny moments and action but there is so little in the wy of plot that it's impossible to care what happens to anyone. What plot there is doesn't even really start until about 45 minutes into the movie. The first 45 minutes is like an extended prologue that should have been cut to a montage in the opening credits.
The best thing in this film was Domino, the female character whose superpower is that she's lucky. The other new characters are totally forgettable. Even the kid from Hunt for the Wilderpeople is wasted here. His character isn't likeable and doesn't even have any funny lines that I can remember.
There were lots of moments that were meant to be serious, but with the lack of any conflict these parts were just boring. And whenever it did get funny, it usually had nothing to do with the plot.
Overall this film is badly paced and structured, with a plot that's barely there.

Trashy jokes, bad story line way behind original. Don't waste your time.

Not sure what movie everyone is giving a 10 star rating to, but the DP2 I watched was a dull, campy, and over the top bore. Everything that made the first movie cool, funny and memorable was absent here. Hell even Cable mostly sucked. Only thing good about this one was Domino.

Well... the stench from Hollywood has reached an all time high with this one. It didn't take long after the movie started to realize the language had already turned me off. I was thankful we had no children with us.
The story line was very good, but, as usual, Hollywood can't seem to offer America anything but filth.
Very disappointed with the stars in this movie even allowing them to write such mess for them.
I wasted my time and money on this one... Hollywood has just got to do better...

SPOILERS!!!
There are a lot of things to like about this sequel, however politics aren't one of them. For one thing, referring to a weasely looking guy as Jared Kushner before shooting him in the head and excusing it as an act of revenge for a boy who had been tortured by anti-mutant hospital..defeats the purpose of showing the boy that killing is wrong to fix your life. Since in the future we see the boy grows up to destroy a LOT of life (Hitler anyone?). The point is Deadpool wants his cake and eat it too.
Sorry, the ultra-violent diffused with dark humor is the problem with desensitizing our young society into committing violent crimes. Regardless of studies, because frankly...overstimulation of this level of violence doesn't compute with the simple minded which is what we don't address. It's too touchy to say, SOME Americans are too dumb to differentiate fact from fiction. I grew up with violence on screen, but this takes it to a level where there isn't the consequences.
That said, the comedy also wears thin. Unless you grew up in a specific pop culture bubble, very little of Deadpool humor will land. You also get the sense that he thinks he is already three steps ahead of you before you can accuse him of anything. That smug attitude doesn't work in long form. Being this arrogant and then depending on the audience to root for you to get back to your love interest?...nope.
You just wish his likability didn't feel like a child who is yelling out loud for an adult to pay attention. Yes, it gets tiresome.

I started watching it, then stopped. Something was wrong. I thought that I just was in a wrong mood. Decided to watch it later. I started watching it again after 2 days, and then, I got it. It wasn't me, it was 'wrong' movie, and this film creators were in the wrong mood while creating it.

What would have been a great movie just had to be spoiled by cringeworthy politically correct comments throughout the movie.

Deadpool 2 masterfully pushes the wild humor and emotion to new heights, which sufficiently covers up narrative flaws and a misstepped social commentary.
Compared to Deadpool, Deadpool 2 seems more comfortable handling the elements that made the original a success. The humor is bolder and more self-aware because the audience is already familiar with the characters. Ryan Reynolds masters the tricky balance between heavy emotion and outrageous wisecracks because the audience is trained to expect a joke for every heartfelt scene, and the movie gladly obliges. Every trick in the book is used to evoke emotional responses, but the winks to the audience make such manipulation acceptable, even welcome. 
For those worried that Deadpool 2 is more of the same, they needn't fret. The movie introduces a handful of new characters, each well-acted and funny in their own way. There are also some celebrity cameos sprinkled in. Sure, some of them are there solely to make a joke or two, but a couple of the new characters clearly places in future movies. 
Compared to some superhero movies, Deadpool 2 has a streamlined narrative and pulls off a highly successful third act. The climax of the movie not only avoids the Marvel "villain problem," but it's also packed with great action, hilarious jokes, and solid character moments. This success overshadows some plot inconsistencies in the first and second act, which are minor but might bother some hypercritical audience members.
Despite Deadpool 2's undeniable strengths, two features hold it back slightly. First, the subject of death is handled with such inconsistency that it seems jarring. One character's death is an unspeakable tragedy, while another's is just a comic bit. The movie missed an opportunity to make fun of the careless treatment of civilian deaths in comic-book movies, but instead fell into the trope. Deadpool 2 also tried to make a progressive commentary on diversity in superhero films, but its minority characters did not have particularly strong roles. Thus, this commentary seemed a bit undeserved and out-of-place. 
For fans of the original Deadpool, the sequel will not disappoint. The movie capitalizes on what it did well in the first movie and the result is a riotously entertaining, surprisingly emotional, and satisfying second installment.

Unbelievable. Outrageous. This is not a movie. Pure garbige. What a waste of time!!!

Deadpool 2 is a example of what happens when you make a sequel and don't care. It makes you wish that you get up and leave the theater because there is nothing that can make Deadpool 2 worth watching.When I saw the movie in theaters I like everyone else expected a sequel that could've topped it first movie but nope it didn't even come close as a matter of fact everything about Deadpool 2 proves to have been a total waste of time and a waste of my hard earn money.The acting in the movie is beyond awful it felt like no effort went into making the movie it shows that the cast was only doing the movie to get a paycheck and it just one of those movies where they clearly didn't care.The music in the movie is enough to make you cover your ears and the comedy isn't worth it.I could write a book about how bad this movie is but it would be a waste of good paper because there is nothing worth while about Deadpool 2 that even a dollar theater would find it worth playing.
It is just real bad comedy and do yourself a favor and avoid at all costI give Deadpool 2 a 1 out of 10

Loved the first one so was excited for the sequel but was disappointed. the plot line was not interesting for me and felt weak and very thin. the Deadpool character felt very one dimension and like a one trick pony thing. repeating his lines again and again in that same jokey/edgy way which I grow tired of. yes I had a few laughs but I was waiting for the movie to end already and thats not a good sign.

It's no secret that the first Deadpool movie was a huge hit, mainly because of its unique approach to a comic book movie, emphasizing comedy through its parody of various pop-culture references. Two years later, we now have the sequel, "Deadpool 2", directed by David Leitch, which is the eleventh film in Fox's X-Men film franchise. Deadpool 2 manages to be a slight improvement over its predecessor with plenty of the usual laughs you'd expect, despite having a plot that seems a little too familiar.Deadpool 2 is seemingly set shortly after the events of the first movie, with Ryan Reynolds returning as Wade Wilson/Deadpool. In this, Deadpool is up to his usual antics: fighting crime, making jokes, and embarrassing criminals. However, things soon take a turn for the worse when he comes across a young mutant named Russell (Julian Dennison), who's currently being hunted by a cybernetic soldier from the future named Cable (Josh Brolin). To stop Cable, Deadpool forms a group with other mutants and calls the group "X-Force". It's an interesting story, but the problem here is that some of the aspects of the plot feel a bit too familiar. It's basic plot is very similar to "The Terminator", a robotic guy hunting down a young boy because the boy is important in the future in some way, shape or form. Of course, it's not exactly the same, as Deadpool 2 obviously has its own narrative elements that separates it from The Terminator, but the basic plot outline is a bit too similar. Nevertheless, the story does manage to be an improvement over its predecessor, as that movie had a very formulaic and predictable plot that bogged down the overall experience. Deadpool 2's plot, while familiar in a way, is much more coherent, unpredictable, and overall more engaging and satisfying. What I really like and respect about the Deadpool series is that they don't follow the traditional comic book movie guidelines. Instead, it tries to be its own unique entity with its crude jokes and parody. Like the first film, it often breaks the "fourth wall" by making jokes about various other pop-culture fads and even other movies. It's a comic book movie but also a parody of everything that's popular in today's culture. It's certainly not "kid friendly" like Marvel's MCU movies, which is why it has an "R" rating. Although some may not like that, it's a refreshing and unique take on the superhero genre that helps keep it from getting stale. The movie has its fair share of jokes, but where it improves upon its predecessor is the quality of the jokes. I found myself laughing more often while watching this one compared to the first one where it only had a few decent laughs. Even though Deadpool 2 lacks the surprise element when it comes to the comedy because we knew what to expect coming into it, it still manages to be funnier than the first one, which speaks to the quality of the writing by Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick, and Reynolds. Speaking of Reynolds, he is just as good here as he was in the first movie. Many actors and actresses fit their superhero roles well, and Reynolds as Deadpool is no exception. All in all, Deadpool 2 delivers exactly what you would expect: comedy, action, and an overall good time. It ends up achieving the rare feat of improving upon the original, even if it's only a slight improvement. In the summer of big blockbusters, Deadpool 2 makes it two for two so far.

Got bored 49 minutes in to the film 
the jokes were poor 
overly long and dull monologues 
plot was weak
only reason for the 2 stars is because i enjoyed one of the fight scenes

I went to see Deadpool because I wanted a big bag of popcorn and a coke. After the first 3 minutes I decided to ride this one out to see if it could possibly get any worse because I held no hope that it would have the slightest chance of getting better.
 That is when the Wizard appeared!! He had that big head like in his own movie and was obviously appearing from behind the screen. He said " This movie really really sucks and I have taken you for twelve dollars and fifty cents!!!"
"Bwaa haa haa haa!!!!:"
 But still I pressed on! I spent the next few minutes trying to figure how many times the f-bomb had to be used to totally render it inconsequential. This word choice exceeded that threshold on the 172nd time of utterance. The Wizard chimed in and said" Do not dwell upon nor ask about the Great Unknowables!" I am certsin the grammer coach came over from 3 billboards in ebbiing.... 
 During these proceedings I kept waiting for something to laugh about or care about ot even cry about but there were no such emotional connections to be made. I wish I could say that there were plot lines that mattered or carried the film but I could not find any at all. Confusion, bewilderment, and boredom carried the day. So the film plodded along to it's nonsensical conclusion. The Wizard had only three more words. "Sorry, No refunds"

I understand that everyone has their own viewpoint; one man's meat... and all that, but I find it difficult to believe that anyone would want to award anything above one star for this movie. Written? Directed? Surely not. More likely just a hotch-potch of random stuff, virtually all of it complete rubbish, pulled together in an editing room.
More likely is that this is some sort of experiment/joke, with the studio wallers wanting to see just what they could get away with on a selection of gullible cinema goers. Sort of a 'the king's clothes' situation.
In summary: that's two hours of my life I won't get back.

Ryan Reynolds is a captivating and comical actor, really like his portrayal of the sarcastic, deadly masked vigilante. However the sequel is not as interesting as its original. The premise of Deadpool was a cluster of awkward jokes and found myself uninterested and lost in the primary objective.

I thought this movie was kinda boring, the first one was way better then this one. It lacked a good sense of humor, the story was kind of empty. Lack of overview about cables story of him and the kid. The action was kinda low. And not alot of funny parts. It was not easy to top the first One.
I felt dissapointed.

You now when you are a kid or drunk or heartbroken and you indulge with a super sugar fatfest. And that first bowl is great but then the second not so much...Something is off here and this is from a fan of the first one which I thought was both funny and well acted - great adult fare.Tim Miller, the director of the first film, was pushed out by Ryan Reynolds who wanted to double down on the raunchy comedy. Though new director David Leitch easily handles the action, the problem is that the action soon becomes boring when there are no stakes.Most of the cast are underwhelming which is shocking considering the talent. How can Brolin bring to life Thanos who is CGI and be so boring as a real life human. Even Julian Dennison who stole everyone's hearts in "Hunt for the Wilderpeople" cannot save the film. The only one who impresses is Zazie Beetz, who doubles down from "Atlanta" to make an impressive addition to the cast.Essentially there is no plot. We already know the schtick and also not as original or as kinetic as the first one. There is zero suspense and one surprise was some of the worst CGI I have witnessed in a big budget film.The best joke in the entire film is the second of two credit stingers which is pretty damning

We just got back from the preview of DP2 in Sweden and We are still laughing. This is a Perfect sequel. Thank you for just doing it funny and easy going! As it should be Done! Love// Anna & Jesper (+45)

This movie feels like it tried too hard to be funny. They took so many parts from the first movie which made it too obvious and it ruined it. There is no originality that this movie brought to the table. They ruined this movie completely. There were way too many jokes being thrown that you couldn't even take this movie or the story seriously. I'm not really sure what they were thinking but they should have placed more effort on the screenwriting or directing in general. I must warn you that there are spoilers on this review because I am going to mention several things that they rehashed from the first movie. First one was when how Deadpool complains about why there were never any X-Men in the mansion every time he visits and how the studio completely cheaped out! Yeah that was on the first movie. Second was when
Deadpool narrates the movie and takes the audience back in time to get caught up, yeah that was also on the first movie. 3rd was when he grabs someones balls and tries guess whose balls it was, humor was rehashed from the first movie when he grabbed Colossus' balls and tried to guess whose it was. 4th, Deadpool gets stabbed in the head, has slow motion and a cheesey 80s music playing, also happened in the first movie and both scenes occurred towards the end also when they were fighting the bad guys. 6th when they all walked together to fight the bad guys at the end and the fighting music was playing, that was also on the first movie. hopefully they can fix this on the 3rd movie because this was a complete mess.

I'm appalled. I walked out 3/4 through and can't believe I'm the only one who will do so.

Not like the old one, too much CGI and the plot is useless.

Sorry the movie is very weak, super heroes movies are getting bored, this movie is a complete mess, too much bad

Sorry. This is not spoiler but i only enjoy 1/10 of the movie. Jokes arent funny. Plot is too simple. Sorry its a no no this time

This is definitely not a movie for young kids! This movie had me laughing and crying. Make sure and stay through to see the bits at the end! Great characters and acting, hoping to see a Deadpool 3 soon!

This movie is boring leftist dribble, Hollywood is ruining another franchise. Forced jokes and played out action scenes. Save your money.

This was terrible plain and simple.
Just left me 2 hours older and
$30 lighter in the wallet.
I need a break from these superhero movies and I only watch maybe half of them.
I'm honestly thinking that many of these ratings and positive reviews of late on these movies are bots or studio generated, will be only watching when recommended from trusted friends period.

I am a bug fan of marvel comics and movies. When the first movie came out I could believe how good it was so good that I watched it 2 times in cinema and then bought blu Ray and watched it a couple of times since then, it always makes me laugh so hard.
I had some expectations for this one but didn't expect much since I didnt want to be disappointed but I could never imagine it being so bad.Story has improved since first movie but everything else went wrong. There is quite a few new characters but they all are just there without any characteristics they are just there On the other side everything is focused on deadpool even cable isn't developed as he should be. Jokes are flat, no one was laughing maybe just one or twice for a short period but thats it everything is forced. Cgi omg. ..There better and more realistic animations on ps3 games and even ps2 at some points. .

Green Lantern was better!..............................Im joking its not that bad!Bit of a precursor if your reading this, thanks, more importantly if you loved the film good for you I wish I did. Even though this review on the surface looks like a rant its not I assure you, even though I really didn't like the film I will try my hardest to give some positives with some constructive criticism.I had absolutely no expectations going into this film, I personally thought the first film was good but I wasn't a huge fan. Trailers for this did look promising but nothing amazing caught my eye, however nothing prepared me for the full film. I have no idea what I just watched, did I see a different film to everyone else?? I'm going to try give some positives but this film was extremely boring. Im not gonna trash this film to pieces, I personally don't like doing that, I will try to find some positives. There are only a few positives I can take away really firstly the best performance and most interesting character in the whole film is Domino played by Zazie Beetz. I though her character was an interesting and funny concept that actually worked however I feel her didn't get enough screen time. Another positive is the action and directing is ok from David Leitch, nothing mind blowing but all ok. Erm...........trying to think of something else nice to say...........erm..........Some of the jokes where ok I suppose but a lot of them did not land for me. Unfortunately thats it I think, which is a real bummer. I'll keep the negatives short as possible, there are a lot of them. Firstly characters, apart from Domino, were all really one dimensional even though the film was trying desperately to give them emotion and backstory. The fact that a "C-side" character in Domino is the best character is worrying. The story as a whole is really boring, dull and nothing new, its sort of completely against everything the first film built up as a foundation. The jokes for the most part did not land for me, there was a huge amount of them but thats to be expected. What else erm..............you know it was so dull I think Ive forgotten a lot of the film.........Josh Brolin was getting a pay check. The kid oh wow was he annoying, why would you want to help that kid?? Even though there is pretty much action for a lot of this film, Ive never had an experience like this, I was bored out of my mind watching it.Overall this film is definitely not what I was expecting and undoes everything the original film did so well. I hate doing this but 30% out of 100 or 3 out of 10 this film is bad and I certainly won't watch it again. If you loved this film great, fantastic and good for you but this was not for me. I know I will be in the minority on this but each to your each, It is sad because I genuinely wanted to like the film. Best thing to do watch the first film and forget this one!

This movie had #predictable and #mediocre written all over it. As per this edition Deadpool apparently is a hero whose only specialties are profanity and double-entendres. Apart from that he's no different than any atheist punk with a good heart. He repeatedly takes jabs at Disney, Marvel's own, DC and others but on its own this movie is made for pansies. The action scenes were pathetic at best with the CGi plainly noticeable and moronic. There's no real story or sequence but Morena Baccarin gets the hard-on going as the prime eye-candy while Zazie Beetz keeps the eyeballs from wandering elsewhere. Josh Brolin will identify with fans of Duke Nukem. Karan Soni as the indian cabbie ends being a real clown than the one he's portraying. Brianna Hildebrand, tight as she is, is unutilized for action or eye-candy. 
The first movie was far more engaging while this seems like a half-baked effort made by someone on hormone therapy. This movie is not recommended for kids not only because it's anti-God, profane and pro-homo but totally boring and unentertaining from the get go..So the two stars go for Morena and Zazie.

I would make a Twitter account just to bash Reynolds and tell him even the green lantern movie was better than this disgrace! When I saw the first one I laughed so hard I cried, I saw it 3 times and still laughed. I saw this one and i laughed only once during the whole movie... a person who is dying of cancer is more fun than this movie! Horrible! And as for the critics reviews... grow a backbone and tell us what you really think and stop giving points because they were so politically correct and made the megasonic teenage bla bla thing gay.

Everything about this is absolutely awful. However the script is especially dreadful. I bet whoever wrote this dross thinks it's funny and edgy......fyi it's lame, lacks any wit, and only dumbed down braindead morons with jelly for brains would even laugh at this or find it entertaining.It's one of the worst movies ever made.

It's almost as if they didn't even want to try with the plot writing on this one. The original was clever, sadistically humorous, and had a decent storyline. The sequel was just garbage. It's like the outtakes from the original stitched together into an incoherent mess. Was hoping for better.

Less comedy. useless action. no story line at all. 1st deadpool movie was way better

Not a single original joke. Everything is reheated and repeated from elsewhere. Lazy, simplistic story line filled with juvenile humor stretched over what should have bee nan hour and twenty max, but instead goes on for two boring hours.

Let's be honest here, if the world had people with brains this movie would be an utter flop. Too much violence and unnecessary use of language. It should be rated x, and the x force did not last long. These people try to be funny by swearing and giving bad advice and through violence making no logical sense,but they are not. Worse than 1, did not live up to my expectations

I went into this film excited and came out feeling nothing. The opening of the film was great but afterwards it just drags on. The jokes were not that funny. There were one or two scenes that got a slight chuckle out of me but that was it. The humor felt like a step down to the humor in the first film. Almost all of the new characters introduced I did not care about at all, they were either unlikable or uninteresting. I say almost because Domino was the only new character I actually liked. The plot, what little there was, boring and forgettable. Had it not been constantly interrupted by gags and meta jokes, it might have been somewhat interesting.All in all, a massive disappointment in my opinion. I would not recommend this film and would instead recommend watching the first one. $12 and 2 hours wasted.

Watched 45 minutes and turned it off. 
No way near as good as first one .
Little humour , little action. 
Very disappointing.

Just when I thought the first one couldn't be any more overrated. They make another one. Pure sh¡t

The best thing about this movie is, OH WAIT! There is no best thing about this trash. Whoever wrote this, someone needs to take away his or her pencils,, and hide the boxes of crayons. This movie makes senseless movies watchable.
Actually the really great thing about this movie, is THE END!!!!!!!

Garbage sums it up. Want my money back. Turn off the sound and you might make it through This sorry excuse for comedy dialog just takes the cake. Let's put in as many awful,I don't even want to call them jokes for the brain dead as we can. All I could think is really how on earth can someone think this is funny. Same stuff in guardians of the galaxy 2 just not as often . I guess they used the same people. If your iq is above 2 you would do wise to stay clear.

I am Waiting for long time for this movie. This movie has no story. No plot, although action and acting is good but no story. First deadpool is best of the best film then this film.

Cliche, dumb, unfunny, so much cringe, stupid plot

Don't make the same mistake I didn't and spend 2 hours of your life watching this trash.

Deadpool sequel was the one of the most awaiting movie in my list since I became a fan after the first installment. Deadpool delivers the same humour and action like its predecessor. Desdpool 2 shows that it is childish and entertaining in its own ways. Ryan Reynolds is great as an ass-kicking Superhero character.

There is nothing great about this movie.No plot
Jokes not funny
Lame characters
Disgrace to superhero moviesWas expecting better after DP1Not this crap! What a waste of time!

It has no fun or even twisted logic of first deadpool

It is trash. It has no fun or satire of first deadpool

Admittedly I'm not much of a Ryan Reynolds fan. I like the guy well enough but I saw the first Deadpool movie because I'm a fan of Brianna Hildebrand, however I did really enjoy myself with Deadpool and looked forward to the sequel. But what a waste of time the sequel was! I'm glad I rented it from Google, using a credit no less or else I would've felt really jipped, so I could go back and watch from where I had fallen asleep! That's how wasteful this movie was in its characters compared to the first... Now I don't expect much seriousness from Deadpool, but the fun of the first just wasn't there near as much in the second...Okay, as a fan of Brianna Hildebrand, I was looking forward to seeing more Negasonic Teenage Warhead, the teen superhero (now full fledged) but still with a teen attitude. Boy, you'd expect her to be actually in the movie wouldn't you? Nope, rather she's in two scenes I think lasting a combined ten minutes. Talk about a wasted opportunity for furthering the character! Colossus got more screen time, new girl Domino got more screen time, but Negasonic? Nope, blink and you missed her... With a no longer as fun storyline, the marginalization of one co starring character and the removal of another do yourself a favor, wait until you can stream this for free, legally, or use a credit from one of the online stores like I did. It's the only thing keeping me from feeling like I was really jipped...

Pretty poor, I thought. The jokes were poor, lazy and standard political correct crap. Something that I've started to notice a lot in films these days.

Too poor movie.!
All well predictable, as if that were not enough, Deadpool goes on to tell everything, to look cool.
At least Vanessa was not a standard woman.
Boring...

Pathetic and pointless. I can't believe people actually find this childish garbage funny. There's no hope for Hollywood film making if this is what sells nowadays. Marvel is just a washed out sellout now.

What's up suckas! It's your friendly Deadpool again with a bona fide sequel ready for your pleasure. You all probably remember the Oscar winning Deadpool (Fine! There were no nominations, but I should have won "Best Actress"). It was a movie we'd tried to make for a while, but Fox wouldn't agree with the direction and the R rating that's the only way to do me justice. After much arguing and bedfellow time, Deadpool was finally made and was a big hit. That wasn't it for me. We then had shirts, cereal, a Christmas rap album, elementary school textbooks...you know, the stuff that appears everywhere!Whatever, even if one or two of those things didn't happen, Deadpool proved that there is an audience for an R rated super hero story. So now we got more money and more freedom to do what we want with our sequel. So where do we go from there? In the previous movie, I teased that Cable would finally show up. It's not Keira Knightly, but I'm happy with what we have. We've also got more meta stuff, a full team, and plenty of the gory good stuff you want. Let's explore Deadpool 2 and see if it's just as good. Just as I, Deadpool (Played by Ryan Rynolds) am settling into a nice lifestyle of sword slashing and target hunting, something awful happens to me when I nearly get myself killed...or blown up. It's only when Colossus brings me back to Xavier's (Stewart or McAvoy, take your pick) mansion where I agree to join the X-Men as a way of healing. When I try to help out a young mutant Russell Collins or Firefist (played by Julian Dennison), he and I get arrested where our powers are stripped as we try to do what we can. But that's the least of my worries.Just as prison starts to look cushy, a cybernetic solider from the future Cable (played by Josh Brolin) breaks in to apparently kill Russell. I wasn't going to let this maniac get him, so I manage to separate us, but leaving Russell still in that prison. To prevent another strike, I finally decide to start a team I call X-Force. Joining this team also includes Domino (played by Zazie Beetz), Colossus, Negasonic Teenage Warhead (played by Brianna Hildebrand), Shatterstar (played by Lewis Tan), Bedlam (played by Terry Crews) and I think a guy named Peter; no powers, but seems like a team player.What's best about Deadpool 2 is what you don't know. That's why I'm glad to say that the sequel is just as good as the first. Not better, not worst, but just as entertaining as my last outing. What's fascinating this time is that while the original Deadpool was a love story, the sequel is definitely a family story. Not that it's appropriate for children (which I'm sure they'll catch at a friends sleepover), but it's willing to dive deeper into my complex nature.I have to say that aside from Ryan Reynolds doing another phenomenal job playing me, Josh Brolin makes for a fun Cable. Like a good buddy cop story, his grizzled (but understandable) nature is a fantastic contract to my anarchy ways. Perhaps if he's lucky, he'll get his own movie. I have to give kudos to young Julian Dennison whose not only a rare big kid whose not here to make fat jokes, but carries a lot of pain from his time before. Yet, I can't give away just why, but it involves more mutant discrimination. So where does my movie not shine. I think it's from the fact that I seem too quick to the idea of joining teams even though my last movie was a tribute to why I wouldn't. That makes for a slight departure in character who only cares about himself and his close ones. That's not to say he gains new friends, but it could have used a bit more quieter moments to let it sink in. How about that humor? It hits well. My constant jokes, puns, and occasional forth wall breaks don't overshadow the movie's intent, but rather builds on that tone that people like.I'll give this eight pictures of me with super soakers out of ten. What can I say but you know what your getting if your seeing my movie. So check it out if you want an X-Force movie...or at least a Deadpool 3.

Don't expect too much from this movie. Poor story line, plot holes and a total mess. It was utterly annoying.

Terrible, all over the place. Bad plot, acting. Cgi effects are off.

Man was I dissappointed. This failed for me. The first movie had a strong mix of gang members. This one stunk.

Whats up with all the rating?? this movie is so bad. I dont even understand the dialog. I thought they were talking about smt else not in this movie.

The constant back and forth joke lines were terrible and just ruined the entire movie for me

Nowhere near as good as the first. Very random story line. It was like Brolin and Reynolds just wanted it over and collect a fat check!!

I really felt I wasted my time, I was waiting the movie to be finished. There is nothing notable in this movie except the humor but the story sucks really.

Its the same thing as all superhero movies, they show off the cheesy sides of the superhero in the first movie, show off all his moves. Then in another movie they clip off his wings and make him a desperate powerless basic human.Like Thor without his hammer, Bruce Banner that cannot transform into Hulk, Groot that is too little to do any form of damage, here we see the famous Deadpool that somehow got strapped with a collar that strips him of all his powers.

Like Marvel films better than some do, have never been and never will be part of this ridiculous MCU vs DCU war, and the positive critical reception drew me in to seeing 'Deadpool 2'. Being someone who really enjoyed 'Deadpool', though not completely loving it, expectations were high for the sequel and they were met. Like 'Deadpool', 'Deadpool 2' was very entertaining, and again credit is due for trying to take more of a comedic edge to a genre that can be taken seriously (sometimes overly so) and for taking risks. It's also a very good film and count me in as another person who found it an even better film than its predecessor (not many superior sequels out there), being funnier and more ambitious with a much better and memorable villain.'Deadpool 2' for me did have its issues. There are instances where the special effects are rather ropy and artificial-looking.Also personally found Julian Dennison on the annoying side and parts of the story are disjointed.
 However, 'Deadpool 2' is very well made visually. Slick, stylish and brooding with generally typically well crafted effects. The music is haunting and rousing and most of the direction is very assured and sharp, and more in control of the tonal balances. The action is dynamically choreographed and exciting (the parachuting is unforgettable), the scale bigger and bolder, and the romantic and emotional elements just about avoid the mawkish sentimentality trap and instead give 'Deadpool 2' its heart. While not quite as resonant as in the first 'Deadpool' there is more of the man behind the mask.Most of the humour is very funny and has enough freshness, though its extremely black and sometimes crude comedic nature again has proven to be an acquired taste. The jokes are more consistent and there are less "don't quite land" ones, while there is the vulgarity, the crudeness does not go overboard. As said, that it, like the first 'Deadpool', that tried to incorporate humour into an often taken seriously genre was interesting and refreshing. The story is a pretty lightweight one structurally, while showing more ambition in depth and scale than its predecessor, and is occasionally disjointed, but the hugely energetic pace, emotion, tension and sense of fun elevated it. The final act is much better here, more exciting, less muddled and doesn't feel rushed.Ryan Reynolds brings charismatic charisma, vulnerability and great comic timing to the title role, one he was born to play and he successfully allows one to root for his character. Even better is a brilliant Josh Brolin, bringing all the qualities, but with more gruffness and even more menace, that made Thanos in 'Avengers: Infinity War' such a great character and makes Cable a significant improvement by far over the villain in the first film, being actually memorable. Zazie Beetz was a fun addition as Domino (don't agree with the criticisms directed against her), Morena Baccarin and her chemistry with Reynolds still has heart and all the cameos from the X-force members sparkle.Overall, highly entertaining and a sequel and overall film that ticked most of the right boxes. 8/10 Bethany Cox

To satisfy the pre-teen audience and all the little boys and girls and those with the 'brain' of little boys and girls go for it.
Suckers.
Enjoy the next 15 Marvel movies (one month's worth of release).

The first one was just... brilliant.
And now... this! Gross, disgusting, filled with recycled bad jokes - sorry, recycled bad gay jokes-, fake, without a purpose, without plot, a costant mockery addressed to the viewer stupid enough to pay for this pile of digestion waste.

I don't know how many times Deadpool said lazy writing but he was right every time. And the best example of lazy writing. The fact that he had to point it out so often.
And the profanity. So much profanity. Profanity just for the sake of profanity. As if the writers didn't know what to write so they just plugged in more profanity.
Could have been so much better

As bad as first movie..maybe worser..waste of time..he is most overrated and unnecessary superhero of marvel..in addition his is not funny at all..

I remember seeing Deadpool in 2016 and thought in was rubbish and gave it an unwatchable 4 rating, but saw the whole flick.Hearing about Deadpool 2 and believing the hype that it is a much better movie, I took the plunge and started watching it. After an hour I couldn't take it any longer and gave up. It is a worse movie and total trash. How anyone can enjoy crappy jokes and listen to endless twaddle is beyond me. I wonder who those reviewers are that think so highly of it, or is it a matter of follow the leader of mindless supporters?Save your soul and if you thought that Deadpool was bad, don't bother with Deadpool 2, as it is beyond redemption.

I made it 15 minutes. After the third Conservative joke the movie was turned off. Hollywood is garbage.

I don't know how this film gets 8.0 high rating here on IMDB. And I don't know why I chose this one to watch. When the film's finished, I regret my decision. I shouldn't have watched. I've wasted 2 hrs time for nothing. I want that time back.The film is terrible to watch. They stretched the film to make it longer. And the language they used is really bad as in the previous one. The fact that I hate the most is that Deadpool Wade guy is really into some kind of homosexual gene. In the nearly end scene where he hugged that Cable guy. He looked like he wanted to hug him so badly. It's totally unwatchable for me. I really hate that scene.All in all, the film is really bad. But I gave 2 stars anyway. One is for some efforts made by the crew and the other one is for that stunt who died during filming. Otherwise, it doesn't even deserve a star from me.

I'm not going to give any spoilers, all I can say is I didn't expect this movie to be THIS Brilliant! I remember watching the first Deadpool movie and yet that film is fantastic, but the sequel, goodness the jokes are million times funnier than the first movie!I heard people in my row of the cinema cracking up, Ryan Reynolds did yet again a phenomenal job of portraying Deadpool, Julian Dennison played an amazing role of Russell and the X-Force cast were also amazing and funny at the same time! This movie has laugh, cheer and cry moments, I won't say which ones as I don't want to give anything away, one other small thing, no major spoilers...don't leave during the credits!Deadpool: "Great Going *******! You gave away the one ******* thing I wanted to surprise my fans with, they waited so long for this!" I beg of you Deadpool fans to watch this movie! You won't regret it!

I was it in meerut 1st day 1st show....
Hindi version of tis is the worst...good camera work.....else every thing was a mess

Really? The hate Trump Family is now everywhere? I was watching the moving, enjoying it when the main character, Deadpool, approached the kid with fire fists and finds out that he has been abused. He asked "These guys hurt you? Who? Baldilocks? Jared Kushner?". Really??? I had to turn on the subtitles to make sure this was true. Hollywood, can we just enjoy a movie without your constant personal hatred towards the Trump family or the Republicans? I stopped the movie in disgust and sent it back. Too bad, I enjoyed the first "Deadpool".

It's literally the same movie, I paid to watch something I've already seen. I don't get why you would literally release a movie, and then release it again with 95% of the movie the same, with good bits taken out. I could've just watched Deadpool 2 at home - Since there is NO option to vote for Once Upon A Deadpool - and there should be, sadly I'm going to have to come back and downvote this, simply because you made me waste 2 hours of my life and $24.00 for a movie ticket.

.... I admit it ... what a shameful cinematic project ....

It is funny that I decided to watch this film, because I was sorely disappointed by Deadpool 2 in the first place. However, I loved the gimmick in how they would update the movie for a PG-13 rating. Despite the concept that could have gone so much deeper than it did, this "update" did not work for me at still. Every new scene with Fred Savage was completely hilarious, and even with me not ever seeing The Princess Bride, I was still completely enthralled. I loved how these new scenes were sprinkled throughout the entire film, instead of giving them to us all at once.Regardless of how much those new scenes were great, the rest of the film, especially in the first half, are mostly garbage. The film really starts to get good when the auditions for the new superheroes happen, but it continues to get ruined by bad jokes and a horrendously over-the-top child villain. Compared to my first watch of Deadpool 2, I was genuinely bored in some parts, and had to resort to my phone so I didn't fall asleep.I still love the original Deadpool and him as a character, but he did not work for a lot of the second film. Still, he works in these new scenes very well. The parachute scene will be the funniest scene of 2018. And the post-credit scenes were forever be ingrained in my memory.I just wish the rest of the film was on this level.Also, I might mention that my rating went down from my previous rating because with this being PG-13, all it did was remove certain scenes (intro scene) and bleep out the cuss words. It wasn't funny and actually ruined some funny moments actually. The PG-13 element worked much better in the added scenes with Fred Savage.

If you dont wanna waste your time just watch another movie. poor story, not funny at all, while dp1 was funny.

The tilted of the movie is Deadpool2.
The film was was released on cinema on 15 may 2018.
The main roles are played bye Ryan Reynolds, Josh Brolin, Morena Baccarin, Julian Dennison, Zazie Beetz. The movie was written bye David Leitch.-For start DeadPool 2 it's a marvel film.-At the begining of the story some criminal killed deadpool'swife. after, deadpool meets one child and he wants to help her but this child is very angry because at is
boarding school his proviseur uses her to make experiences.
During the film DeadPool wants take his revange and the child want kill is director but maybe he will succead.-My opinion about this film it's : I like the movie but DeadPool 1 is beter; for me deadpool2 is very boring the story is very simple unlike Deadpool 1.The BEST scene of the movie is when deadpool help the child and say to her don't keep bad. And when Deadpool see his wife by a lot of visions during his fights.TADAAAAMMMM !!!!

I was looking forward to this movie. However, talk about utter disappointment! The only good thing about this movie was Zazie Beetz. The rest sucked. I cannot believe anyone would give this movie more than 1 star! The rating for this move seriously questions the integrity of the entire process and does not speak well for IMDB's ability to manage fake reviews.
The movie story line was childish at best with no coherent development, not even for a brainless/entertainment only movie. The acting was so bad it bordered criminal. The humor was non-existent. At no point in the movie was I able to "Get into it". Nothing capped the negative aspects of this movie like Ryan Reynolds' non-stop political jabs, political correctness which were ridiculous, unfounded and plain stupid.
I am not one to include spoilers. If you see it, it is on your dime. You have been warned.

Completely pathetic. I am still in the first 15 mins of the movie already lost interest!

So I didn't think that deadpool one could be out done, boy I was wrong. Deadpool 2 was worst. Who signs off on this project. Ryan Reynolds is garbage, his acting is nonsensical. The plot of this was... not there. A waste of time.

I managed to watch this movie for 30 min, and then stopped wasting my time. 'What dreams may come' 1998 film received 54% on Rotten Tomatoes. And this 'Deadpool 2' 2018 rubbish - 83%? Wow! There is no Justice!

What a torture was to watch it. Wow. Crap. Just about nothing . Can't believe it.. no story really.

Written by 5 years old geeks .... too much talk for nothing with poor stupid jokes. Really pathetic ! Seriously ?? 4 stars ??? This movie is a demonstration of bad taste and drops heavily down the value of MARVEL BRAND. Now I know you can do really bad movies

I went with great expectations and was deeply disappointed. Such a dead boring sequel.Avoid at all cost.

Just a load of ultra-violence and oneliners!
You soon get tired of all violence and killing. Cut off bodyparts and so on...
And all this with a lot of slapstick comments. No thank's.

I assume it was not a rip off of terminator franchised . anyway loved lucky's armpit .

The jokes just get boring and repetitive after sometime, seriously lacking any variety or originality.

Oh dear, what a letdown. This has stretched so far from the fresh, funny, irreverent and energetic approach of the first movie to a boring jumble of drivel. So forced and reaching you'd think it was the fourth or fifth sequel rather than the first.
Cringeworthy attempts at humour, poor characterisation, weak acting, sloppy script and a complete lack of intelligence in the plot whatsoever. I don't mind silly. Sometimes that's wonderfully cool, razor-sharp and comes off. This doesn't. It's just silly, dull and a dreadful waste in every respect,
The only real Marvel is how they managed to screw this up so badly.

That was bloody awful & if it wasn't for the little legs moment would have nothing positive in it. Such a letdown.

Truthfully I've always liked Deadpool but this one did not make no sense at all the storyline was all over the place and it was kind of damn right stupid, I was disappointed.

Missing out on the great opportunity to leave The Untitled Deadpool Sequel as its final title, the second instalment in Merc with a Mouth saga is filled to the brim with R-rated wit, self-congratulatory winks & pop culture references but it is still quite inferior to the original.Set two years after the events that transpired in the first film, Deadpool 2 finds Wade Wilson trying to protect an unstable young mutant from a ruthless cyborg who has arrived from the future, and ultimately assembles a team of mutants in order to save the kid before it is too late.Directed by one of the guys who killed the dog in John Wick, Deadpool 2 feels like an overkill for the most part and lacks the freshness of the original. Add to that its fourth wall breaking & self-referencing gags get old & tiring real soon. The drama suffers because the film never aspires for a proper balance between all aspects.Still, that parody of James Bond opening credit sequence is fun & Ryan Reynolds' dialogue delivery is smooth throughout. Not all its attempts at humour work but the ones that do are catchy. Camerawork is sharp, colourful & zany throughout. And its mid-credits sequence is no less than a highlight. It's too bad what unfolds earlier it isn't as imaginative.There is way too much emphasis on trying to make the film look funny, so much that at some point it all appears a bit too desperate & off-putting. Even the visual effects aren't entirely convincing sometimes and that's never excusable for a film produced on over $100 million budget. The entire film appears repetitive and at times, it's no less than a slog.Coming to the performances, Deadpool 2 is led by Ryan Reynolds' flamboyance & swashbuckling charisma as the eponymous vigilante, and he is excellent both in & out of the suit. But the remaining characters don't have enough flesh on their arcs and most of them are forgettable. The new characters aren't compelling while the reprising ones are still stuck in the same place.On an overall scale, Deadpool 2 goes bigger, louder & darker yet the end result isn't as satisfying as the original. Overstuffed & empty at the same time, there are going to be many who won't mind its shortcomings but for me, this generic action adventure is often dull, at times annoying & above all, soulless. And now I'm not sure if the first film will hold up if I ever decide to revisit.

After enjoying the first movie very much, I really looked forward to watching this.That turned out to be a disappointment.While the first movie certainly went over the top frequently, this second movie is just way too overloaded with crude attempts at humor, much of which was painful to witness.It was entertaining at times, and some of it was quite funny, but it was far too much most of the time.If the first movie was a box of donuts covered in ten kg of sugar, this movie is like getting force fed high fructose syrup with a high pressure hose.If you want non-stop crudity, this will work for you.
If you expect more than that, move along.

I have to agree with Kuturak's review here, although I'll be more generous and give it a 6. The 1st one was really hard to beat. I had high expectations on this one due to the high rating here at IMDB, but it didn't live up to it.It had it's good moments, but there were long stretches that just weren't good. Maybe I should watch the cut version and not the Uncut one ...

This is movie is so desperately tried to be funny, dramatic, edgy and so on to end of it became a 2 hour long cringefest. The first one was fine, I look at it as parody of superhero movies, nothing groundbreaking but enjoyable! This one is just pathetic! One-two jokes were funny but most of them are annoying trash and in-jokes who only the well informed can understand. Technically done better than first one which I appreciate but almost all the characters were annoying but the cringiest part of this film is when it's tried to be "dramatic"! The movie breaks the fourth wall every five minutes to tell us a cheap joke about the last film box office success or how Logan died and few moments later it tried to act like a film with real consequences and drama and it's just pure cringe because the film does it unironically with sad music and so on."Oh somebody died! Feel sad" few minutes later: "Luck is unfilmable!"  And of course films has no consequences because the we need a million DP sequel after that. But sure I will not see any other sequel after that!

1.All jokes 20% was good and other jokes was to 5 years children. 2.it was terrible script,Especially final 10-15 minutes was garbage. 3.little boy's antihero was terrible,and other heroes were not good. 4.there was many mistakes I thought:this film will be entertainment and funny.Unfortunately this movie was terrible and I could sleep as my friend,but I watched this disgusting movie.Did David Leitch watch "deadpool 2"?

The original had its faults, but at least it was made with an understanding of basic storytelling. Halfway through Deadpool 2, I thought, 'What exactly is the plot, here?'. Not even the eponymous hero knows, just some cryptic message from his deceased love, telling him 'Find your heart'. There is no antagonist either, until halfway when it's meant to be Josh Brolin's character that's the big bad, except he's not, then it's the troubled kid, except he's not, then it's Juggernaut. I'd forgive the film its faults if it were at least fun, but we get a preachy, politically correct Deadpool who talks about gender equality, accuses people of cultural appropriation and racism, and describes old white men as rapists. I thought Deadpool was supposed to go against the grain? Not beat people over the head with the same rubbish that bores and patronises people every day in more mainstream fare. And hey, I know the movie makers made fun of it, but that doesn't excuse them from killing off his wife. They want to talk about gender inequality, yet get rid of her because they can't be bothered to write her into the plot, as it's much too much of an effort to have that complication in a superhero's life.

I watched DP2 for the first time in 2019 on HBO immediately after watching Captain Marvel in theaters, and it honestly made me appreciate Captain Marvel (movie that I consider aggressively mediocre) significantly more than I did when I left the theater. None of the jokes landed in this movie. I liked the first Deadpool, but this one made me never want to revisit the character.

Before anyone says I'm being a snob for the title in my review, let me state that, well, it's just true. Predictable, hollywood political, and just simply boring. I wasn't expecting much going into the movie (and truth be told I wouldn't have watched it if not for someone else wanting to). So I guess I'm a bit slanted in my opinion, but so would anyone else with any IQ over 72. Big explosions! Fights that don't mean anything! Huh...3 stars for the occasional laugh.

Deadpool was vaguely entertaining, although weak. I had high hopes for this. Maybe building on the good bits of the first one. No, they took the idiot stuff from the first, multiplied it by a zillion and the resultant mess is Deadpool 2. No spoilers other than the film itself, c'mon Marvel you can do better.

This is the worst Marvel movie ever. Enough said, because time is money and this turd doesn't deserve a nickel of my time.

Ok first off let me be clear - I love Ryan Reynolds so much! He is so funny and clever and just seems like a good dude. And I've loved Josh Brolin since Goonies BUT both of them were wasted in this film. Way too much time was spent trying to fit every single character into the story that it ended up being way too much. I was overloaded and I couldn't figure out what was going on. And the jokes?! They just kept coming and coming and coming...after awhile I was like Ok already! We get it. You're trying to be cute and clever and cheeky and use inside jokes and trying to be too cool for everything and OMG! Just shut up and present an actual story! You know what this felt like? It felt like I was watching 2 hours of a gag reel instead of a movie. And then to top it off this film was trying to make a statement with the girl power thing and the LGBTQ thing AND there's nothing wrong with that but is it relevent to this story? Cause it kind of seemed more like RR was just trying to throw everything against the wall hoping something would stick and those important issues got glossed over and didn't have an opportunity to be fleshed out. I think instead of bringing it to light they just kind of threw all of it in just so they could say they did and not because it was relevent to the storyline. I mean was it supposed to be relevant? I don't even know anymore because I'm not sure what this film was supposed to be about. I mean you'd think with the name of the film being Deadpool that it would focus more on him. Instead it was about Firefist. And by the way I don't care that the actor who played him was morbidly obese but I did care that he couldn't act. He was just plain annoying. I didn't feel anything for him and was disappointed that Cable didn't kill him. I mean he tried to so there is that.And Josh Brolin wasn't given much to do. With all the build up for his character prior to the release of the film I was so excited to see him on screen and then he was just rolling around on the ground for most of the film. We didn't even get a chance to really be invested in him as the "bad" guy before he's turning around wanting to join forces. That just felt rushed. For all the hype they pushed about Cable prior to the release and all the work JB put in physically for this role he deserved a lot more than just rolling around on the ground and standing around trying like hell to look like he didn't have anything better to do. He can act but even he couldn't save this one. You know what I would have liked to see? A movie with the assembled team members they interviewed about half way in. Now those characters were interesting and fun to watch. I wanted more of them. Brad Pitt was the best thing about this film as the Vanisher. His less than two seconds of being onscreen was better than the rest of the movie. If they had just had a full two hours of Vanisher it would've been better than this mess. After a certain point I was no longer interested nor did I care if Deadpool lived or died and that's a shame because I loved the first Deadpool.This movie felt like that annoying acquaintance we all know that is always "on" and when you finally get away from them you're just exhausted. There was too much going on with this film and the knowing looks and breaking of the 4th wall and inside jokes and "nods to" this that and a million other things. It's not funny if the whole audience isn't in on all the jokes. When you have to read the notes from IMdB just to understand the movie you know you pry should have just skipped it.I do not recommend. Let Deadpool die. Make room for the X-Force team. Oh and definitely get "Brown Panther" his own franchise - that dude is funny!

I'm not an expert but I understand that Deadpool tends to be on the humorous side. But I find the comedy too drowning. The story was good. There were several good laughs but overall, I felt like the comedy was too, too much. I wanted to have more of the action that is directly related to the story, not just some random stunt made to give way to the humor. It's not balanced anymore. They could just have Deadpool do a stand up comedy instead if they're aiming for the laughs.

This movie was a bit too much on the bad jokes (unlike the first one) and a really weak plot. I thought that this sequel had so much more potentials especially with the introduction of new characters such as Cable and that "lucky" girl but unfortunately they got wasted on some idiotic kid's story line.
I guess it's worth watching but only if you can fast forward to many useless scenes.

If I wanted to see a psychological thriller, I would buy a ticket for another movie. I attended the premiere in Vienna. Audience laughed literally 3 or (maybe, I am pushing it) 4 times. Special effects and CGI was WORSE THAN FIRST MOVIE. It was cheap (not that bad.. but lets say Bollywood quality). WRITING and JOKES were bad. People go to DP2 for one reason: "to have a similar fun as DP1". And DP2 failed. Except the 10-minute parachute scene, it was off. I really wanted it to be come 2nd Terminator-2, where sequel beats the previous movie.

Absolutely loved it! more laughs, action.. more Deadlpool! From start to finish, lots of action I'm confident to say it lives up to the first movie and beyond!

Apart from not having no plot whatsoever this feels like (and in fact is) written by 2 main different writers who never met or even talked about the whole concept, or maybe they did but when so drunk or high that they could not remember what they talked about the very next morning. You know those mornings what I am talking about. The first half written by the "adult" writer and the second half by the "disney" writer. I did not care for any of those characters whatsoever except for Vanessa. There was no reason whatsoever to kill her for what exactly reason? Julian Dennison as Russel might of done ok job in Hunt for the Wilderpeople but this time he failed on all fronts and he should seriously question his acting ability. Deadpool has some good moments and funny lines but that all. You could squeeze all those good moments in a short and call it Deadpool 2(minutes) and be done with it.

When considering 'Deadpool 2,' there hasn't been another superhero sequel as good if not better than the original since Christopher Nolan flexed his muscles in the genre with 'The Dark Knight.'The main body of 'Deadpool 2' blends together the action, plot and soundtrack to such a high degree that it's virtually unparalleled compared to other films. From recent memory, the only other film that comes close-besides the first Deadpool-was last year's 'Baby Driver.'The film's dialogue is packed with movie references, nods at pop culture, and even jokes at Ryan Reynold's own expense, so much so that a second viewing would absolutely be necessary to try and catch them all.The movie isn't perfect. For example, the first half of Cable's storyline feels a bit disjointed from the rest of the film. However, it steadily becomes increasingly well integrated over time.However, for a franchise that prides itself on violent irreverence, it'd be unthinkable to assume that they were capable of making audiences well up with emotion at the end, yet they had the entire theater choking back tears, a rare achieve that strongly rounds out this film and places among the best in its class.

The first Deadpool is one of my favorite films of all time, and I figured no way even DP2 could beat it, but it did. This film is sheer perfection in every aspect. Even the films IMDb Storyline submitted by Twentieth Century Fox had me in stitches! We need more of these type of films that make you forget all the garbage going on in today's society... a film that has every positive element including top-notch non-stop comedy that toned my six-pack laughing while I was watching the film. Props to our Canadian boy Ryan Reynolds for topping what I thought could not be topped! This franchise needs to continue and I can't wait for DP3! I will see this film again and again and I can't wait to add the bluray to my collection next to DP1. A perfect and well deserved 10/10 from me!

Deadpool 2 is better than the first, it is full of fun, action and lots of cameos (cough brad pitt cough)Ryan Reynolds was masterclass once again a long side josh brolin who also proved that his role as thanos wasn't just a one off, he was a sympathetic character as well as brutalThere was a great balance with humour and action which I thought resulted in it being given a 9/10, hoping for a trilogy now

Wow, this movie truly delivered. When I saw the first Deadpool movie, I was surprised at the totally different way of showing a superhero and I was really intrigued of how they would pull it off again in this sequel. It turned out that this time around, the action sequence was even grander and more amazing. I totally loved the scenes involving Domino, Deadpool and Cable in the city which were absolutely thrilling. And I was also amazed during the finale fights scene as well. With a great sound system from the theater, it really gave the complete awesome experience.Just like in the original movie, there were so many funny moments which were delivered by the actors (mostly involving Deadpool and his friends). One person that was given quite a lot of comical role was the taxi driver Dopinder (Karan Soni) reprising his role from the first movie. Almost all the scenes in the film were funny and I personally felt that this one was even funnier than the original movie. It gave us various jokes and one liner, making fun of so many things which gave all the audience a good amount of laughter. My wife and I really enjoyed watching this movie as it made us laughed really hard a lot of time. My own personal favorite funny moment would definitely be during the scene involving Deadpool and his old roommate Blind Al (Leslie Uggams) which was really hilarious.The pace of the movie was quite fast but there were occasional slower paced more dramatic scenes here and there. There was even a brief moment of touching scene towards the end that affected my wife a bit. Overall though, the movie was having a lot more fun and entertaining scenes. Through the entire movie duration which lasted for 2 hours, audience would be filled with a lot of craziness and jokes which should not be taken too serious. Like in all Marvel movies, this one also had 2 mid end-credit scene with the latter one also quite hilarious and should not be missed. What I also like about this movie was the additional characters in this sequel were actually quite memorable. Domino was an awesome superhero and really kick-a$$. Cable was amazingly characterized by Josh Brolin (who was able to transform into a different character from playing Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War earlier). And Russel was also greatly portrayed by the young Julian Dennison. The chemistry of all those characters were nice to see and you would notice that they really had great fun playing this movie. One thing that I noticed missing here, were the use of the fourth wall was not as frequent compared to the original movie and replaced more by the narratives by Deadpool.In the end, this was a very fun, enjoyable and entertaining superhero movie, which was very violent, had an R rating and should not be seen by children. There were so many killings, body dismemberment and foul language used here that were really not suitable for the young audience. So if you are a fan of the original movie, you should definitely watch this one and I am sure you would have just as much fun as my wife and I did.For my complete review, pls have a look at michaelnontonmulu.blogspot.co.id

Really do not understand how Marvel can come up with such a bad, bad, bad, bad movie. 
Shame on you!
I had to stop watching halfway thru'.
I am actually a big Marvel fan but this.......????
Really stupid and senseless movie, EVER, from Marvel.
Is it suppose to be a comedy??? or something else????
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, DO NOT make a third one.

The humor and violence of this flick are too foul for very young audiences who sneak out to watch this one-of-a-kind adult "superhero" flick. So many ridiculous moments and too painful to watch if you're a typical conventional fan of Marvel and DC's superheroes.Too bad.

I was really shocked,as I must read the user reviews here.what the frell happened to society?that's not funny, that's awkward and shameful. all those jokes of the niveau of pee and faeces... that's no comedy, that's just awkward.no story, no sense, no good jokes.and cutting humans in a thousand different ways won't replace any story.And it's not a movie for adults, it's a movie for people over 18 without ANY brain or intelligence.Good jokes are NOT pointless vulgar oneliners, that's just lowbrow.I can really understand, why Morena Baccarin is written out of that huge pile of crap.
no thanks.
that is one of the crappiest movie of the last 30 years.
Even "WANTED" was better, and THIS one was really sick.

2 out of 5 stars (has some good moments, but is overall bad)Deadpool 2 is the first disappointment of 2018. With a genius marketing campaign, hilarious trailers, and the prospect of seeing our favorite foul-mouthed antihero again, I was ready to dive head-on into this Pool. Sadly, Deadpool 2 is a needlessly darker and sophomoric outing that emphasizes violent action over clever wit, making for a film that will satisfy action junkies, but leave those who enjoyed the cleverness of its predecessor yearning for more.The mess of a plot involves Wade Wilson/Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) mourning over the death of his girlfriend (Morena Baccarin), joining the X-Men, and attempting to save an annoying teenager (Julian Dennison) from, brace yourself, a cyborg from the future named Cable (Josh Brolin). Wade will sort of go on a journey to discover his inner hero and learn to move on from the death of his loved one, while still cracking jokes to the camera.Deadpool 2 could have been a savage satire on how sequels always darken, but falls into that trap instead. While still charismatic, Ryan Reynolds isn't as likable here, overdoing Wade's depression in the opening act and attempting to make out-of-place statements on sexism, racism, and other topics Deadpool should not discuss. Brolin acts like he's in a completely different movie, but has good chemistry with Reynolds when onscreen with him. The plentiful action sequences are well-done yet sadly unmemorable, and Dennison alternates between unlikable and annoying rather than menacing. Lastly, the supposed emotional punch of an ending rings hollow. I came here to laugh hysterically, not think about character drama. It's a sad state of affairs that should hopefully be remedied with the upcoming 3rd installment.Deadpool 2 has more than enough action, but the plot and tone meander without much logic, the characters aren't as endearing, and the writing is surprisingly juvenile rather than clever or witty. While it certainly isn't the worst X-Men film, Deadpool 2 is only slightly above X-Men Origins:Wolverine in terms of quality enjoyment. I am sad to report that, of the three films I've seen this week, Book Club was the funniest one, not this.Rated R for Strong Violence And Language Throughout, Sexual References, And Brief Drug Material. Sorry, DP, but X is not gonna give this one to ya.

Deadpool 1 was a blast of fresh air and a jolt to the audience. This one is a blast of fetid, recycled tedium broken up by a few funny moments. Plot? Don't bother looking for one as the director wasn't and the writers obliged. So much potential, wasted... if you have to see it, wait to rent it as it will be cheap, like the movie feels.

Is it possible to give more than 10 stars, this movie deserves it...
 Man I just had so much fun watching Ryan Reynolds for the second time as Deadpool...
Everyone is perfectly casted, Cable, Domino, Peter
 ;)
We don't need anymore words!Have fun people, DEADPOOL2 is awesome!

Just saw it!!!
#Deadpool2 is a Triumph!!! 
It lives up to the hype!!!
So amazing, crazy, funny, creative and entertaining!!!
Ryan Reynolds is killing it again!!!
It's a great action-packed superhero movie!!!
Thank you so much to everyone involved!!!

I was excited for this movie; at first. I'd seen the first movie, loved it, it was really original and fun to watch. It brought a lot of new elements to the tired superhero genre and it felt really fresh and new. And this is precisely the part where the sequel disappointed me so much. The over-the-top violence, cringy one-liners about poop and piss and grief-induced butt touching just didn't pack the same punch now that we've seen it all before. Gross regrowth of limbs and references to 'baby balls' just couldn't compare to the same brand of off-coloured humour we saw in the first movie and everything that works so effortlessly there needs to be hammered home so heavily here that the jokes just stop being even remotely funny. Moreover, the movie attempts to deal with mature and serious topics in a completely immature and goofy way, so any emotional impact they might've had is lost. Deadpool's silly one-liners have become terribly predictable, the character is consequently incredibly annoying and what was probably intended to be a heart-warming ending just turns into a cringe fest. I honestly couldn't wait for the movie to be over. Aside from Deadpool and Cable (ugh, that's all I have to say about that), the only noteworthy character is Domino, who actually does have some entertaining scenes, even though her bad-assery is a bit forced and heavy-handed. She actually does have a cool superpower, and it's something that fits nicely into the silly Deadpool universe. 
Overall, the movie is a letdown all around.

Honestly.. this is one of my favorite movies of all time.. and i didnt expect to like it that much. Domino might be my favorite superhero .. the actress plays it Amazingly!
This one has more heart than the original as well as better humor. Lets hope they do deadpool 3 .. and soon. Or better yet an Xforce movie

You go into this film thinking it will be brilliant. 
It's not. 
1. The jokes are more or less the same 
2. There is no plot 
3. The scenes with Vanessa are really cheesy
4. Why is the bad guy an overweight Aussie teenager? 
This film sucks!!

If you compare this movie with the first one, then you can see that movie is extremely boring. I found the story line none existent. The jokes in this not good as the first movie. I am surprised that this movie has a high score. I personally would not recommend this movie to watch.

I'm not a huge fan of comic character movies even though I watch them all but Deadpool is definitely my favorite Marvel character. I guess it's because he's just a bit kinkier with his sometimes vulgar sense of humor. That's something you will never see in the other Marvel or DC Comics movies. Deadpool doesn't fit in that family package as his constant humor is just above the edge. I'm normally not a huge fan of Ryan Reynolds either but I have to admit that his Deadpool character fits him as a glove. About the story it's a typical superhero against evil like all other superhero movies but that little humorous touch makes all the difference. And for a sequel it's a good one, just waiting for a third one now.

Two hours of poor plot, bad jokes, unnecessary profanity and verbal filth. I'm the first to watch a comedy but this seems like it's aimed at 15 year old boys who find immature jokes amusing. I think I had a chuckle twice in the entire movie in amongst wondering what the hell was going on. Probably one of the poorest Marvel movies I've seen. The original was never a great movie but it was OK. This is just rubbish. Gets 3 stars for a few decent action scenes and good effects.

For me it was so bad that I stopped watching it after 30 minutes. What I saw I can explain as an absurdly graphic and violent gore-fest. Maybe I'm too old for this kind of ... film(s), but for me this was pointless movie, much worse than the first one with no soul, not whatsoever. A complete waste of time, at least 30 minutes of my time.
1/10

The jokes are funny(but not as funny as in the first!), the action is good(but doesn't pack the same punch or have the same elegance to it as in first), the plot... the plot is a disjointed, unfocused mess that leaves barely any room for new characters to be developed, which means a lot of the time when a big action sequence is going down you just think "why should I care?". It does try to do too much at once and up the jokes and action at the same time, but sadly often it feels like a parody of itself(which is basically a parody of a parody). It is still funny and still cool, but somehow it's a very bittersweet experience.. I would have preferred a more streamlined and focused sequel.. but it is, what it is!

The Mercenary with a mouth is back with the eagerly awaited arrival of "Deadpool 2". The films sees the generally well-meaning but highly dysfunctional Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds), back to taking out bad guys as a contract player but also managing his relationship with Vanessa (Morena Baccarin). When an unexpected event sends his life into a freefall, Deadpool tries to find a new purpose with the help of his X-Men associates from the last film who attempt to recruit him into their organization.
His first mission is to defuse an angry and destructive young mutant named Russell (Julian Dennison), which takes an unexpected turn and lands them both in serious trouble.One would think that would be enough to cause some major life changes for Deadpool but thanks to the arrival of Cable (Josh Brolin), a cyborg soldier from the future; things are about to get much more complicated and intense.
Undaunted, Deadpool opts to form his own league of heroes and aside from Domino (Zazie Beetz); they seem to be as unlucky or dysfunctional as their leader which makes for some very hysterical consequences.
What follows is an action and laugh-laden adventure which brings even more of what made the first film such a success to the audience as the film takes the bawdy action of the first and ups the ante thanks in large part to an expanded budget and cast.My biggest concern for the film was that with an expanded budget there would be too many characters and an attempt to do far too much with the film. That did play out at times in the beginning as for me, the first film worked so well as they had to let the characters rather than the action and effects carry it and the rapid-fire arrival of so many jokes and creative profanity made repeat viewing of the film necessary to catch everything.
This time out we get elaborate action and chase sequences as well as a much larger cast. At times it seemed as if this would possibly overshadow the characters and story but Reynolds and Director David Leith never let it cross that line.They also go back to the core elements in the final third of the film which really allows the film to fully connect with the tone of the original film and brings the film home to a satisfying conclusion. What really sold the film for me was the brilliant and very inspired extended scene during the credits which allows Deadpool to "fix" various issues which perfectly captures the irreverent character and the best aspects of the series where the cast is willing to make fun of themselves as well as the larger universe in which their characters exist.
I cannot wait to see what comes next as "DeadPool 2" is another fun outing for the character and something very different from most comic based movies.
4 stars out of 5

Funny and witty, don't overthink just grab some popcorn and laugh your socks off!

You know what? It's epic. Forget about narrative, cameo, it's all about Fxxx word but it's one of the best superhero movies of all time! I love the jokes about marvel, disney and even DC, but Ryan and Josh's performance is the most amazing staff here. If half Marvel is epic, then Deadpool2, that's 100 percent u!

Great movie. If you wanna laugh and you are a comic fan, you'll like it.

As a huge Deadpool fan it was no surprise to find my smiling and laughing all the way through! From the 4th wall breaks, to his usual below the belt comedy this film only left me wanting more X-Force plus my father who doesn't usually like Deadpool have this film a solid thumbs up!

Deadpool was good, this was NOT . . . same gags, worse acting, no real storyline. . . Man what a blowout this was. Waste of time

Look past and ignore Hollywood's glaringly obvious need to cram a certain current political alignment and agenda down your throat, such as it is these days. To the point where you might feel a hint of your gag-reflex kicking in; The movie is actually a bit entertaining

Ew. Lesbians. Don't like the movie just because of that

I should should have known better.Boring,predictable and cliche.The jokes are dumb.Dont waste your time.

There was a report that Hugh Jackman told Ryan Reynolds to 'back it up' - it might as well have been the summary of Deadpool 2. We know Ryan had waited a lifetime to play this role and he was genuinely fresh and funny in the original. Here, in DP2, his relentless yakking grows tiresome too fast and while there are some nice bits here and there, they are few and far between to make up for a show that just tries too hard with a ho-hum plot. Goes to show that only Disney-Marvel can make magic. I expect Ant Man & Wasp to kick DP2's ass. You have to watch it coz of how fun the first Deadpool was but you will quietly groan and not hurry back for a rewatch. Pity.

A soulless and boring sequel. The 1st was exquisite, the 2nd is meh. Tastes like a warmed up packet soup.

Pointless weak script and pathetic jokes! Deadpool 1 was way better. One of the most boring movie Marvel ever made!

Like the 1st Kingsman movie I like the 1st Deadpool a lot and like the 2nd Kingsman movie I don't like the 2nd Deadpool much.Yes, everything is there - action, the sometimes black humor, our bad ass hero, good production value etc., but (I really don't know why) everything just feels forced and "not cool" (anymore) to me. Maybe I got with too much expectations to the cinema. Anyway, not all bad, but not that good either.Watchable but rather disappointing. p.s. lots of fake reviews, what a downfall.

The minute I sat down In the cinema chair I was hooked! All the comedy we expected and more! The more the movie went on the more it felt like a x-men movie! Must see!

Deadpool 2 is absolutely horrible and not funny in the slightest. Constantly addressing the camera isn't clever, it's simply annoying. Don't waste your time on this movie, I know I wish I hadn't.

I got to go to the premiere of this movie and it was a fantastic movie.

All of the funny jokes are recycled from deadpool.

I don't usually post movie reviews, but this time it's specialIT'S DEADPOOL 2The movie was packed with very hilarious Jokes and atmosphere, the cast were on point and it had well done action all over the place like seriously I don't recall the last time I laughed in a movie this much.Music was.... let's say very uniquely chosen in a good way.Character roles were very fitting and oh man the references in this movie were insane like they even mentioned the "Human Centipede" (And if you don't know what that is you probably shouldn't google it)Story was generally compelling had some very nice plot twists and morals, and most importantly DON'T MISS THE AFTER CREDITS SCENES they are very crucial for the plotOverall I enjoyed this movie so much and would definitely recommend it specially for all super hero movie fans :D

I don't know how to express my self ,but simple its idiotic film that only kids who like alot of blood and CGI will like it story line ZERO, movie didnt make even to smile it was just so boring and for me most strang part is i see 8/10 in IMBD did they pay it becose most of comments are like me .
Sorry for bad english Hope i helped to not waste 2hours of your life...

Well the movie is bad the plot is weak how they introduce cable with that family revenge stuff it is really lazy writing. the comedy bit forced now. but still bit better than that stupid thor ragnarok movie. also the scene bout cleaning timeline is stupid and still not clearing everything ,confusing.

I know people have put up about not listing to other reviews but this is a truth, don't listen to the 8,9,10 positive reviews!!! This movie has it's moments but it's no where near as good as the first!!! There are rehashed jokes like the more honest review. We bought this thinking it would be as good as the first but we were disappointed!!! The one real enjoyable part is catching the Easter eggs that are all through the movie.

Not good as the first part.................................

I have no idea why this is rated so high on IMDB, but it's not a great movie. It will be forgotten about in a year. The acting is ok, and I probably laughed around 4 times, but there's just nothing here worth paying for. The in-jokes and breaking the 4th wall is boring now.

How is this comparable to Deadpool 1??? Bottom line, the film lacks a clear, meaningful plot or subplot. There is little to no internal character tension, no dilemmas, no character irony/complexity, all of which is compatible with, and necessary for, the execution of good humor. There were little blips of a pulse but, ultimately, despite several good jokes - which could just as well have been heard on a 30-minute variety show, there was no compelling story to which the jokes were attached. The film, except for the early scenes, when Deadpool struggled with the dead of his wife, failed to make you care about its characters - unlike Deapool 1.

To be honest i don't hate the movie, Deadpool and the original crew were awesome (plus the whole X force team - specially Domino - she was wow!!) But the thing that i hated the most is that fat kid...oh god how he ruins the plot, poor character, even worse actor, just because of that fat kid all expectations flopped...i don't know what to say about all this, than its not what i expected...the first one was the best, much better action and much better everything...i give deadpool 2 a 4/10

Deadpool 2 has so much potential and a lot ridding on it from its predecessor. The movie however failed to meet these standards. You go in not expecting much of a plot but rather elevated humor. The movie seemed to have lowered its standard of jokes to more of a high school standard and those who know a lot about pop culture. The first film had more of a witty and seamless flow to the jokes. While this one seemed forced and relied too much on one liners and f bombs. The jokes that do land make up for some of the bad ones.

This movie is funny, action pack and has a great plot. Also the performances are amazing. Stick around for the post credit scene.

There is full frontal and rear female and male nudity throughout this whole movie not one I want to watch !

Deadpool Awesome! 8/10 But Deadpool 2 Shitty! 1/10 waste of time

So not funney weve stopped following at about 1/3 and stopped watching completely at about the half... please do try harder... we did like mission impossible though ;)

I'm shocked at the low ratings. It had action, dark/raunchy comedy, and some heart. It's exactly what you'd expect from Deadpool.

This movie is full of piece of crap, I'm so much disappoint after watching this movie. There is no story dialogues are overrated, everyone seems want to be consider as hero..Well, i'm not expected this piece of crap from Marvel.Reasons: 1/10
1- There is no pointed story.
2- First scene is totally flop the deadpool is tore into pieces then which part of body he grow?
3- Dialogues are overrated.
4- Everyone is showing attitude.This movie is totally pointless.. :(

Deadpool 2A sadistic approach on the comic tone has always been its window which they have increased to an annoying amount of time as it manages to undermine the current moment. Just as the first installment, there isn't much to look forward to on the plotline (which is predictable) but the journey it takes; even though it derails a lot, is intriguing and amusing at the same time. The major conundrum of the feature would be the lack of connection with the audience (even though the protagonist is literally filling in the audience with the details) as the stakes and emotions projected in here are shallow and doesn't go as anticipated. The songs are upbeat but the technical aspects could have been a lot better like the background score, vfx and editing. David Leitch has done a decent work on directing and pulling off the mayhem that this feature is, but unfortunately wasn't supported by the cinematography or the choreography which is essential in such features. The performance isn't upto the mark by Ryan Reynolds (but then Deadpool is quite complex to play) and neither is supported to that extent by Josh Brolin which comes off a bit disappointing. Deadpool 2 is an overstretched feature that numbs the emotions as it ages on screen let along draw it out and the soul reason would be due to the wafer thin script that never bothers to even justify the actions occurring or even make a definite point out of it. Having said that, if considered as just a parody of another installment of its predecessor, it works just fine.

I was psyched for Deadpool 2 but what I got was deadpool 2:SJW. I get they were trying to tongue in cheek but the pandering really kept taking me out of the movie. For a rated R movie it sure does toooo much pandering. Josh Brolin as Cable is a homerun! Morena is awesome as always but the waste of characters got old fast also. Juggernut was wasted as was shatterstar and the rest were lack luster and easy to forget... sadly yes even our trailer fodder Peter (except for end credits) The use of the Essex house and no Mr. Sinister was a shame. The rest of the film was trying to capitolize on the black pather crowd but this was a swing and a miss. It is not terrible, just save your $$ and wait til it is streamable. (Not as bad as the last jedi by any stretch). They missed a major chance to build a deadpool universe (his non SJW jokes were good, especially the ones directed at Brolin)... Im yammering on, I apologize but wait on this one

A boring and lame movie that perfectly ruins sweet memory of first Dead pool.
When you giving a big job to the wring hands, this is the result.
David Leitch is a good stunt man, not a director.

I really didn't enjoy this movie as a matter of fact I didn't complete the movie as it was bad. I can't say too much as it would be better for you to watch it and make up your own mind.

This movie was over the top bloody, violent and perverted that 4 of us watching were entirely disgusted. It reminded me of junior high humor that tries for laughs using body functions humor and everything unrespectable. I could not sympathize with such an apathetic 'hero' or find humor in people dying. Please don't make a third one. You are going downhill like Austin Powers which resulted to sex and crudity. Simply awful.

I've watched Deadpool 2 almost twice as many times as that one time I watched the original Deadpool and this movie gets better every time I watch it.

This movie was so funny and I absolutely love the cast. Ryan Reynolds is just...he's Ryan Reynolds!!! And I loved Peter he was a great guy. You have to go see this movie

If you forget the death of (SPOILER) Deadpool's wife, then it'd be a good movie. The original movie was practically based on Deadpool trying to get his girl back. I was so happy to see the ending in the original, and was dying for the sequel. I wanted to see character development, stuff like that. But you just kill her right off the bat. If she was able to stick around the whole movie then I'd give it a 10/10. This pretty much tossed the original in the trash. I didn't like it because of just that, otherwise, it's great!

This movie is the latest Marvel offering in the newish Comic Book Comedy genre. I prefer my super hero movies to be a little more on the serious side but with the success of the GOTG movies who can argue? I admit I loved the GOTG movies. The difference between deadpool and those movies is that GOTG had better stories and the jokes were less gratuitous. GOTG uses humor in a much more intelligent way. Deadpool 2 opens up the joke spigot and sprays the audience mercilously for 2 full hours. Another difference is that the GOTG writers don't see the need to use the F word twice in every sentence. That grates on you after two hours.I must admit the opening credits were funny. The parachute scene was also entertaining. The rest just felt forced and inorganic. In short, Deadpool 2 tries WAY too hard to be funny. Next time they should use a new team and go for a better mix of drama, action and yes, comedy.

I truly love the 1st movie. It's not perfect, but it's very funny and enjoyable. The 2nd movie has its funny moments and there are even some sensitive moments. The movie is far from terrible and definitely not great. I just wasn't into it much. To me, it felt thrown together just for the sake of having a sequel. Felt pointless. The jokes and frequent references grew old too fast. For me, the movie just doesn't appeal. I don't advise others against seeing it, though. My tastes and preferences are mine and no one else's. Others may thoroughly enjoy it. If you're a fan of Deadpool or just seek pure escapism, then go see it. You may or may not love it. And that's my attempt at a review. I'm no Roger Ebert.

Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) Has todeal with a teen mutant called Firefist (Julian Dennison) who has anger issues. Then Cable (Josh Brolin) comes from the future. It seems Firefist as an adult killed his wife and kid and wants to kill him before he grows up.
Sequel to the wildly successful original. However it's not as good. A LOT of the jokes are carried over from the original and they aren't funnier the second time around. Also at almost two hours it's too long. On the plus side the acting is good and Brolin clearly enjoys playing Cable. Lots of action and violence too. So--it's up to you if you want to see it.

It's hard to follow a movie like Deadpool. The first movie wasn't a franchise film, it was clearly made with enthusiasm, and they had to fight the studio in order to make it. Deadpool 2 however is a big-budget sequel, a studio movie trying to follow the surprise success of the first one. The original director left the project, there were rumors of reshoots, and it felt like Deadpool 2 was becoming a parody of what the main character used to joke about.Not quite. This sequel is very entertaining. It's uneven, not on par with the first one, but it doesn't feel as calculated and soulless as I thought it would be. I'm as grumpy and cynical as they come, and even I giggled here and there. The main elements are there: Ryan Reynolds does his thing well, some jokes land, plenty of action, plenty of silliness and decent amount of blood too. There are some repeat gags from the first one, I don't know how I feel about them. The main issue with Deadpool 2 is that it struggles to hold on to what it is, and it often comes off as pretentious, especially when it was fiddling with some more serious themes or trying to tug our heart-strings. I witnessed some absolutely horrible lines from Ryan Reynolds, talking to a child character, about how much he cares about him. It happened two times. It was not a joke. The movie was trying to sell me the idea that Deadpool would care about some annoying kid. It was played straight, and it was like some horrible soap opera. The writing and execution was just horribly off for a movie like this. If anything, these kind of scenes with cheap, tacky emotional manipulation - especially concerning child characters - are what Deadpool should joke about, because we've seen it so many times, and it's almost always horrible and dishonest. In these scenes, Deadpool became a soulless movie for test audiences and focus groups, nothing else.Luckily, most of the time the movie works. It's not very smart, but it's coherent enough if you're willing to go along with the pace, and it's full of entertaining moments. Moments are what keeps this movie alive: it's never what the movie is focusing on, that alone will never do, but there are so many little touches here and there, in the foreground or in the background that kept me entertained. It seems like there were plenty of reshoots, or then they just didn't know how to use money, because some of the CGI shots looked unfinished. The action itself was alright, not anything great like in John Wick (same director, or one of them) which is a damn shame, but at least serviceable and well enough shot/framed. I consider most action movies with a lot of CGI to have boring action, so take from that what you will.To summarize, Deadpool 2, at times, feels like a mandatory focus-tested studio movie without much heart. The forced drama between Deadpool and the kid is absolutely horrible in how tone-deaf and pretentious it is, and the structure holds together just barely, but in the end it was a lot more enjoyable than it had any right to be. I cannot fathom how they'll do another one without the "series" really becoming a parody of what Deadpool should be parodying. If more sequels come, I really hope that there is more serious inspiration and drive from the creators' part, and less about trying to please every damn focus group in the universe. This time though, the experience was still positive.

Deadpool 2 (2018) 
Director: David Leitch 
Watched: May 18, 2018 
Rating: 6/10 Our favorite irreverent, mischievous, sarcastic, vulgar antihero is back and ready to meet the future, also known as Cable. Cameos aplenty- including various X-Men, Brad Pitt, a disappointing inanimate Stan Lee mural, and a thoroughly disguised Matt Damon,Opening and closing credits are some of the best parts, Frequent and flagrant disregard for the fourth wall is brilliantly used for pop culture references and hilarious industry quips. Sadly, a lackluster plot that needed more Deadpool and less X-Men- fun action scenes, excellent comedic elements, and witty one-liners mean little when there is nothing much at stake. 
----
Gogyohka literally translates to "five-line poem." An alternative to the tanka form, the gogyohka has very simple rules. Five lines with one phrase per line. What comprises a phrase? Eye of the beholder- or the poet, in this case. 
#Gogyohka #PoemReview #Superhero

The action scenes were great in the film which also managed laugh out loud comedy (all coming from Ryan Reynolds' Deadpool) to boot. The kiwi kid was cringey at best however so a star was taken for that. What was really unnecessary however was the stupid inclusion of two lesbian superheroes who do next to nothing for the whole film. It was clear that these two girls were only in the film to exclaim how politically correct it is!

'DEADPOOL 2': Five Stars (Out of Five)The sequel to the 2016 blockbuster R-rated superhero flick 'DEADPOOL' (based on the Marvel Comics character), and the 11th entry in the 'X-MEN' film franchise. In this chapter Wade Wilson (AKA Deadpool) fights to defend a young gifted mutant, named Russell, from a time traveling mutant called Cable. He forms a new superhero mutant team, called X-Force, to help him. The movie stars Ryan Reynolds (reprising the title role), Josh Brolin, Julian Dennison,Zazie Beetz, T.J. Miller, Brianna Hildebrand, Stefan Kapicic, Leslie Uggams, Karan Soni, Morena Baccarin and Eddie Marsan. It was directed by David Leitch (who also helmed 'ATOMIC BLONDE' and co-directed 'JOHN WICK') and it was written by Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick (the duo who also co-wrote the original film, and 'ZOMBIELAND') and Ryan Reynolds (in his screenwriting debut). I loved the original movie and I found this sequel to be almost as good (but not quite). Wade Wilson (Reynolds) has been killing criminals for two years now (since the end of the first film), under the name Deadpool. He's planning to have a child with his girlfriend, Vanessa Carlysle (Baccarin), when tragedy strikes. Wade then befriends a young troubled mutant named Russell (Dennison), who he later learns has been targeted for execution by a powerful time traveling mutant, from the future, named Cable (Brolin). Wade forms a team of new superhero mutants, he calls X-Force, to help him protect the kid and stop Cable. The movie is filled with nonstop gags and slapstick humor (just like the original), as well as really graphically violent action scenes (also just like the original). For me this film went a little too far in some of it's slapstick humor, whereas I thought the original movie had the perfect balance of action and comedy. This one also has a lot of sci-fi craziness on top of everything else. I still, of course, really enjoyed it, but I definitely can't say it matched the original. Reynolds is once again amazing, in the role he was born to play, and the supporting cast is more than decent. The script is clever and brilliant, and the directing is good enough. I think if they could have kept the original director though, this film could have been even better. As it is, it's still one of the best films of this year, and any year as far as superhero movies go. Too bad we won't ever get a true 'DEADPOOL 3', now that Disney owns the rights (and will never do a hardcore R-rated movie), but we can always dream.

Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !
Awfull, much overrated movie !

The curse of the sequel.Deadpool tried to be bigger, louder and darker. And although it was all of those things, it sacrificed a truly funny plot and replaced it with a more serious one.Although it is still a laugh out loud movie it feels like too much at points and often the jokes fall flat due to the over complex plot and dialogue

Deadpool one was a huge success and this is clearly just made to rip off people because the first one was a hit....When i saw the first scene i was like "ohhh yea....this is gonna be awesome" but it just dissapointed me more and more as the movie progressed...with unnecessary jokes , no plot and poor CGI....the only thing this movie has is plain dull humour.....but it works at times.

Is it funny to be so meta? Not really. The welcome was worn well through with the first Deadpool, a refreshingly darker comedic comic movie. With our intrepid sequel, it is sadly not funny to reference Saw VII and High Fidelity, especially when you admit to "lazy writing." The writing is, indeed, lazy. That is possibly meta-meta? Two metas do not make a right or correct.It's not funny to falsely accuse someone of being racist, unless, I suppose, you're a cancerous white male. It's not funny to make deragatory references to past X-Men movies, and it's not funny to pee your pants. It is not funny to have tiny legs, unless you're watching Avatar.It's not funny to make fun of a chubby kid, and if you think it's funny to anarchistically and gruesomely violently kill off minor characters, then it's really not funny or even remotely sincere to attempt any meaning of love, heart, or family. No, all of that falls so splattingly flat in this extra and unnecessary revisit to the unkillable Deadpool (unless he wears a power-sucking necklace, perhaps a nod to the first Christopher Reeve Superman).I could simply call Deadpool 2 a sloppy cash grab, something akin to The Godfather Part III, but that would be sloppy writing.

After his trials and tribulations in the first movie, the life of Wade Wilson (aka Deadpool) has now settled down. He's still killing bad guys, but it's more business-as-usual now. Moreover, he and girlfriend Vanessa are madly in love and want to start a family. Then a tragic event throws his life into disarray.The first Deadpool movie was great, and was a very pleasant surprise, being a comic book movie. Instead of the usual CGI-driven, all style no substance, drivel that most comic book movies are, Deadpool was a comedy, and a really good one. Outrageously funny, original and entertaining. Clever, snappy, laugh-a-minute dialogue. Some great cultural references and in-jokes, especially regarding other comic book movies.Deadpool 2 continues in the same vein. Some brilliantly funny, laugh-out-loud moments, often based around in-jokes, cultural references and film-industry-deprecating humour.More action than the first, which is disappointing. Part of Deadpool's charm is that it parodies other comic book movies. By becoming an action movie it threatens to become what it is parodying. There's always an element of humour involved though, even in the deadliest fight scenes, and in so doing the writer and director manage to avoid the hypocrisy of the film becoming what it mocks.Great work again from Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool: his comedic timing and delivery is spot-on. Good supporting cast, with Josh Brolin playing a great straight character to Reynolds' clowning.

I just understand why these films are so popular. I've watched both, and just don't get them at all. Maybe I'm too old and too English to get the appeal. I don't find them funny or entertaining, I just find them stupid and dull.

Funnier than the first part. The 'Baby Hitler' scene in the post credit is simply a LOL moment.

Try to make a sequal of a great movie... and what do you end up with... a so so film.
Acting is good, however plot is leaf thin and the one liners are a bit boring after have seen the first film.

I was not familiar with the deadpool character before the first movie came out, and when i saw that, i really liked it. The humour, the action, the cast, etc. After watching part 1 i was excited for part 2. The trailers were amazing, But when i came out from the theater i felt like i was cheated. Good trailers should cheat you and surprise you in a good way, when you watch this movie, it cheats in a bad way.
I mean where is the epic xforce fight? They all die so quickly and audience start laughing making fool of them selves.
Most disappointing thing was, the character development of cable. And guess what he's not even the villain, like wtf?/
You made that kid a villan and then made cable join the x force? Thats the most stupidest script ever for a superhero movie.
With cabel, the movie had a lot of potential but they chose to make a parody movie and fool us with trailers and lame jokes.

Its a mess! Poor cgi , poor action scenes, poor story and not very funny to boot!
Loved the original and had high hopes for the sequel but it left me flat and dissapointed.
Too many poor characters added with not much screen time etc.
A few highlights along the way but not enough to recommend you to see it.
Avoid.

NO! I use the f and c words on occasion but this in this film the swearing was definitely over the top and spoils the whole movie for me.

Didn't find this to be as laughable or enjoyable as the first Dead Pool. Schtick was lame, premise was lame. Acting was just okay. As with the first movie, continuity was screwed uo, but that was part of the story line,

I won't say the movie is bad because it isn't.
It's just great until a certain point, then it starts to be repetitive and at the last third is absolutely totally crap.
If you can get away with the second half you will probably think it's a very good movie, but it's not consistent.
This kid, Julian Dennison, he absolutely ruined the movie. I don't know what was up at he casting but he just ruins everything little thing, he is terrible as an actor and looks too apathic here.
Why do they even have to do that much close ups on his face when he is that bad?
The overall plot is ok to bad, at the second half its plain bad writing that forces tagging people as pedos to justify the massacre of civils.
I'm not being politically correct here, they didn't have to do it, they did and did it very poorly.
Even the characters motivations feel shallow at the ending, it feels rushed.
The boy plot is meeh and you just can't feel nothing for the boy because he is so bad.
Also, the final third is just forced meta.
The jokes don't work anymore, too much repetitive, they over use the meta to try to cancel the bad writing by saying it is bad.
The action it's very good, Leitch it's top notch at it and he did deliver even in a over the top movie like DP.
The action is bad, at some point you just don't want to look at their faces anymore. Reynolds and the girl are the only acceptable characthers, the others get boring too fast and they don't work. And I'm not even talking about the boy, his whole thing, plot and terrible acting, ruined a movie that could be very good.It's not a bad movie, it's just not balanced.
Some things work very very well and others are so bad that have negative impact on the good things.The movie works much better that the genre average at it's core elements, the action it's good, the jokes work until certain point and etc.Some people will overlook the bad aspects and say it's a great movie, you might be this person or not.

A sequel that surpasses the hit original, Deadpool 2 is laugh out loud funny the entire way through. The comedy is very similar to the first and is certainly not kid friendly. It is positively brutal in its action at times, with hysterical call backs and meta references. A must-see comedy.

The first one tried, this one didn't. It's like how first albums are always better than the rest. They really laid the politics on thick in this one too. The Jared Kushner joke was funny...I guess. But the fox and friends joke was just stupid. Abby Huntsman is less offensive than Rachel Madcow, suuuuuure. There was really no story to this movie and the XMen cameos, although funny, are just getting so confusing. Brolin should stick to Marvel and Reynolds should stick to romcoms.

Terrible terrible movie, terrible jokes, most of them made me cringe.
So forgettable I can't even remember the plot..they just ruined it.. dp1 8* dp2 4* out of pity

A simple money grab, in which they merely recycled the same jokes used in the first movie. Plus, too political. You're better off rewatching the first movie!

There are some good laughs scattered around Deadpool 2 but all of the meta and self-referencing humor wore out by the end of the credits in the first movie.Occasionally they try to throw in a one liner aimed at social and political targets. For example, there's a George W. Bush "Mission Accomplished" joke that's about fifteen years too late...and it wouldn't have been funny even if it had been on time. If you get all of your political insight from Trevor Noah and Stephen Colbert then I guess this material is for you.There's also groan worthy attempts at appealing to the #metoo movement, LGBTQ groups, and other Social Justice millennial groups. I wish writers would realize that these people are not capable of laughter or joy and its not worth the effort to try and entertain them.That aside, just like the first one, Deadpool 2 is at its best with slapstick comedy and over the top violence. Unfortunately, that's hard to maintain for 2 hours. I guess that's why the Three Stooges made short films.There's some good moments of parody in there as well. I especially liked the credits that mimicked the Roger Moore era of James Bond title sequences. Moments like that make Deadpool 2 momentarily worth watching. Now if they could just get Ryan Reynolds to quit ad-libbing to the camera how he's in a Marvel movie, then there would be more time for better jokes.

Deadpool 2 is a very fun action movie, which is all it needed to be. This movie isn't better nor worse than the original, it is just as good, which is fine. This movie has incredible humor. with some amazing jokes and many many references. This movie also has some great action since the director of John Wick is behind it. Lot of fourth wall breaking, and even a great score from Tyler Bates. It's everything you could ever want from a Deadpool movie! Where this movie sort of loses me, and it's a nitpick, is when it becomes sad, yes a Deadpool movie has some depressing moments, and it's understandable, but I didn't really come to a Deadpool movie to see dark imagery and sad scenes, I came to have complete fun. However that is a nitpick for this movie is still great, Cable is a standout played beautifully by Josh Brolin; yet he is very underused and not used to his full potential. If you worried about the trailers showing you an Avengers like team up with Deadpool leading them, you have nothing to be concerned about since its nothing like that, it's still a fun Deadpool film. Deadpool doesn't really do anything "bad-ass" in this film, he's very funny but doesn't do anything that stands out really. A very excellent entry to the Deadpool franchise, but by the end of it, I wasn't asking for a Deadpool 3, not because I didn't want one, but because this movie feels like a conclusion for his story.

Average film with some funny bits. Villain is an annoying teenager and the scenes where he keeps trying to go to his dead wife were lame. Highlight was the appearance of the x-force. Also pretty much copied what looper is about.

Years ago, I heard that "Easy Rider" was a mediocre movie with an incredible ending. Well, Deadpool 2 has great credit scenes at the end. But otherwise, I found the movie to be unsatisfactory, even though I enjoyed its snide comments and good technical aspects (color, slo-mo, sound).The writing could've been better. It follows well-known ways that films use to produce a sequel. It breaks the fourth wall a little too often. I have to commend it for not being homophobic. And, racially, it seems to be studiously balanced. That being said, you can succeed on many levels, but fail, to me, if you don't have a good story!

This isn't comedy. It's crass, trash writing laden with gratuitous cursing and perverted profane one liners. Not funny at all. I did not laugh once at this waste of a film. I shut if off at the 45 minute mark, it's the dumbest film I've ever seen.

After the brilliant original film I was seriously left thinking they were trying way, way too hard to replicate it in this second effort. Lame humour, convoluted storyline, and far too much gratuitous and unnecessary bad language. I guess that's what you get for setting your expectations too high.

Well, I am quite a big fan of the X-Men and X-Force franchises and found this film quite an enjoyment. It's still got that Deadpool charm of the first movie with some great action. While this movie could have been perfect, I found that it overly referenced the Marvel universe in a way that took me out of the movie. I get that it's part of the humour, but it made the film just a fun one time watch rather than a true rewatchable masterpiece.

It's true that you can have too much of a good thing...please no more different editions!THEATRICAL CUT - was the best version of any of the "cuts" it was the most cleanly edited and it had the best soundtrack out of the three. It is clear after seeing all the versions of the film that they tested all of the jokes and the ones included were cherry picked, and the best were picked to be included in this one.SUPER DUPER CUT/EXTENDED - this was supposed to be an extended version of the film but it was actually a different cut...what I mean by that is that they changed the soundtrack and they cut out what I considered to be some of the funniest jokes from the theatrical cut and replaced them. They ALSO added some additional footage to the film after making those changes. This version of the film feels darker and less funny to me personally so I prefer the theatrical cut over it.ONCE UPON A DEADPOOL/PG13 - This is the edition that nobody asked for and is the most unnecessary. From an editing standpoint this version of film is very sloppy, and seems like one giant montage. They don't even start this version of the film out at the beginning it jumps right into the "safe room scene". A lot of the footage included in this edition was already available on the home releases and online (apart from the short amount filmed with Fred Savage). The movie would end up edited on TV regardless of this edition existing or not. So in reality there was no need for this edition to exist apart from making more money.

Isn't my gen comedy at all , but good movie and story .

Definitely not as good as the first one. They tried too hard, probably due to the pressure to equal or surpass the success of the original considering the much larger budget. Many jokes feel forced; however it still mostly has a large amount of good moments!

I enjoyed the additional cheeky humor that Fred Savage and Deadpool brought to the DP2 movie.Disappointed that the Motion Picture Association (MPAA) would rate the movie as PG-13 and bleep out words like f*** & s***, but not bleep out curses toward God or Jesus, for example. If you're going to make a movie PG-13, it would be great if the movie be made PG-13 all the way, not halfway.Glad that some of the proceeds ($1 from each ticket) is being donated to the Fudge Cancer Foundation. Cancer still sucks.

It's not that I hate this movie....actually I don't even 'just not hate it'....but it definitely does NOT live up to the first Deadpool movie. If you're reading this and trying to decide if you should/shouldn't watch it just know that the hype build up for this movie was a LITTLE too enthusiastic to live up to the first Deadpool.Bummed.

It was a decent movie i guess. The movie just didn't have me on the edge of my seat for some reason. It did have some funny moments and good action scenes but the story just didn't interest me as much.

Porque es una película, que ya la primera no me gusto, no me atrapa, me parece demasiado agresiva, mal educada, impertinente. Si te gusta algo así te gustara, pero a mí no me gusta, entonces no entro en ella.Me parece bastante aburrida. No llego a entrar en su historia, lo veo todo como una sucesión de cosas que pasan. Cuanto más al final, peor me parece. La última parte, me parece terrible. La iluminación no es mala, pero no es buena. No es espectacular como suelen hacerla para este tipo de cine.Una pena que no se aproveche estas películas para alucinarnos con planos bonitos. Si, mucha cámara lenta, pero la cámara siempre observando, en vez de contando. A mí se me hace larga.No sé, la he visto por qué pensaba que sería mejor, pero no lo es.Because it's a movie, that I do not like the first time, it does not catch me, it seems too aggressive, badly educated, impertinent. If you like something like that, you'll like it, but I do not like it, so I do not go into it.I find it quite boring. I do not get to enter its history, I see everything as a succession of things that happen. The more in the end, the worse it seems to me. The last part, I find terrible.Lighting is not bad, but it's not good. It is not spectacular as they usually do for this type of cinema.A pity that you do not take advantage of these films to hallucinate us with beautiful shots. Yes, a lot of slow motion, but the camera always watching, instead of counting. It's long for me.I do not know, I've seen her why she thought it would be better, but it's not

Worth watching for a few laughs and some action. Not as good as the first movie.

Marvel's merc with a mouth is back to spread teabags, gunsmoke and enchiladas throughout the extended X-Men universe. This time he's brought friends, with the grizzled super-soldier Cable arriving from the future and luck-generating sidekick Domino answering a classified ad. It's a fun time, light-heartedly profane in the same vein as the original, if not half as unconventionally creative.With the enlarged budget and heightened expectations, not to mention the change in director, far more of the laughs feel forced and manufactured. If the first film spent 90% of its time in the character's wheelhouse, the sequel goes for something closer to 25%, and a majority of that is in the second act. Ryan Reynolds remains a picture-perfect casting choice, I loved his contrast with Josh Brolin as Cable, Zazie Beetz is a spunky, welcome addition as Domino, but the plot structure feels too tame and the jokes more restrained. Rather than doubling down, we've lightened up and settled for a handful of throwbacks to what worked the last time. It feels like some of the rough edges have been smoothed out, and that unsightful grit is a big part of what makes the character operate.

This movie was the sequal that we didn't need, but needed. Alot of laughs and dramatic moments, doesn't gelo the really off pacing.

I watched the first Deadpool two years ago, my wife watched it with me but decided to skip this one. I watched it at home on BluRay from my public library.For me the only really annoying thing is the constant filthy language, it may be faithful to the comics, I don't know, but it gets distracting very early. It just isn't necessary at the frequency they choose to use it. Almost as if they are saying "Hey look, I can use all the vulgar language I want in this R-rated movie."For those who can get past that the movie itself is frequently very entertaining, especially when the humor is injected. One example, there is a character that is invisible, until he lights up after parachuting into high power lines. Whose face do we see? Brad Pitt. So Ryan Reynolds is back as Wade Wilson who is mostly in costume as Deadpool. He also provides the voice for the very large convict, Juggernaut. His chief nemesis in this movie becomes Josh Brolin as Cable, a cyborg from the future out to get a mutant to prevent future problems. But Deadpool, searching for a "family" is intent on saving the boy.I watched the extended 2 hour 13 minute version, in many respects the whole movie represents a sensory overload.

I will always love the movies with Hollywood-Businesses jokes and "Deadpool 2" is full of them. Though it's a funny and fast Picture, the overall meta-vibes are in cases way too many and makes the film looks heavier than it really is.Quickly, I didn't love it as much as I loved the first one, but it was a perfectly nice follow up and it made me waiting for the next one!

I enjoyed it less than the first movie. This time most jokes fell flat. A few laughs here and there. Still pleasant enough movie to watch to relax or pass the time.*** spoiler ****
at first I got mad they would use the old "dead wife" trope, but fortunately, it got better ;)

I prefer the first deadpool movie as it has the shock factor and the uniqueness of a superhero movie, it basically stands out due to its style and humour.This movie falls short on humour that is appealing. Some were funny and some forced. Through the first half it was a bit boring in parts but then picks up for the second half. It still an entertaining film and keeps true to its style and violence. Ryan Reynolds is undoubtedly funny and he is what keeps the deadpool movie alive and kicking.Special effects and actions scenes were great and the villain is laughable, I guess it suits this kind of a humourous film.

Boy this movie is another predictable movie with the most predictable story. The first was was great, but this second one is like what the fudge. The second part is a rehash of the first movie something happens that changes the main character. Main character takes action, and funny moments and actions just happens. The problem is the funny parts suck and the action parts are just action parts. I don't remember who is the main villian, and what was happening wasn't that interesting. I was bored the whole time. The gambler character played by the actress from Atlanta is great, and I love her character, but every thing other than that is straight boring. This could have been an awesome movie with awesome characters, but it feels like a boring movie with boring characters. I was going to see it in theatres, but that voice in my head was like nope don't. I was super happy I didn't because oh my goodness this was a drag.

The movie is good but u talked too much about the other movies on Deadpool 2 that makes the movies less funnier

The jokes were way better in the first movie when they did them the first time. Make a sequel that bites on the jokes or set up in the first movie is lazy writing, and just because they call that out in the movie multiple times does not make it funny. The scene with the baby legs was the only joke they topped from the first movie with his baby hand. I have no idea whats going on in the recent years with the lazy sequels, but I am tired of it. Bad Santa 2 & Independence Day 2 are just to name a few. Very upsetting. Now Trainspotting 2, they did it right. Deadpool 2 let me down awfully. I had heard great reviews, and already LOVED the first one so much. I CALL FOR A REMAKE!!!!!!!!!

To sum it up, the first movie had serious universe with characters that behave somewhat normal with a nonserius, meta deadpool in it. However in the sequiel tha whole universe seems deadpoolish, reacting fully out of place. 
That took away the whole point of deadpool and it became an average action-comedy superhero movie.
I liked it however...
Also this is exactly why you should not have timetravel in movies...

"Deadpool 2" is an overall successful attempt at bringing the humor, satire, and playful atmosphere of the first film, while at the same time, does a sloppy and incoherent job. With a new director and all too familiar approach, "Deadpool 2" did something that its sole job was to not follow in similar films of the superhero fashion and be simply ordinary. Perhaps that's why the film is severely disappointing despite it being a genuinely good time at the movies. As expected, Ryan Reynolds nails the character of Deadpool/Wade Wilson. He brings the familiar character back onto the screen while enforcing the theory that maybe only he should play this role. He's hilarious throughout and proves to be the comedic lifeblood of the film. With him around, more comic relief is frankly unnecessary. Josh Brolin creates an interesting antagonist as Cable whose back story and depth feel much more entertaining the the first film's generic villain. Both strong performances and quirky additional characters however, don't save "Deadpool 2" from failing on the screenwriting front. The story is messy not because of its "busyness" but its unfocused theme and message. The film promises a particular theme and emotional tug for its protagonist but is later abandoned and sometimes forgotten altogether. The plot even betrays this path of journey and change for the character and then returns to the third act to try and put those pieces back together. This made the film feel unfocused and not nearly as cared for as its predecessor. Many major plot points as well prove to be unbearably cliched predictable. Drawing obvious inspiration (and maybe a little stealing) from The Terminator anthology and a few other science fiction stories, "Deadpool 2" doesn't feel nearly as fresh or original as it really could've been. Perhaps the film's greatest downfall is these fundamental script problems that keep it from becoming something more than just a sequence to make a sequel. Criticisms aside, the humor (especially a the end) had me not only laughing but unexpectedly busting my stomach. Some jokes landed perfectly and created some of the biggest laughs I've experienced in a movie theater in a long time. At the same time, many jokes fell completely on their faces which really makes the film a hit and miss at the same time. The general progression and tempo of the film is fantastic. "Deadpool 2" moves at a brisk pace and slows down at all the necessary places. Where emotion is the heart of the scene, the filmmakers allow us to feel what emotion is available to draw from. When action sequences kick in, they're thrilling and exciting with hardly any dull moments. Both qualities coupled with constant flakes of Deadpool humor make those sequences enjoyable compounded by more enjoyment. Technically, there are several places in the film with honestly horrendous CGI despite its larger budget. One character in particular was not cared for at all and was painful to watch. I was honestly surprised to see how awful it was and see minimal criticism on this despite the budget it received. Still in the realm of visual aesthetics, the film overall has a better, more cinematic look than the first which feels right. It feels very much in the genre which contributes to a more engaging experience.Overall, "Deadpool 2" is not nearly as good as it should be. It's disappointing and its script is incredibly messy. However, it's a good and funny time at the theaters and should satisfy the majority of the movie going audience and especially its intended audience.

I was excited to watch this movie as soon as I finished watching the first one in 2016. This movie was entertaining but it didn't come without its flaws. The performances were really fun to watch. Morena Baccarin, however, didn't have much to do which was disappointing because she was a good character in the first one. The jokes were really funny throughout. The action was fun and violent. The cgi can be a little iffy sometimes but you won't pay too much attention to it as you're laughing at the jokes. The movie sometimes goes with a joke instead of having a cool or emotional moment which is a bummer. But overall it is a funny film that fans of the first one will probably enjoy.

I was really excited to see this movie as I like the first Deadpool. But like most sequels it fails to reach the level of the first one. It felt as the movie was patched together with a lot of bits. Ryan Reynolds does a good job of being the snarky Deadpool character but his one liners get old as the art of the story never seems to peak. With the introduction of so many other superhero characters with too much back story given, the simplicity of good guy versus bad guy is lost. I watched it on the big screen but it might be worth waiting for it to come out on streaming platform to watch on your lunch break. Dr. Wilson Triviño

I noticed that the glass prison her in this movie is very much like the glass one used in the escape plan- 2013 movie for Arnold and Sylvester.

Whoa...Polar extremes with most of the ratings/reviews here?! Expectations need to be dialled back a notch, it's a sequel??!!! It's never going to be as "good". To be honest, the first act was never a stunning masterpiece. Very entertaining, yes. I found this much the same, just on a bigger budget. Deadpool has been overhyped since the success of the first one. It still enjoyed it, even though some of the jokes feel a little flat.

Did anyone really see the first Deadpool movie coming? It pumped a good deal of freshness into a long expired genre, to the joy of both critiques and fans.This iteration has many redeeming qualities, and a plethora of good and vulgar lines. If you came for kicks, you won't be disappointed. Everything good you enjoyed about the first is back. Enough said about the pros. One of the flaws of the first versions was a complicated mix between joking and serious scenes. This occurs to a bigger extent in the sequel. After an entertaining, violent, and profane action sequence, the film takes a dramatic side for a few moments, only to return to whacking off more heads. Since parts of this movie don't take themselves seriously in the slightest (one of it's redeeming qualities), it's hard to sympathize when it does try to be genuine. How can the audience care about someone genuinely dying when dozens of others did so comedically? One may argue that the solemn moments provide a necessary break from the goofiness, but others will disagree. In addition, some of the new characters weren't ideal. Fourteen year old Firefist isn't a particularly likable character, which is unfortunate since he plays an important role. Not to mention he sounds more British than Ron Weasley, which proves to be more of an ear sore. They also throw in a relatively pointless lesbian relationship between Negasonic Teenage Warhead and Yu-Gi-Oh (both characters have next to no development, why even put Yukioh in there). And after all that, they even use the same actor for villain as Infintiy War (Josh Brolin) in case you didn't get enough of him for the first 2.5 hours.All in all, the goods parts of this movie were quite exciting and fresh. But if we've learned anything from Newton, it's that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, and those opposite reactions will have you wishing you were out buying more popcorn.

This film and dp1 are about 50/50, josh brolins cable killed it in this film

The reviews of this movie are really starting to get to me. The first 10 or 15 gave this less then five stars! People, its Dead Pool, what did you expect? They up the action, they up the violence, and what? Because there's no nudity, you guys give it a bad review? It's loaded with funny quotes, it has heart, it's quirky as all hell, and I think the film makers pulled this off quite brilliantly if you ask me. If you haters think you can do such a better job of making a better movie, be our guest! Start your own independent label, and let's start bashing your work, let's see how you enjoy getting your creativity getting kicked to the curb. I was sold on the movie from the opening lines: "FORGET WOLEVERINE!" Said another way, of course, I can't say it here. From there, it's just non stop action, non stop violence, and non stop laughs. There's no female nudity in this one, so I guess it's just...not as good as the first one. ( Laughs loudly!) People, get bent! I would gladly go see this again, and I've never ever paid for a theater film twice in my life. Yah! It's that good. It's even jam packed with some fun surprises. Have fun watching!

Just 1 word to describe this great sequel movie "HILARIOUS" !!!i can't stop laughing when i watched it, and the other characters ( cable and domino ), they actually make a complete dumb&great team with deadpool.
You guys should watch it...

Well, I laughed and I certainly did not cry. Which probably wasn't the point. The "John Wick" co-director David Leitch takes command of the direction after Tim Miller left. You can tell the action sequences have been geared into a better level with more interesting scenarios and set-pieces. What I love about the humor is how self-aware it is. Deadpool pokes fun and satirizes the X-Men films and the genre as a whole. At times it can go a little too far with them overplaying some jokes or making others really obvious. It's OK to play hard to get, you can hold back at some moments. But I get it, the character is foul-mouthed, unfiltered and loves to let the audience know he's in control of this movie. I know I enjoyed the full speed ahead farce that it was. But I'm gonna have to process weather I like it more than the first one. Some elements for sure, but the bigger picture? Hmm.. Perhaps the freshness was gone, but that doesn't mean it's bad.New characters were a well welcomed addition. And by that I mean welcomed with big open arms. Domino had lots of sympathy to bring but she was also a great fast thinking fighter. Josh Brolin is perfect for Cable. I liked the brutal intensity that transmitted across the screen whenever he busted through the walls. He made a great serious counterbalance to Ryan Reynolds' jokey, spandex, anti-hero man. It sort of felt like another "Terminator"-like science-fiction movie when it was just a scene featuring Cable. Which reminds me that there are plenty of serious parts as well. By that I mean actual dramatic parts where there are no jokes. Which was a little problematic for me at first because it had been so full of jokes/meta-humor for the entirety of the run-time up until that point. So I wasn't sure how seriously I was to take a certain scene. Since I was sure it was gonna lead up to a joke that would ease out that tension. But, nope! The jokes didn't return until after they were done with the serious bit. A drastic tonal change from "funny/poking fun at movies times" to "dead serious, no joke, drama where the hero cries". So, there you go. My nitpick.The mid-credit scene is fantastic though, be sure to stick around for that. It's worth it and it only makes me believe that Reynolds was born to play the role even more than before. So that really elevated the entire movie for me. Lots of in-jokes, so I don't know if everyone's gonna get it. It's pretty much a crowd-pleasing movie that doesn't hold back with the references. But only really to those who have seen the other X-Men or Marvel movies. That's a reason why it might not be so funny to everyone. And to be honest I did laugh at plenty of things. Especially at what the X-Force storyline leads up to. Did not expect that... At all! Oh, and also, You know not to bring the kids. It's R-rated for a reason. If the first one didn't do it for you in the joke department and you prefer the more serious work in the comic book film catalogue; Then this will not be so funny to you. Even though I prefer a more emotional and motivational superhero tale, I do appreciate the weird variety of character traits that Deadpool brings to an already crowded genre.

So me and my movie theatre-working friend watched this today and like the previous Deadpool, we both highly enjoyed this one as well! There's a tragedy at the beginning but things pick considerably after that. As before, the leading character breaks the fourth wall in his narration and onscreen and other stuff referring to other superhero movies make this quite funny most of the time. Also, we once again see some of the X-Men characters from the previous one appearing to help Deadpool whether he wants it or not as well as some new ones who also are welcome additions. So that's a high recommendation of Deadpool 2 from both of us!

The peope who complain about this movie have NEVER read the Deadpool comics, otherwise you'd get it. It is right out of his comics the way it was filmed, so tired of non-comic readers acting like they know about Deadpool. It was great.

Film that follows the path of its predecessor in everything but adding slight nuances that differentiates and improves it.
One of the main improvements is in the guide, humor and tone outputs of the protagonists are more natural in the dialogues.
In the original it was noted that certain gags were forced or simply produced because the script so dictated, however, in the second part this is seen as something that flows in the conversations that are established.
The inclusion of secondary is done in a masterly way and they all look and feel fresh in a universe that does not lack this type of characters.
The rest of the elements that compose the tape are very continuist with the first and for that reason they do not fail in any aspect.
The most negative note can be given in the attempt to add a more serious nuance in certain moments of the movies and that some action scenes are extremely long and slow the narrative rhythm.

When I saw this film, I had high hopes that it would be good and it was! The only problems that I had with this film are that it gets a little bit slow at times but then it almost imeaditly bounces back and gets great! Some things that I love about this movie are that it is VERY meta and self-aware and the writers are excelent.

Deadpool 2 was great. Fives times better than the first. Jokes were a plenty and in most cases, the amount would be overkill, but this is a DEADPOOL movie. Not some sappy action flick like Captain America. It has been a long time since I've laughed so hard. Probably since Deadpool 1. People complain there's no plot but they don't understand the character. He does whatever whenever. Doesn't have to make sense. The movie could be about him going after the doctor who slapped him on the butt when he was born. The plot here was simple. Someone close is killed off and he feels has nothing left living for. He meets *insert typical misunderstood delinquent here* who is in trouble for something he may do in the future by some guy from that timeline. He rescues the kid and in turn, rescues both himself and the humanity of the time traveler. Now insert super funny jokes every 10 seconds and you have a winner. I'm so excited for Deadpool 3. Keep them coming and I'll keep watching.

But that is the point!
We got used to serious films with deep messages and serious story, even while watching comic book movies so people got disappointed with Deadpool 2 which is actually closest to its comic book origins than any superhero movie ever.
With so much of goofy action scenes and jokes this movie is basically parody in the vein of "The Hot Shots! Part Deux" but it also has lot of serious stuff. There is no parody that makes fun of everything and also has the space for the meaningful story like this one.
I've expected something like Deadpool 1 but I've got Deadpool 1 on steroids :DIt has funny references and jokes for any kind of viewer.
There were some everyday jokes that casual viewers found hilarious and few seconds later there is some reference and parody of pop culture for geeks like me.
Even if you don't get half of the jokes, the other half will laugh your ass off. I think movie was written in that kind of way. To literally please everyone and surprise someone who will get all of the jokes.
Some will say it's just the lazy writing :P but that kind of writing is actually rare.Some hate the movie because they think it's too much and I understand that opinion because it is too much haha, personally I don't like that in other movies but its really goofy made in this one and we needed that. When was the last time you laughed so hard in the cinema like you did watching Deadpool 2? It's really rare these days. We need more of this :D

Deadpool 2 is exactly what you've expected it to be from watching the first film. The jokes are great, they're original, funny but most importantly, not annoying. Most films with this much jokes are too annoying because they are trying too hard to fit a joke into every scene.
The music is also great as expected, most of them being classic songs that everyone should know like: "Take On Me" and others.
Story-wise however, the story is definitely lacking and doesn't make sense at some points, but what did you expect? I went to the cinema knowing that I just want the attitude and sarcasm of Wade Wilson and the music.

Short and Simple Review by WubsTheFadgerAfter the massive success of Deadpool, we were bound to have a sequel. The sequel is just as good if not better than the first. Deadpool two has a more original and less cliched story. It also introduces some amazing new characters. As always, the humor is spot on and the violence is over the top. The acting is very good. Josh Brolin plays Cable magnificently. I was skeptical going into the film but he blew me away. He is tough and totally awesome. Ryan Reynolds once again is a perfect Deadpool. Morena Baccarin, T.J. Miller, Karan Soni, Brianna Hildebrand, and Stefan Kapicic all perform very well. Zazie Beetz was cast as Domino and at first, I was not happy. But she performed very well as Domino. All the X-Force members perform very well and are hilarious. I did not like Julian Dennison's character and he is a bad actor. He has a weird voice and his body is shaped like a pear. He looks like a Teletubby.The pacing is fast and the runtime is good.The CGI for Juggernaut looked quite bad compared to Colossus Pros: Original and hilarious story, great jokes and gags, amazing characters, great new characters, Josh Brolin as an amazing Cable, Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool, good acting, fast pacing, and a good runtimeCons: Julian Dennison looks weird, he is not a good actor, and the CGI for Juggernaut looked cheapOverall Rating: 8.8

Was not expecting anything serious of this movie, but it turned out to be much better, then I expected. A lot of funny moments, good fights, cinematic scenes. Definitely reccomended to watch with friends!

Finally a fight with the juggernaut vs colossus, 2 heavy hitters go toe to toe!! the humour is top notch the comedy is quality its not predictable i thoroughly enjoyed it! Hoping for a 3rd, brill film

Making a good sequel is hard. Making a brilliant one is even harder. Making Deadpool 2 must have been insanely hard then because this movie is a home run in almost every aspect.Since there is only one negative thing I have to say about this movie I'll get it right out of the way.
A lot of the cgi was visibly very bad. Surprisingly bad actually. I have no idea if it was ironic or not but its really not that big of a flaw.Ok so positive stuff: 
The movie was absolutely stomach-pain-inducingly funny. There are moments in this movie where the whole theater was screaming from laughter. I didn't notice a single joke that fell flat. Of course some are either low brow or just not as good but none of them were horribly cringy or in general bad.
Ryan gives, yet again, another perfect portrayal of the merc with the mouth. Born for it , literally. 
Josh Brolin was a absolute blast as cable as well. Layered performance and actually well written character.I think this movie works best with someone who watches lots of movies, follows pop culture (particularly marvel (and heck even some dc) movies). The references are at least 60% of the humor along with the hilarious slapstick and visual comedy.All of the characters are great, the standout being Domino. Not because of the performance as much as just the brilliantness of the idea of a lucky superhero.The movie is action packed with a lot of hilarious visual comedy as well as plenty of gore and limbs to satisfy the R rated hungry Deadpool fans.The movie has some seriousness to it too, not only being 100% wacky like the first Deadpool. The writers actually injected some emotion and "family connection" into the movie and it all worked very well.Please do yourself a favor and stay until the after credits (of which there are two, just don't miss them).Fantastic sequel and probably the funniest movie I have seen in a while.
9.5/10

Yesterday we have attended the premiere of this sequel. I was a little worried, because sequels usually do not live up to expectations, and everyone expected so much, based on the first movie. Story. Story was well developed and not easily predictable. I am glad that they invested some screen time into character development and back stories (I missed this in Infinity Was so bad). Of course, the character development and back stories were not boring and presented beautifully in "deadpool-ly" way. Acting. After the first movie I expected nothing but perfection from Ryan and he NAILED it. Also, other characters were great and really into their roles. The movie made it look that there was no unnecessary parts.Post-credit scenes. Don't you dare to leave the cinema until two post-credit scenes! Because I really cried because of laughter from these two. Conclusion - even better that the first movie. Must watch!

I was nervous about this because I loved the first film so much. Thankfully it really lived up to my expectations. Same sense of humour as the original and a much bigger budget for the special fx which, as you'd expect, are commented on by the cast.
I did show my age though by being one of only two people who got the Take on Me joke. It's a family movie but don't take the kids.

This time on the second is added lil bit drama romantic on it, laugh make more hard every single minute. DUBSTEP!

The simplest thing I can say about Deadpool 2 is that I actually laughed out loud. I don't normally laugh that much anymore from anything, but despite my cynicism of some of the regurgitation of material that was used in the original, this is one of the few movies that actually had me laughing out loud. Seeing Ryan Reynolds reprise the role he was born for is such a breath of fresh air. Reynolds has been in a sort of time-warp for his entire career until he hit gold with Deadpool. He's unbelievably funny as the talkuntilyouwanttoshootyourself super "hero". Josh Brolin is absolutely amazing and menacing as Cable. Zazie Beetz is incredible as Domino and because of her powers, her fight scenes are hilariously gory. I can let it slide that Hollywood needed to rub their diversity hands over her character and change her from white to black. This is the far left leaning Hollywood after all.One criticism is the popping up of regressive left identity politics and views again. It seems like a lot of the movies and TV shows I watch are increasingly wagging their finger at these issues from a 1 sided perspective. The most shocking thing about the movie is it managed to somehow keep the momentum of the original going, although it did lose some of the originality that made the first movie so amazing. Solid 8.

However I didn't like movie, Deapool's jokes and references were cool and most of the ways film was fun to watch. When it comes to action scenes, they were quite slippery for example in the 1st movie there was a scene with limited bullet amount and it was pretty memorable unfortunately this one has no any scene like that. Finally, I dissapointed with story, actually there was no any story at all and I don't want to mention about plot holes. In after credits scene, deadpool uses Cable's device to fix every thing and it was very cheap and makes movie pointless briefly this movie was like sit-com with Deadpool and story part is one of the worst I've ever seen.

I know sequels are just more of the same, but this is one lame flick. after you say the "f" word a million times, it loses its sting. and they seem to do everything twice, just in case you didn't get it.

Like most people I was a huge fan of the first film. So naturally I went into this movie with pretty high expectations. At the very least I was expecting it to be almost as good as the first movie. Unfortunately I left the theater bummed out and disappointed. On one hand there were definitely good things about this movie. On the other hand I thought the humor was forced at times and certain points in the movie I was actually BORED!? which I'd never thought I'd say about a Deadpool movie. Without going into spoilers, the film just felt strange, certain characters I didn't like or felt generic. At the end It didn't have the same satisfying feeling as the first one did.

I'll keep it short and sweet. If you liked the original Deadpool movie, then you'll love this. I was laughing almost the entire time and the rest of the people in my theater were, too.

I literally couldn't stop laughing. Some jokes were seen from a mile away and still I found myself laghing when they concluded. Love Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool, it's like he was born for the role. Hilarious. Period. Go watch it, preferably with other people (enhances the experience).

In Deadpool 2 you can find lots of ingredients that are wrong about current Blockbusters under a magnifying glass. Here are some examples.1. The good guy kills everyone but is mortified when a single person that accidentally means something to him dies. So he kills more people. Common practice in movies and politics.2. How can the hero mean something if nothing can reeeeaally happen to him?3. Using the R-rating as an excuse to squeeze in as much "dirty words" that wouldn't shock an 8 year old orphan.4. Violence for the sake of violence. It doesn't mean anything and doesn't increase the fun in any way. Cgi limbs and blood always look fake.5. Being 'meta' just to please the nerds and make people think of how clever they are to understand the popcultural references. In ten to fifteen years this movie will probably be terribly dated because of that.6. Weakening every half emotional or serious scene with a laugh. This movie is so scared of allowing any real feeling that you can feel sorry for it. Why bother with showing serious stuff when nothing of it has any impact on the audience?7. Plot seems to be overrated. Why confuse us with a real story when it's so much more entertaining to kill more people and drop more 'witty' oneliners?I don't want to sound like an arthouse guru because I'm not. If you're one of those who can switch off their brains while watching a movie and are not appalled by the things I mentioned, this is your movie. It looks cool, it's loud and it doesn't expect a lot from its viewers.
If you want a good comic book movie, return to Logan, The Dark Knight, Superman or even Howard the Duck.

Some parts secens are good but that's about it. The story line was crap. Not even close 2 as good as the 1st film was. Way overrated.

Obviously the humor isn't for everyone, but personally, I couldn't stop laughing.

I think the movie was better then the first one had lot more action and was lot more funnier then first deadpool. But that's just my honest opinion.

I was expecting less, and pleasantly surprised that it over delivered. In the first outing, when the jokes were stripped away there wasn't a whole lot happening. This time, there is a greater belief backing the picture - probably because this time Deadpool and crew more tightly inhabits the MCU. The new characters are all well fleshed out, Cable is a great foil, Domino a great sidekick and the action is not second rate. In fact the action was very solid. Cable kicks ass in a non derivative way - he is clearly a soldier. The emotional story is played reasonably straight - another sign of confidence. It doesn't hang off the film, but is integral to it. The plot is strangely lacking in the usual jar load of massive holes - even given the time travel. This just all gives the humour even more space to stand. (For me, Weasel gets top billing)I'm happy to give a film, however lowbrow, an appropriate score if it delivers on it's premise. But there is an issue here: this film burns it's own genre for heat. The X-men are thrown onto the fire right in front of our eyes. With Thor: Ragnorak also played for laughs, there will be a more stratified feel to future Marvel. There is room for funny, or political, or world stretching. But falling between these stools will no longer work.

I went to see this not exactly knowing what to expect besides a whole lot of fun but let me tell ya it was fantastic maybe even better then before there was plenty of slick humor loads of action heart and humor one of the best movies of the year with a good message we can all take away from it see it

This movie is absolutely fantastic. I was consistently entertained throughout the whole thing. The story is hilarious and clever. The characters are all well-acted and portrayed (except for Weasel). My only complaint is that the end credits scenes (while being some of the funniest scenes in the entire movie) kinda create some plot holes. I don't care because its really really funny, but I wanted to point it out. Every problem from the first movie is fixed. There is better action and effects and the plot is much better. There are a lot of strange camera angles and editing decisions, but nothing too bad. If you liked the first movie, you'll love this one.

Love the movie finally got Juggernaut and Ryan reynolds plays both Deadpool and juggernaut.pause it at the the spot you can see his face in the helmet. Class

The self aware anti hero named Deadpool is back, and this time he forced to protect a mutant boy named Fire fist from Cable(Josh Brolin) a mutant/cyborg who has traveled from the near future to kill him. With an all star team behind him, Deadpool will do what it takes to save the boy, but the question is will he?This sequel tops the original, and it knows it. Ryan Reynolds once again kills it as Deadpool, but Josh Brolin really steals it has Cable, did the same as Thanos in Avengers Infinity War. The way he and Ryan Reynolds just play off each other, makes them a perfect duo, and as Cable he comes into his own. Action scenes are well shot. The jokes really deliver on q perfectly. The film never loses sight on what it is. Looking forward to see more Josh Brolin has Cable.

Deadpool's second installment does have some differences from the first movie. This includes an opening like but not like a James Bond movie with some crazy credits. That is only the tip of what is in store. Marvel Comic spirits predominate a talented cast and a script which makes too much sense. Deadpool 2 has another director from the first one, and though neither film has an experienced director (4 credits versus 5), the directors of this series are not real important. What is important is does the film have great humor and does the film mover along at a brisk pace? This one does....Deadpool gets shot up, beat up, and finds love, loses love, finds luck, irony, drama, and comedy all in 2 hours of film. He also loses a few things along the way, and gets to pick up the pieces during the end credits. No need to wait until the end of the credits in this one. Now here is the major spoiler- the plot works itself out using the theme of a song. What is the name of the song?"If I Could Turn Back Time"- yes it's Cher with an amazing vocal of her song included in this package. There is some pretty good music in this one. It's always in the back ground which is good. I don't think it would ever be a good idea for Deadpool to break out singing. After all, Clint Eastwood never boasts about his warbling in "Paint Your Wagon". Deadpool is a funny action hero who knows better than to subject his fans to any of that.

The script and storyline was made in a way that is impossible to get bored. Is an experimental way of a linear narrative, by going back and forth because he's dying all the time. Is so clever. Plus all the references of movies, music and pop culture that just makes it more relatable to the everyday life. And the diversity of the cast and the black humor made the movie so pleasent to watch. The actions are aggressive and it can get very explicit but that's the spark about Deadpool. Very good job.

I loved it. I thought this one was better than the first one and that's not usually the case with sequels. I was howling with laughter so loud I was in tears. This is definitely a must see. I will see it again and again to try and catch what I might have missed.

I could not find anything much than the dark humor it contains here and there. like DEADPOOL suggests, this movie script is too lazy!!

Savage. That's the least I can come up with to describe Deadpool 2 in one word. This will probably be the coolest movie released this year or for some time now. Sometimes crass, sometimes extremely clever and sometimes emotional, this movie does everything. The self destructive humour this time is up a notch compared to the last one. The comic book, music and other Hollywood references make this movie a treat for a serious movie fan. The humour hits the nail on the head and mocks Hollywood and meny sensitive issues. The promos themselves that lead to this have been brilliantly executed and the movie does one better. This time the movie is not just about Deadpool himself but about the other mutant characters as well. The movie is probably building up to a new generation of XMen. Deadpool fights to save a mutant teenager from Cable who has come from the future. Things get complicated than they are supposed to be and Deadpool fights a moral battle within himself to make the right decisions. The action is indeed brutal thanks to R rating and yet is fun to watch. Old school rock and hip hop music adds to the funky flavour of the movie. What makes this movie special is the way the characters are written. Every character is so unique and almost everyone makes an impact just because how weird the characters are (watch out for a super special guest appearance). Special mention to the dialogue writers of the movie for the insanely clever lines. Ryan Reynolds is just brilliant and it feels like he should be only be playing as Deadpool in whatever the movie he is in. The role of cable suits perfectly for Josh Brolin and with Thanos and this it seems like this is a second coming of his own. All the other support characters do a very good job and special mention to Karan Soni's Dopinder whose role is much more funnier than the first part.Deadpool 2 does everything what you expects it to do and still manages to surprise you. This movie will probably give birth to a new genre in Hollywood something in the lines of parody-satire-action. God bless the coolest crew who made this movie.

From beginning to end we had a blast watching this movie, sequels are hard to get right but Reynolds fired on every cylinder to give us a movie better than its predecessor!

Better than the first one. Really funny, dark humor, lots of action sequences, gore, romance, drama and the most sad moments i've watched in a lot of time. Many references to pop culture (OST as well) and Marvel, and it mocks on DC Comics and Warner Bros at least 4 times. The opening credits are a tribute to James Bond, really well done and performed by Celine Dion. Good performances of Domino, Rusell (the kid) and Cable.There are 2 mid-credit scenes; the second one is the best mid-credit scene of all times in cinema history.

I want to start by saying having watched all trailers for DP2 as they came out over the past few months, I was starting to worry a little bit of trailers spoiling the movie but was happy with final trailer still not revealing much. To my joy it turned out they managed to strike a very good balance in terms of trailer fulfilling their teaser function without making me feel "yea we can skip this part of the movie, trailers got it covered".It is not a masterpiece of a movie, but going to Deadpool with that expectation is no different than riding merry-go-round for adrenaline. Deadpool 2 successfully delivers its promise of being an action packed mockery of superhero genre. The way it can go the lengths regular superhero movies can not dare go allowed the movie to accomplish some unique story twists and action scenes. Without spoiling anything there is a particular scene where Deadpool and Cable handshake, and that scene alone is worth the movie ticket.Plus kudos to Reynolds for the after credits scene.

Laughed so hard at this one. It's on another level.

Better story line. 
Amazing action. 
Fresh laughs. 
True to the original.A truly epic sequel!!

Achieves the opposite of what the original tried, and succeeded in doing.Regurgitated, lacks the freshness, slickness and verve of the original.Formulaic, phoned-in, not funny.. unimaginative.I could go on.. I loved the original DeadPool and was eager to see the sequel - I didn't finish watching it, as I was too busy being sick into my own scorn.Too many 'in-jokes' which actually alienate anyone who isn't completely immersed in current American pop-culture.P.S. I did eventually manage to watch it all the way through, and it's not bad, but still it fails to do what the original did. No surprises.
Too much self-congratulatory-ass-kissing "Oh look how clever and funny we are" between cast and director / script.
This doesn't make for a great movie - spoils it in fact.P.P.S. (Note to cast, director, scriptwriters/screenplay etc.. You're not as funny as you think you are. )

Unnecessary diversity that adds nothing to a backstory. They made the New Zealand/Arab looking kid a terrorist when he gets old, wtf why? 
Zazie's character as Domino was the most pointless character in any comic book movie to date. She was literally there for no reason and they had to make her back to put her on a poster. Hollywood needs to chill with this diversity for no reason thing. 
It's like black Annie, there's no point of it... If you're going to make diversity in a movie, don't make it the most politically incorrect comic book character of all time. Hollywood this isn't pokemon, we don't need to catch them all and shuv one of every race into a film, it's not necessary whatsoever.
I felt like they tried fitting in too much political crap, after reading this review you'll know exactly what I'm saying.

TL;DRBeat the sequel curse - better than the first oneBetter story with more heartStory takes a surprising directionNot bogged down in origin storiesPlenty of jokes and references, never falling short on comedyAs much a comedy as it is a superhero filmBreathtaking, exciting action sequencesHumanises Deadpool moreReturning and new characters all a joy, but never steal the light from ReynoldsBest post-credits scene yet (yes, even better than MCU)------------------------------------------------Despite the wide variety of characters in Marvel comics, Deadpool has always been a unique; the Merc with a Mouth has won the hearts of comic fans worldwide and more recently the hearts of film fans too with 2016's Deadpool. The first film was an excellent portrayal of the character, Reynolds proving the perfect choice for playing the inimitable Wade Wilson. Hopes were naturally very high for the sequel, but, as with all follow-ups, there was a worry that it wouldn't live up to the original; that it would perhaps go too far or be just a rehash of what we've seen before. Fortunately, that's not the case - if anything, Deadpool 2 is better than its predecessor, with a better story, more characters and much more references and humour. Still, although this film succeeds on every level, it still struggles to be quite as unique and memorable as the titular character himself.The story in Deadpool 2 is hugely better and more entertaining than the previous one, jumping straight in with full-on Deadpool action and leading on to a genuinely engaging narrative. Unlike the first, this one doesn't have the handicap of being bogged down in an origin story. This results in a better story with much more heart and more even more comedy. In fact, the story takes a fairly surprising turn, taking us in an unpredictable direction. Despite the sheer volume of promotion for this film, it's commendable that much of its plot details were not leaked ahead of time. As much as it mocks fellow superhero films, in this respect it's an improvement on Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, a film that was famously criticised for giving away the main antagonist at the end as well as the inclusion of Wonder Woman.On top of this, it has a different feel to a lot of other superhero films and comes across as notably fresh even in an already saturated genre dominated by the MCU. A lot of this has to do with how Deadpool is different and how humour is at the heart of both the character and the film. There are plenty of references which can make anyone laugh, particularly film and comic fans though. It takes a certain boldness for a film to ridicule itself, but it definitely works to its advantage here. There's even wise-cracking and jokes in the middle of intense action scenes, never falling short on laughs. These jokes make the otherwise breathtaking and exciting fight scenes that much more enjoyable. It's just as much a comedy as it is a superhero film, arguably even funnier than most comedy films released. This is precisely what we need in this genre, making Deadpool 2 stand out even though coming out just weeks after record breaking superhero film Avengers: Infinity War.Since wise-cracking and comedy is at the heart of Deadpool's character himself, it then comes as no surprise that this is without a doubt Ryan Reynolds' film. Once more completely throwing himself into the role, he's proven himself yet again to be perfect as Deadpool. This film managed to give him a chance to humanise the character, giving us a more emotional Wade amongst the ceaseless joking. Not that our titular hero gets edgy at all - that duty is served perfectly by newcomer Josh Brolin. Even though we've just seen him as Thanos, he makes an excellent adversary to Deadpool as Cable (although he's still called Thanos once in one of many great one-liners), with a large heart underneath the gruff, rugged persona. Another newcomer, Zazie Beetz also fits in very well as an opposite to Deadpool, rolling her eyes at all his jokes and quips, often effortless managing to steal the spotlight in some of the action scenes. Julian Dennison too is very welcome in his role, only his comedy talents seem slightly underused - still, he's gone from Hunt for the Wilderpeople to a more mainstream film. Hopefully this is a step in the right direction for a up and coming star. Other supporting characters return fresh-faced and excited to continue, but they never manage to steal the spotlight from Reynolds.Anyone who enjoyed the first film is guaranteed to enjoy the second. Everything that we liked from the former returns, this time bigger and better; more story, more characters, more action, more laughs, more heart - think Avengers was the only excellent superhero film this year? Think again. It's almost as if Black Panther was a starter, Avengers was the main, Deadpool 2 is dessert, and Ant-Man and the Wasp will be coffee. Not only is it impressive for Deadpool to stand among the MCU titans, but dessert has never been so fun.

After buying the first Deadpool on disc, I discoverd that the jokes got stale and the pacing felt uneven on repeat viewings. The sequel excels in almost every way. From Julian Dennison, whom we loved in Hunt for the Wilderpeople, to Josh Brolin's hilarious deadpans, to Zazie Beetz, who is charismatic and beautiful even when sitting on a tree stump, Deadpool 2 just works on every level. It is genuinely funny even on repeated viewings. The zero nudity rating was a bonus that allowed us to bring our teenagers to the movies. Look from some hilarious A-list cameos throughout. It is the Godfather 2 of action comedies.

Have you ever done cocaine? Me neither, but I can imagine the effects that cocaine have on a person is similar to the same psychological and bodily reaction one gets while watching "Deadpool 2." Imagine buying a nice bag of 100%, pure, unadulterated, Colombian "sugar," and you can already feel the rush through your body as you're walking home with it. Your hands are shaking with excitement, your heart is racing, and your brain is flooded with dopamine. Then you get home, ready to press your face against that sweet, sweet angel dust and breath in, and then the real rush hits you. Adrenaline, endorphins, it's like an orgasm times one million. You laugh, you cry, you feel your brain coursing with pleasure. The process of going to watch "Deadpool 2" is like that, but better. First you buy the ticket, and you can feel a slight tingling in your groin area. Then you buy your popcorn, get a large soda because it's only 75 cents more than the medium and who could resist a deal like that, and as your wallet gets lighter because you just spent a week's pay in 15 minutes, the tingling increases, and you feel a slight sense of moisture (I'm trying to make this applicable to both sexes okay? This is 2018). Then you actually step inside of the theatre and you're basically a lake. Everyone around you is avoiding you because EVERY part of your body is dripping some form of liquid, and you're breathing heavily even though you didn't even snort any coke, at least, not the good kind. And then the trailers start and your excitement is almost unbearable. If you were having a sexual experience, which is practically what "Deadpool 2" is, you would have no doubt already finished and disappointed your lover. But then, finally, sweet release rushes over you as the movie finally starts, and it's as if you've taken a page from Paul Finch's book and studied the art of sexual tantric meditation because for the duration of the entire run time you feel pure, radiating sexual pleasure. I'm not even exaggerating, but I am narcissistically stroking my own ego by overindulging in my own mediocre writing abilities, but that's how you get the A's kids, you write a bunch of fluff and make it sound professional, and now I'm making slightly above minimum wage in an insurance office doing work I did not go to college for so it looks like all my hard work paid off. Did I mention I made $160 in the stock market by selling a stock I owned when it rose a few bucks, but I could've made much more if I had any patience and waited only 3 hours later, at which point my stock would've rose to a number so astronomically large that I am currently considering checking myself into a psych ward because of how much I regret my decision? Don't worry though, because "Deadpool 2" is funnier and more entertaining than my poorly written review. I laughed so hard that I have no doubt I made my girlfriend uncomfortable. My girlfriend, she didn't laugh that much, she chuckled, shook her head, farted a few times, but me, I couldn't stop. I was stroking my girlfriend's thigh slowly and suggestively during this movie because she's thicc and was wearing short shorts, but the stroking turned into iron-tight grips because I needed something to hold on to because I was laughing so hard. Seriously, my girlfriend now has bruises on her thighs and officer, I swear, it's Deadpool's fault. I really feel stupid because of how hard this movie made me laugh.And if you're a killjoy and don't find anything funny, then you shouldn't go see this movie but if you do, at the least the action will definitely entertain you. The action is slick and clean and gory and bloody and very high-energy, and really reminded me of "Kick-Ass." And when it comes to energy and humor and high-octane, stylized, awesome action, "Deadpool 2" feels a lot like "Kick-Ass," and coincidentally "Deadpool 2" is kick-ass. 9/10 so cashmeousside

If you like the character Deadpool then you'll like the movie. There was so much to like and laugh at. There were no slow spots. The action was great. There were really fun suprises. So many marvel movies have a plot without any interesting twists, this was not one of them. I especially enjoyed seeing side characters change over time. Do yourself a favor and go see a movie that was throughly enjoyable. Even with Reynolds who makes fun of his acting skills. He had some moving moments in the film. Something I didn't expect to see from a guy that looks like an avocado.

This was a great follow-up packed with all the over-the-top violence, language, political, and show biz commentary you can shake a stick at. Most movies get dicey when you pull the time travel card and this movie is no exception. Many of the events in the film are seemingly erased in some post credit stingers, notably NOT the fate of Shatterstar. At long last we finally get Cable and Domino added to the MCU so that enters a whole new host of shinanegans. I thought Reynolds delivered another epic performance as the foul-mouthed assassin. While Brolin is a fine addition as the Techno-Virus infected mutant. There were some moments where they milked the scenes a little too much, the faux death scene comes to mind. Deadpool brings dark and side-splitting humor to the MCU and while a movie like this is usually a love it or hate it affair for viewers I felt I got what I expected going in and was happy with casting choices as they inject some mutants who are not afraid to use hollow points.

Although it's the second movie, I had a lot of fun watching it unlike my expectations. It had lots of references to DCEU, MCU, other cinematic universes and things that relate to general culture throughout the movie. I highly recommend you to watch it!

Took my fella to view film. Bloody hilarious. Had us in stitches most of the film.

Note to self: never get fooled by a trailer again. I laughed a few times, yeah, but that's it. The movie is packed with jokes but most of them are misfires, and of course they tried to turn the ending into a joke as well but it just drags on and never delivers, and left me bored and even a little sad. All the characters are pretty much bland with no depth and the plot is paper-thin. The first one was FAR better. The fact that some people give this 10/10 baffles me, unless you're 10 years old, or have the mentality of a 10 year old.

Just saw Deadpool 2. SO funny, and even better than the first one! All my fears about Zazie Beetz just not being Domino were completely negated. She was absolutely amazing and had by far the best action scenes that really showed off what she can do. Josh Brolin was definitely the perfect choice for Cable. Interesting that he's been in movies from both Marvel and Fox; I feel like he should show up in one of Sony's Spider-Man movies for a hat trick. Also, glad Brianna Hildebrand could come back for this one. She and Shioli Kutsuna are adorable together. Not to mention how great all the X-Force's scenes were (no spoilers). Plus, all these cameos! I felt like I was watching one of the new Star Wars movies or something! Fantastic movie. Is it too early to want a third one? Until that happens, I'll definitely be seeing this again.

If you liked the first movie, you'll defenetely LOVE this one. It's very funny, action packed, and entertaining.

Whatever one might have thought of the first Deadpool movie, it was definitely trying to do something new. The problem with Deadpool 2 is it's trying to do the same something new that the first one did. Meaning, of course, there is nothing new here at all. And that's all the words I'm going to spend on that.

The first deadpool always gets me in a good mood because of the movies "light" hearted nature, even though the movies deals with some heavy issues along the way.Deadpool 2 left me unsatisfied and kind of down in the mood department.This movie is harsh emotional, and the movie lingers in this state for far too long whenever it goes downhill for our customeclad hero in contracts to the first movie. The characteristic humour of deadpool often felt misplaced, and did nothing to lighten to scene or the overall of the movie.The movie tried too hard to out-do deadpool 1 in every aspect, and came up short in almost everything, and more often than not it felt forced and tame.PS: The trailer is nothing like the movie, so if you liked the first one please see more review sites before buying tickets for this. You're not buying tickets for more of deadpool 1, but for deadpool 2, which is a different movie.Score 5/10
Recommendation = Not for the price of cinema tickets

I haven't laughed so hard before! Amazing acting!!

I went into this movie with somewhat high expectations of sturdy story telling with a blend of natural jokes that would elicit laughter. I agree that it kept me laughing throughout but I was quite disappointed with the story and the plot. It was a cheesy rip off of the Terminator movies and the plot felt shallow. Given how wonderfully planned Deadpool 1 was, I can't help but feel like that this doesn't live up to the expectations. Somewhere in between mocking other franchises, they forgot to make a movie with an original story line.

Very very good I'm just wow!!!!I'm want another dead pool ;)

I honestly believe our population is becoming spoiled with all the good movies that have come out these past few years.In my opinion, Deadpool 2 is better than the first; it's also the best film to come out this year and it's just generally awesome overall. I've seen it twice, might see in theaters a 3rd time and definitely buying it on dvd.This movie is riotously HILARIOUS. There were some parts where I couldn't breathe from laughing so hard.I have to say though, if you didn't just watch the first Deadpool before seeing this then you probably didn't feel the impact of the more emotional scenes or get some of the jokes that were direct nods to the first. So my advice to you is before seeing this, watch the first one to refresh your memory. You can thank me later.

Broke the general rule of don't see the sequel.. so glad I did

Ok let's start off with the fact Deadpool 2 takes too long to get to the meaty bits and adolescent bathroom humor , but once it does, it gets its 9 stars. 
After the slow rocky start, you will be served up heaping piles of melodrama. Self-discovery. Trippy sequences, and Josh Brolin skulking in the background. All of this topped with a dash of some X-Men, and as an added bonus there's an extended joke that ends with a fatal attraction crotch shot that you will never be able to unsee. Oh and a teddy bear. Just focus on the teddy bear and you'll be alrightAs a superhero movie, Deadpool 2 is a sequel that is not better than the original but it does builds on the original in the expected ways. The action's bigger, the cast has grown and Karan Soni's Dopinder steals the ending for himself!!
Of course you will get the obligatory end-credits sequences. They're not essential to move the franchise along, but they are hilarious and worth the wait.As a comedy, is were Deadpool 2 surpasses the original, dispelling the curse of sequels being god awful and ultimately so terrible they are forgotten. You may be annoyed at first, but like its star, Deadpool 2 will irritate you until you're a slave to the rhythm.

So I won't be giving an in depth review here...and to be honest it's not really a 10 star movie as I have rated it. This is still a super fun film and if you're a fan of the first you'll enjoy this one too!
You see, I'm here to balance the 1 star reviews. And try and try as they might, the haters still aren't knocking this one down below 8 stars yet. 
Sorry...but I've been a film buff for more than 35 years and have obviously seen thousands of movies and for anyone to rate this just 1 star or even 3 or 4 is just plain silly. 
So many people just love to hate! It must be their only means of justifying their pathetic existence. Complaining about plot (it's not trying to be a major drama here folks), complaining about how the characters don't reflect the comics (sometimes you have to adjust for the times and they are moving fast). If they made Flash Gordon today it would have to be silly...as the things people never thought possible like lasers are actually a real thing now!
It's supposed to be simply fun without having to be wrapped around some amazing plot and sub plots. You're just supposed to have FUN! It's meant to be silly. Loosen your sphincters people, chew some popcorn and have a few laughs!

The first one was funny and on the edge with the R rating. This second came with the same old shtick and R rating but seemed very forced. Throughout the movie I found myself checking my phone due to boredom. I would not recommend, I should have watched Infinity War for a third time.

Bored, pointless, worse marvel, out of my expectations, bye deadpool i dont like you

"Deadpool 2" is hysterical, whimsically crass, electrifying action, and despite superfluous intentions: "Deadpool 2" is about family. Sweet surprise. Ryan Reynolds is the mercurial snarky reluctant hero Deadpool and his human persona Wade Wilson. Wade possesses amazing mutant regenerative powers and martial arts skills. Josh Brolin is Cable, the mechanically armed cyborg from the future, seeking to alter the time line; thus, erasing his own personal tragedy. Wade's heartbroken cynicism and Cable's dour intensity compose this unique Yin and Yang of Director David Leitch's eclectic "Deadpool 2". Leitch has a masterful eye for martial arts execution as displayed in "John Wick" and "Atomic Blonde". Brolin's Cable and Reynolds's Deadpool go full throttle in vicious throw down, upon each other or in tandem thrashing a villain horde. With all the spectacular shoot 'em eye candy, gaudy CGI battles, and cleverer than thou self-conscious pop culture references the story by Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick, and Reynolds discovers genuine gravitas in its conventional heart: What is it to be a family? At the narrative arc Vanessa, played by beautiful soulful Morena Baccarin, tells her lover Wade, "Kids give us a chance of being better than we use to be." In this "Deadpool 2" emerges greater. "Deadpool 2" is more of the same hyperbole action sequences and smart aleck sensibility. Yet, Wade experiences profound loss and discovers his purpose in saving suffering young mutant Russell, played by innocently brave Julian Dennison, who commands fiery flames through his hands. In all its misdirects and the comic narrative obsession for Wolverine and Hugh Jackman, "Deadpool" is really about family and love. Deadpool himself would rather vomit in his confession. He forms the "X-Force" to complete his mission to save Russell's soul and the future's well-being. Strong mesmerizing Zazie Beetz as Domino, whose mutant prowess is luck, comments on the team's name: "Isn't that a little derivative?" Exactly. Zazie is total kick ass and a star. Domino. Cable. Deadpool. Russell. Family doesn't necessarily have to look a certain way. But you know when you are one. Reynolds beautifully balances aloof smarter than thou and big-hearted hero. He is literally stifled in that red mask. Yet, Leitch wisely exposes Ryan's well of emotions when unmasked. Wade tells tearful Russell, "You're a good kid..." Deadpool reveals his own truth. Through all his bluster and irreverence, he knows that we all deserve kindness. Josh Brolin is Ryan's understatedly powerful foil. In contrast to motor mouth Wade, his Cable's selected words command gravity. He moves us as he speaks of "the most pain" you will ever know. "Deadpool 2" is loud, smart aleck hysterical and total over the top carnage. No surprise. What surprises: It's sense of humanity. Seems even Deadpool knows that Hero is about family. Hero is about love. He might even say that with a straight face, if you could see his face. Just saying.

I really liked the original, but this second installment seriously suffers from trying too hard to be funny and offensive, and spends too little time being a good story or appealing.We have effects by the boatload, but they really fail to bring us anywhere in the story. There were only a dozen people at the saturday matinee I went to, and it was literally packed for black panther with no empty seats. I think this really illustrates the difference between good and bad movies since both are from the Marvel Universe. For me, the best moments were the easter eggs after the credits. Anyway, there are a few moments worth watching (Like the line "Kiss Me Like You Miss Me"), but the other 92% is just not impressive. I really did not feel like my ticket money was well spent.

Thought it was great I loved the first movie just as much as this movie it's hard to pick which one is better

I went into the movie hoping it wouldn't be a lame attempt to cash in on the popularity of the first one. It definitely wasn't. As Reynolds himself said, the solo formula isn't good for more than a couple movies. Though they pushed it on the sequel it still worked. Mainly because there were so many twists in the movie.
Every time I thought it was getting too serious (I mean really, are looking for serious in a Deadpool movie), they threw a little twist and left you thinking, Ok, what's next?
The action was good, the humor was just as raunchy, and actually pretty topical without being to hipster.
Lots of making fun of himself, and others, throughout the movie.
In short, it was exactly what I expected, and wanted, from a Deadpool sequel.
The post credits scene was almost worth the price of admission by itself.

This movie was insanely funny!!! It had one of the best after credit scenes (obviously) and the sarcasm from Ryan Reynolds was just godly. Everyone go see it!!

After the solemnity of "Infinity Wars", the Deadpool sequel offers some much-needed levity.Like all good sequels, "Deadpool 2" builds on the first film's success and raises the stakes, with Ryan Reynolds excelling again. You're almost convinced he's ACTUALLY Deadpool.This time, DP's joined by Cable (Josh Brolin), Domino (Zazie Beetz) and Russell (Kiwi Julian Dennison, who fortunately gets to keep his native accent) as well as a couple of famous cameos (you'll have to see it to find out who...), with Colossus (Stefan Kapicic), Vanessa (Morena Baccarin Weasel (TJ MIller) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) returning.Directed by David Leitch (credited as The Guy Who Killed the Dog in John Wick), DP 2 amps up the fight scenes and visual effects, which elevates it above the first flim, with plenty of violence and blood.Of course, it wouldn't be a Deadpool movie without numerous fourth-wall breaks, movie/comic/pop culture references (including a brilliant Michael Keaton-era Batman line) and swear words. There's so many references that you'll need to Google them to catch them all.Be sure to stay during the credits, with one excellent post-credits scene that allows Reynolds to gleefully poke brutal fun at himself.

Fully disappointed the movie is slow and humour is less when compared with first part

A long-awaited sequel that exceeded my expectations and that personally, was better than the first part. This film has a very good plot, comedy from the beginning to the end, many cameos, surprises and easter egg. The initial scene is brilliant, I love it. A wonderful cast, Ryan Reynolds shines like Deadpool and proves once again that he is the only one who can make this character; Josh Brolin as incredible Cable, a great villain and Zazie Beetz as Domino, a great surprise, excellent character. Love the action scenes, the soundtrack very good and (although they were not great) very good special effects. The post-credit scene, without doubt the best and a great surprise. This movie has bright, incredible, funny and sad moments. I love it and it's the best superhero movie of the year.

This movie was all about deadpool. No other character was given a chance. the x force team was not given any chance. Tried to make it way too emotional. his entire team died he didnt even flinch and was so worried for that kid. Way too many forced jokes. too many scenes for DP and his girlfriend in his psyche. also the action sequence was not as good as the previous one !

I don't remember laughing so hard at a movie. I enjoyed the first Deadpool, sure, but I didn't love it. Deadpool 2 is everything I wanted in the first film and more. The narrative never completely ventures into serious territory, but the more compelling parts were pretty moving, despite the fact that there were gags around every corner. They never miss a beat; basically denying you of any room to breathe when you're laughing. The jokes are hysterical, the directions the movie go in are off the wall, the action sequences are incredible as well! It's not here to impress you, but somehow you're still impressed. Recommended.

Bar none. The first one was awesome. Number 2 - it'll take a few more viewings to decide if it's better than the first, but who cares, it's awesome and it will make you laugh provided you have a sense of humour. If not - try every other super hero franchise, they're all pretty much the same!

I'm a longtime Deadpool fan. Since New Mutants #98 actually. I loved this movie. I see a lot of hate coming from the "more Conservative" in here and don't listen to whiney cry babies mad because Deadpool makes fun of Fox News and Jared Kushner. They gotta be mad about something all of the time. The movie was excellent. If you are a Deadpool fan then you will love it.I actually laughed out loud literally when I saw one of these cry babies talking about Deadpool talking "gay" and that it was just too vulgar. Uhhhhhhhh. Deadpool is Pan-Sexual , moron. If you knew anything about the character you would know about that. Instead you look like an idiot homophobe complaining about vulgarity. 
Baby Legs and Peter. Those two alone made this worth the money. See it.

Deadpool 2 is fantastically done in that it retained the style from Deadpool 1 but yet not redundant. No one wants to see the exact same thing they've already watched. It's a different story line and doesn't rely on the first Deadpool to make it meaningful. Yes it has a more serious tone overall but still packs a lot of humor that is more mature and less silly than the first. The action scenes were great, and I don't see the CGI issue that some had mentioned. I don't agree with someone rating the CGI being in the same league as Justice League. Justice League was just awful and lazy, no good fight action just straight CGI. Deadpool 2 is not that. In conclusion, I don't like Deadpool 1 over 2 or vice versa, I think they are both great in their own way. And I appreciate that they have independent storylines and have different takes on the adventure that is Deadpool.

Deadpool 2 is the hugely anticipated sequel to the amazing first movie from 2016, and once again stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character. In this film, Deadpool isn't seeking revenge, this time he must protect a kid from a mutant from the future named Cable, who was sent from the future to kill him. I know what you're saying, that is the plot of Terminator 2! Well, this movie is aware of it so you can let that go! So most of you probably know that I ADORED the first movie, it was my favorite movie of 2016, it was hilarious, violent, profane, raunchy, and it was a breath of fresh air! I was highly anticipating this movie, and this movie did not disappoint at all! This movie is even more violent, even more profane, and even more hilarious than the first one, they did tone down the raunchiness quite a bit though. This movie has rapid fire humor, there were very few moments where I wasn't laughing! This movie has sex jokes, fourth wall breaking jokes (it's Deadpool, of course there is!), and jokes about the DC Universe and the MCU! This movie has a lot of everything to offer. Ryan Reynolds once again NAILED it as Deadpool, Josh Brolin as Cable was perfect! It did take a while to get to Cable but when he does show up, he adds so much to the movie and it was fantastic! Let's talk about the action! The action in this movie is beyond amazing, not only is it filmed to perfection and complete with fantastic stunts and terrific special effects, the violence is gory as hell! This movie is almost as bloody and gratuitous as Logan was, and it was so satisfying! There is a lot of action in this movie, so if you thought there wasn't quite enough action in the first one, don't you worry, Deadpool 2 fixes that for you! The special effects, while not Avengers: Infinity War quality, are very good! The soundtrack is great too! There is one song in the final act that is used for a joke and it works so god damn well! It was hilarious and I am happy they used it for this specific scene! Also, STAY FOR THE POST CREDITS SCENE!!! It is quite possibly the greatest post credit scene I have seen in any superhero movie yet! If I do have any issue with the movie whatsoever, it is that it doesn't feel as fresh or special as the first one felt. It really doesn't have any of the emotional depth the first movie had either, but for what this movie was going for, it really didn't require that, so I was able to let that slide. So in the end, Deadpool 2 is a fantastic sequel! It was action packed, hilarious and endlessly fun! I can't wait for Deadpool 3!Deadpool 2 is........AWESOMETACULAR

This movie is the best film I've seen all year! I just have to type this review down right now because it's my 29th birthday today and this was the perfect way to celebrate it! This movie actually opens with Deadpool's girlfriend being killed. He then tries to become a member of the X-Men. There's this hilarious joke where he complains about the other X-Men not appearing. That was actually my favorite joke of his from the original film. We then see all the other X-Men in the next room quickly closing the door to stay out of the movie! I remember loving the first movie, but thinking it was missing something. I just wish it had Deadpool reference Pinkie Pie. And guess what he does here?! He even winks at the audience probably referencing all the fan works the two of them appear in. I couldn't stop clapping in the theater! I think my only problem with the first movie was that there were some serious scenes that just weren't handled well and seemed out of place and this improves on that! There's even this great scene at the end where he goes to Heaven to meet his girlfriend. Be sure to stay until the end credits, which feature him killing himself from "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" and killing himself again (well, Ryan Reynolds) after getting the script to "Green Lantern". Cable is played by the same guy as Thanos from "Avengers: Infinity War" and he even does the same thing! He sets time back! It's a pure laugh riot from beginning to end with fantastic visuals, characters, and fight scenes. It's a film that must be watched to truly be appreciated. ****

I never thought there would ever be one Deadpool movie, let alone two. The first was a piece of utter brilliance made on a shoestring budget (comparatively) that blew up a lot of convention with its success.This gave way to the sequel we have before us. The ability was now given to do Deadpool without unnecessary budget constraints. Would the change of directors matter? Short answer, no. Long answer noooooooooooooooooooo. David Leitch steps in and earns his opening sequence credit mention (you'll see), and throws us a Deadpool that is another epic romp of hilarity and action.As before, the soundtrack is a great co-star to the movie, giving lift to the moments where Ryan Reynolds' DP is at his funniest or his deepest. And DP does have to find some depth within himself as he moves through the film in order to carry it forward.
Some observations:Every scene with Blind Al is brilliant. The interactions between her and Deadpool are hilarious, and there's a scene further on with the two of them that may leave you in need of a paper bag from all the hyperventilating you'll be doing on account of laughing so hard.Josh Brolin gets Cable down perfectly, and this guy does not get nearly enough credit for his skill as an actor. Not everyone could make Thanos likable and Cable awesome within the same month, but he has done it.Zazie Beetz is your show-stealer. She makes a great Domino, and her rapport with Reynolds is obvious.Peter! X-Force!
There's a lot of great stuff happening here, and this is the perfect Deadpool sequel. I laughed the entire time, and I can't wait to watch it again so I can really start quoting it.

After loving the first movie I went into this one with an open mind. From the opening credits to the end I was laughing. The writing was spectacular delivering hilarious cultural references even in the most tense of scenes. Because of the incredible success of the first one the budget has been strongly lifted for this movie bringing loads of action sequences. Fantastic movie from start to finish highly recommend

Better than the first. Ryan Reynolds is a star. I want more and more Deadpool. The best super hero movie of the year.

This was, in my opinion, better than the first! The jokes are spot on, the soundtrack was great, and the violence is crazy and over the top as expected! Josh Brolin was great as Cable, and Ryan Reynolds delivers another great performance as the Merc with the Mouth! X-Force does not go the way you think it will, but I'll say one thing... What they do with X-Force is freaking hilarious! Deadpool is very aware of other franchises in this film, and breaks the fourth wall quite often! If you are looking for a good laugh, a not so serious story, and crazy gory violence, then this is the film for you! It is definitely a must see for anyone who is a fan of the Deadpool comics or movie! Just keep in mind, it is rated R for a reason, so your 12 year olds may want to sit out for this one.

I had to give a ten here for two reasons. One -this movie is a great second telling of the Deadpool story: amazing performance by Ryan Reynolds who has obviously stamped his humour throughout. The plot is almost irrelevant here as the movie has its own "Deadpool genre" thing that starts in the first movie and just continues here. Crazy funnny violent and amazingly entertaining: Two- how do any of you 1-2 star reviewers out there rate this so low? Just for the production value alone you should be ashamed to trash what has obviously been a labour of love for the writers producers cast and crew. So the ten should really be a 8 but for the small minded haters

Some people may say that the writing was lazy, that the plot was not good enough, but from my personal perspective; I think that Deadpool 2 is a movie to enjoy and crack up. I really loved it, that's not only because I am a Marvel fan but also because I know how to appreciate the sense of humor (even though it can be at times a bit crude and mean). But all in all a nice movie, just enjoy it, period.

Deadpool 2 has an incredible mix of comedy and action, with non-stop laughter and suspense. It follows the marvel story through perfectly, and sets up the next generation of films, leaving plenty to think about.

The movie takes off where it left off in the first one, 2nd instalment is more balanced compared to the 1st one, you get what you have been promised. Full of sarcastic comments, digs, super fun, the second movie starts the audience will be sold and thoroughly entertained.

This sequel had my face hurting even hours after from just talking about it. I would've given this 10, if it was a tiny bit longer, but none the less deadpool knows how to make a movie all about himself, and make it fun entertaining and famil- it's not family friendly so you better expect the ride of you're life when you're watching this.Ryan Reynolds has redeemed his green lantern performance as deadpool

GREAT funny action u name it it's here grt movie Deadpool strikes again

Deadpool 2 follows deadpool's mission to protect a mutant boy Russell a.k.a Firefist (Julian Dennison) from the time travelling mercenary Cable (Josh Brolin).This movie does everything the original did but takes it up a notch. There's more comedy, more action and more characters than before. Ryan Reynolds is once again excellent as the merc with a mouth. Deadpool is not just about quips and meta jokes all the time but there are even some emotional moments that I really liked.I loved Cable in this film and Josh Brolin was a great choice for the role. Also just weeks ago Brolin amazed us with his performance as Thanos which is made fun of as we saw in the trailers. One big thing about Deadpool 2 was The X-Force. The trailers almost exclusively promoted the X-Force although after watching the movie I'm in a bit of a pickle. Without spoiling anything I think the direction that they took the X-Force was outrageous and hilarious but also a bit disappointing.Apart from Deadpool and Cable, other notable characters were Domino (Zazie Beetz), Firefist, Dopinder and this one character I can't spoil. Also Colossus gets a lot to do and his interactions with deadpool are some of the highlights of the film. I quite like Colossus but the previous X-Men films always kept him in the background which made me very happy when I saw the original deadpool and he is just as fantastic in deadpool 2. That leaves us with the rest of the cast including characters like negasonic teenage warhead (Brianna Hilderbrand), Blind Al(Leslie Uggams), Weasel etc. were entertaining but don't really get much to do. Veteran stuntman David Leitch who directed this films has previously worked on John Wick and Atomic Blonde, both films with some exceptional fight sequences. So it was obvious that Deadpool was gonna have great fight scenes and it does deliver but doesn't surpass Leitch's previous work. The music is pretty good and it really works well with the tone of the movie.
 
Lastly my one problem with the movie which doesn't really bother me that much but still worth mentioning is this one decision that cable makes at the end that I'm not going to spoil but those who have seen the film will probably know what I'm referring to. Deadpool 2 although at times may feel more of the same and has a few other minor problems is an extremely entertaining and hilarious film filled with cameos, easter eggs, references and a lot of graphic violence. I had a blast watching Deadpool 2 and I do like it better than the first one.

For anyone having doubts this is even better than the original in my opinion. They definitely put more effort in this movie with having a higher budget. I saw this in the Dolby Cinema and its just amazing go and see it you wont regret it.

Deadpool 2 continues with the escapades of Wade Wilson/Deadpool(Ryan Reynolds), after the events of Deadpool(2016). Deadpool has to protect a young mutant named Russell(Julian Dennison), from Cable(Josh Brolin) who is a mutant from the future. However, Deadpool can't do this alone & takes the help of his fellow mutants. Deadpool 2 is a mind-blowing film. Director David Leitch & writers Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick & Ryan Reynolds give us a film that is filled with hysterical one-liners, hilarious gags & the kind of raw, realistic action that made all of us fall in love with the first movie. Deadpool's appeal & what makes his character so unique, is his fourth wall breaking antics & constant references to other superhero franchises. The action set pieces are amazing. The visual effects are flawless. The extremely talented cast is the highlight of the film. Ryan Reynolds is spectacular as Wade Wilson/Deadpool. Reynolds' effortless portrayal of the foul mouthed anti-hero, makes it seem like he was born to play the 'Merc With a Mouth'. Josh Brolin is outstanding as Cable. Brolin has given us back-to-back memorable performances of two iconic Marvel Comics' characters, this one & Thanos from Avengers: Infinity War(2018). Morena Baccarin is awesome as Vanessa. Zazie Beetz is incredible as Domino. Brianna Hildebrand is great as Negasonic Teenage Warhead. T.J. Miller is superb as Weasel. Julian Dennison is brilliant as Russell. Karan Soni is excellent as Dopinder. Stefan Kapicic is impressive as Colossus. Leslie Uggams is unforgettable as Blind Al. Bill Skarsgard, Terry Crews, Rob Delaney, Lewis Tan, Jack Kesy, Eddie Marsan & Shioli Kutsuna are good as Zeitgeist, Bedlam, Peter, Shatterstar, Black Tom Cassidy, Headmaster & Yukio, respectively. Deadpool 2 is a must watch. Go & witness a completely wacky superhero movie!

Deadpool 2 is... FUN!!!! It's a fantastic story that sets up a brilliant "escort-kinda" movie that packs a lot of dazzling fun. Ryan Reynolds "god's perfect idiot" brings back the fun that started it off in Deadpool 2016 and he never fails to disappoint a whole audience.It's is fun, stylish, hilarious, and has an excel-looking cast that just stands out for Deadpool fans. It is just fantastically well-made, and it is completely filled with laughs that will leave you in hysterics when you leave your seat. Go and see "God's Perfect Idiot" in this perfectly-made action, adventure. "You'll be down on your luck," if you miss this movie.

It's finally here! The film all those creepy people at conventions who mistake cosplay for invasion of personal space will be quoting for years on end!To preface real quickly: I truly liked the first Deadpool film. While I never believed it was as big of a 'game-changer' as most people branded it, other than it being the first R-rated superhero smash hit, I thought it was an entertaining and simple film that deserved most of the adoration it got from its fans.This, though?...Wow, let's talk about this...Deadpool 2, as most sequels do, takes its predecessor and cranks everything to 11. The jokes are flying at the audience faster, the stakes are heightened, the action is heightened, likely triple the amount of characters, a plot that is somehow jumbled and bloated in comparison to the original's simple one......And in the end, what we get is actually an absolutely great time at the cinemas.Don't get me wrong, this film is flawed. Its CG work is still absolutely horrid and little was improved from the first film, its characters lack much depth beyond a kiddie pool, and the plot somehow manages to feel overstuffed compared to the first's minimal plot, as it feels as if it has two Second Acts and two Third Acts.But...gosh-darnit...this film is simply the most consistently hilarious comedy that has been released thus far this year.From the first minute of this film, as one would expect from a Deadpool sequel, the jokes are flying fast and furious toward you. In terms of how many of them land...to give you a fair ratio, if one joke falls flat, about nine of them land.This film is HILARIOUS, and while it never has anything too in-depth to commentate on regarding the superhero genre of film, which is coming dangerously close to the state of 'over-saturation', this deviation of the genre and take-nothing-serious approach is more fun than any DCEU film has managed to be, even when they try to be.Dialogue gags, sight gags, editing gags, even an incredible credits sequence that comes straight out of nowhere that managed to both leave me in hysterics and somehow top the first film's excellent opening sequence, this film brings an entire arsenal of jokes that work nine-out-of-ten times. A ratio like that, I think any mainstream comedy would kill for.The cinematography here is also surprisingly well-done in terms of action and choreography, which comes as no surprise to me considering the film was directed by one half of the creative team behind 'John Wick' (David Leitch), with cinematography by the man who did the INCREDIBLE camera work for the same film (Jonathan Sela). Whereas the first film looked muddy and ugly in its low-budget glory, this film trades that for action scenes and sequences that really do look FANTASTIC at times. When the scenes are allowed to be practical, and the ugly CG is traded-in for actual actors, these action sequences look great.So yes, this film is not perfect. It certainly has flaws in plot flow, its FX department, and still doesn't truly commentate on the superhero genre in any way, shape, or form.But with THAT said; this film is consistently hilarious, features great action, has an unending sense of fun that never ceases...and yes, has the best post-credits sequence ever.I've thought hard about it, but...I think this is an instance where the sequel surpassed the original. Go nuts, internet!

This movie was great. Every bit as funny as the first but with everything dialed up to 11.Brolin was great as Cable. Zazie as Domino was beautiful and just an awesome character. She stole the show as far as the supporting cast went IMO.They gave us a raunchy comedy that is very welcome in the current climate where everyone has to tiptoe around worried of offending someone. The action was better in this one, some pretty big scenes with a lot going on.Tons of Easter Eggs and references from Marvel, DC, the music industry, you name it.There's a few cameos that might surprise you.Stay until the credits are over, you won't regret it.I really hope we get a third installment with some of the new characters we saw in this one. This shouldn't be the last.8/10, yet another hit for Marvel (no surprise there). My theater was even more crowded than Infinity War opening night. I will say my biggest complaint is the lack of character development for Cable and Domino. It wasn't a big deal for me, but I definitely noticed.

If you loved the first, you'll love this. Another 2 hours of happy laughter and adventure! Screw a long ass review, just go see it!!! Be prepared to smile!

Deadpool 2 is tedious and a failure to brake the forth-wall.Late in the hodgepodge that is Deadpool 2, the superhero joke-machine confronts the muscular, time-traveling villain, Cable, who's trying to murder an adolescent mutant. Deadpool yells, "Hands off that kid, John Connor!" and part of the audience laughs and part of it stares dumbly, trying to process the movie's 674th pop-culture reference. But what's the joke, exactly? John Connor wasn't the time-traveling killer. He was the kid who the time-traveling Terminator was trying to kill - except (I think) in the last sequel, which no one even remembers, when he was trying to kill ... his own mother??? Himself??? It's not worth the time it takes to process. The basic joke, repeated ad infinitum, is that that Deadpool has seen the Terminator films, along with the Marvel and DC and Star Wars movies. He's like an especially obnoxious fanboy except you could punch a fanboy and he'd shut up. Deadpool takes a licking and keeps on sticking. We've reached superhero saturation point, and Deadpool 2 is less a satire of that condition than a symptom of it. It has zero suspense - it's too hip, too meta, for suspense. The action is brutally edited and mostly undistinguished - a surprise, given that the stuntman turned director, David Leitch, devised amazing, close-in, faux-single-shot fights in his last film, Atomic Blonde. But he's out of his element with such pro forma CGI, which not even Deadpool's CGI jokes can redeem. Although this is primarily a comedy (with gore), Leitch doesn't hang back and let the actors develop a rhythm, the way Taika Waititi did in the Hope-and-Crosby-like Thor: Ragnarok. He just whomps away. But dull-witted direction wouldn't matter if the script (credited to Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick, and Reynolds) were more consistent. In my (favorable) review of the first Deadpool, I estimated that 50 percent of jokes hit home, another 30 whizzed by inoffensively, and only 20 percent were real stinkers. In Deadpool 2, the percentages are reversed. A small number of the gags land, among them a riotously tasteless parachute assault by an ad hoc team of second-tier superheroes. And I can never get enough digs - however limp - at the idea that all superhero mothers are named Martha. But there are so many wincers for so ramshackle a plot. The thrust of Deadpool 2 is that Deadpool, having suffered a personal tragedy, kinda sorta wants to be an X-Man but keeps screwing up on account of how selfish he is - until he meets an extremely unappealing mutant kid, Russell, and finally thinks of someone other than himself. His chief antagonist appears to be Cable, whom Brolin plays more or less straight and somehow invests with dignity and pathos - making this an unprecedented twofer in the morose supervillain sweepstakes. Zazie Beetz shows great poise as a fun new character called Domino, whose superpower is luck, and wittier filmmakers would have concocted lots of Rube Goldberg disasters around her. (What's there is decent enough to make you see what might have been.) But there's nothing much to be done with the Boris Badenov special effect known as Colossus, whose face is dully frozen. To offset the happy fact that there's a gay superhero, the writers bring back the babbling Indian cab driver, Dopinder, who in light of the recent Hank Azaria Apu hoo-hah goes over about as well as Jar Jar Binks. Deadpool makes a crack elsewhere about "cultural appropriation," but he's silent on the dopey Dopinder stereotype. I suppose you could make a case for Deadpool 2 the way people do for Joe Dante's ramshackle sequel Gremlins 2: The New Batch - a spirited goof on Gremlins - and, further back, Warner cartoon alum Frank Tashlin's antic Son of Paleface, in which Bob Hope shared the screen with Roy Rogers and Trigger. A superhero movie with the looseness of a Mad magazine parody remains a viable idea, as demonstrated by the underrated Mystery Men and, of course, Deadpool. But a film that spits one-liners as mechanically as a tennis-ball launcher is even more tediously predictable than one with no sense of humor at all. Incidentally, Deadpool, a 20th Century Fox release, opens with Reynolds exhaling a cloud of cigarette smoke into the camera, probably meant to tweak his superhero cousins at Disney, which doesn't permit smoking in its movies. Disney, of course, is on the brink of acquiring Fox's entertainment division, which will make it even more of a franchise-oriented juggernaut than it already is. Although that's an alarming prospect, I'm all for purging cigarettes from movies and TV, which statistics show have an undue influence in getting kids to start smoking. If the filmmakers were as self-reflexive as they pretend to be, they'd find a way to show that Deadpool's insides are becoming as charred as his face. In any case, he should enjoy his cigarettes while he can.

YES !! BELIEVE THE HYPE. 
It was Legen...Ryan, David and the whole team outdid themselves. 
You know how prequels / sequels are usually predictable, boring, redondant and worse than the original ? Well, this is NOT one of those times. ... wait for it...It's so good you sometimes feel that you're watching Deadpool WITH Ryan Reynolds (not how Blake would be actually watching with him, but still)... Dary ! It sure did take many buses of incredibly talented individuals to make it happen. Not one bus, many.It was legendary ! The question remains : Is it Ryan Reynolds playing Deadpool ? or IS Deadppool playing Ryan ?

Wisecracking, fourth wall breaking and foul-mouthed mutant merc with the mouth Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds), returns. Bringing together a team of fellow mutants, he goes toe-to-toe with time travelling mutant, Cable (Josh Brolin). Deadpool attempting to stop Cable from assassinating a young boy with superpowers, which Deadpool has taken a liking to.By far one of the most notable things about Deadpool is that Ryan Reynolds clearly adores this character and I have to agree with the merc himself - he was born to play this role. It is that love for the character that absolutely seeps through the blank expressioned mask that makes Reynolds' performance both in and out of costume as pure as it could ever be. Reynolds is able to bring the larger than life character to the screen with ease, grounded in an absurdist parody of superheroes which unfortunately highlights that this time around the merc's mouth has got a muzzle on.While there is still plenty of crazy comedy, sequences that do nothing but make you laugh with joy and touching moments to add some depth to the character. Deadpool 2 feels as though it has been reigned in after his first outing. The lines not quite as foul, the comedy not quite as appropriately deranged, the subversion of expectations severely lacking, the parody of the superhero genre somewhat missing and the timing not quite as razor-sharp. Shamefully Deadpool retreats from its subversive nature and instead bases the plot around an emotional core and expecting laughs from its name-drop references. While the emotional backdrop does a lot for making Deadpool more relatable and more grounded, I cannot help but feel this is the opposite of what Deadpool should be. Wade Wilson should be ridiculous but Leitch has turned Deadpool 2 into a generic superhero movie with some splashes of foul-mouthed humour that we expect from this character.However, Leitch has successfully made Deadpool 2 - bigger. This time around the narrative scope and character arcs are certainly more juicy with more to digest and sink your teeth into. Leitch also successfully manages to add more dynamics to the Deadpool world, tieing it into a larger cinematic landscape without it feeling too forced (Although I fully expect the churning out of an X-Force franchise). It's in Deadpool 2's second half that this bigger scope culminates. Then it really takes off into what we came to see, the generic narrative is put aside in favour of subverting expectations with absurdist comedy and exciting us with large action set pieces that (with some crude CGI aside) rival the first film easily. Sadly its climax is clearly trying too hard and you're left wondering when the quip will come but Deadpool takes this moment far too seriously for a character that shouldn't allow it. It is rectified with one of the most side-splitting end credits scenes I have witnessed but all it did was give me the question "Why wasn't the whole film like this?"

Awesome movie better than the first one!
We canandians really like to make fun of ourselves hahaha!
Good job Ryan.

This movie has heart and pain and anger and redemption and it's funny as hell! It really made me think about all these kids shooting up these schools because of all the pain their carrying! And how one person could save them if someone just cared enough! I walked out of the theater and there was just 10 students shot in a Texas high school and it's weird to get hope from a DeadPool movie but that's what it gave me! I loved this film it's deeper and smarter then they want you to think it is! And that Celine dion song kicks ass! See this film!

Thanks to this film, I've finally created my first account on IMDB to offer my critique of Deadpool 2. Not much I really want to offer in the way of constructive criticism other than the soundtrack made me want to put on earmuffs and scream underwater. The storyline and off kilter comedy took a uniquely bad combination of prescription drugs to understand and enjoy. How this got so many good reviews absolutely frightens me.

I am a huge marvel fan and movie fan in general let's put it this way. I was expecting more. I didn't see the film at the cinemas i waited to see the Home release since there where also quite a few movies which i prioritised over DP2 at the Cinemas, i waited and waited my anticipation was getting higher and higher... i finally watched the movie and it was just ... fine. Nothing special unlike the first, the sequel felt rushed and lack luster, i enjoyed the cast and some of the jokes but no where near as much as the 2016 Comic Adaptation.

It is hard to give a comment about this movie without using any F word (Fantastic, Fine, Funny, Fabulous, ..) or an S one (Smart, Super, Sarcastic, Seriously Entertaining, ...). It kept me attached to the screen literally from minute 0 till the end of the final title. I will watch it again at least 2 more times. Recommended, but not for not grownups. It is a movie that makes one thinks a lot about all kinds of Special High Intensity Training, aka.. um.. well.. Anyways, you will type similar things immediately after watching it. I loved it!

What was novel and quirky in the original is obnoxious and excessive in this sequel. The story line could have been this movie's saving grace...but sadly, even this is buried in the putrid sophomoric humor that smothers everything good that this sequel could have been.

Like the 2016 original of the same name, 20th Century Pictures' 'Deadpool 2' is also, an R-Rated pop-culture spitting, raunchy fourth-wall breaking, violent comic book movie that is clearly targeted specifically at older audiences. Expect tons of extremely graphic violence, harsh-language, heavy drug-use and sexual nudity to go around. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, and directed by Davie Leitch, the film tells the story of Wade Wilson AKA Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds), trying to cope after the loss of a love one, by protecting a teen mutant, Russell Collins/Firefist (Julian Dennison), from a time-traveling cybernetic soldier, named Cable (Josh Brolin), whom sworn to eradicate him, before the boy can kill his family in the future. Without spoiling the sequel, too much, if this story sounds like familiar. Then, you're right. The three screenwriters: Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick and Ryan Reynolds basically borrowing most of 'Deadpool 2' story elements from far more superior rival action films like 1991's 'Terminator 2' & 2012's "Looper'. However, they didn't use all the familiar clichés & tropes, correctly; leaving many mistakes, plot-holes & misdirection. Things like the 'Rule of Empathy' moral message felt like confusing regurgitation half-digested rehash. The movie could had work it better, if the writers took the concept more solemn. You know, show more of the emotional negative burden & pain, Wilson has to go through, when killing people, in order to show Russell that life as a contract killer isn't worth it, rather than showing Wade's selfish doing it to get some tail from his girlfriend, Vanessa Carlysle (Morena Baccarin). That might work. Even better, make Russell seem like he had some likeable innocent that could be lose. For the most part, Dennison's character was highly annoying and nasty. Nothing really worth redeemable. Since the movie didn't do that, the moral ground seem a bit muddle. So, it hurts the overall, emotional sentiment redemptive message about family & sacrifice, very much. For that reason, I found the movie's story to be jarring. After all, the movie makes killing look like a lot of fun & rewarding for the most part. There is even, another scene play off for laughs, where a minor supporting character from the first film, craves for a kill, like a sick psychopath. It's a bit disturbing to see this movie champion his wish; seeing how many vehicle mass-murders, happen in recent years. The moral message in the film seem a bit hypocritical. Another thing that hurts this film is not so serious climax. The mid-credit scenes including the ending felt like a cheesy cop out; a cheap happy go-lucky end that ruin the strong savage, inhumane nihilism ending, it should had. And above else, it doesn't make any sense; as why could Cable turn baby face and use his time machine to save Wade in the first place? It goes against everything that Wade wanted to do, in order to meet up with his wife. Wouldn't Cable rather use that time to revisit his family, instead? It's seem a bit off & odd. However, it could had been much worse, if Leitch kept the Hitler baby-killing post-credit scene. That was indeed too squeamish. Anyways, the ending for this film, didn't have the strength that previous 20th Century comic book movies, like 2014's 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' & 2017's "Logan', had. It was highly disappointing. Also, those films, told the fatherhood & destiny concept way better than this film could ever do, as well. Honestly if you cut it away, all the fan service & jokes, the movie's plot is pretty damn simpleton & generic, rather than unique & original. This movie could had been a little more complex than surface deep. Sadly, the writers couldn't go to the next level. No wonder, why Deadpool in universe, lampshade the story elements as lazy. Despite that, the comedy side of the script bulges with rapid-fire one-liners and pop culture references to just about everything kinda works for the most part, regardless if it feels a bit forced. It's mostly hilarious. Jokes like the unfortunate demise of X-Force were funny. However, some of them, like the shot of Deadpool's vestigial regenerating penis is highly cringe-worthy. It's borderline child pornography. Others jokes like might feel dated, as the years goes on, such as the jabs to other present day comic book movies. Regardless, Reynolds as Deadpool dominates every scene, steamrollering everyone around him. Even returning supporting performers are all firmly pushed to the sidelines. Some of them like T.J Miller get little screen time. Thank goodness, because he is not funny. Plus, the sexual misconduct allegations against him, makes me, hate him, ever more. Glad, he wasn't in the film, much. Nevertheless, it's the new characters that really get to shine. Brolin gave a cold grizzled mysterious presence as Cable, which help the film a bit, since the writers didn't give enough space to establish much of his character's background. Zazie Beetz is also good. She was made Domino, into an interesting character with her demeanor, during her limited presence. Even the surprise cameos were fun to see. I enjoyed every last of them, including the Vanisher cameo & the gigantic CGI villain character voiced by Ryan Reynolds. Another thing that work, was the visual effects. It was improved since the last movie. While, the movie is less gory and crass; the quality of action is also a lot better. It was amazing throughout the film, with the train scene being a highlight. It was particularly witty and well-executed. The music by singer, Celion Dion was also great. "Ashes' was a beautiful song. Overall: I have to say 'Deadpool 2' was a watchable superhero movie. It's a lot better than the first film, big time. So check it out with maximum effect.

Let me say off the bat that I'm really happy with Marvel's decision to take a chance on the first Deadpool movie based on the strength of the demo Reynolds made. As we all know, it paid out handsomely. And for good reason! It was fun, funny, and had... a story. I wont say it was great, but without Morena Baccarin, it wouldnt have been what it was. Deadpool 2 was good. I liked it. The cameos were awesome and unexpected, Josh Brolin and the woman who played Domino were great, and the action scenes were decent. Morena Baccarin was good again. My complaint is with all the 4th wall breaking and the avalanche of pop culture, MCU, DC, and other relevant jokes. It takes away from the story. Yeah, I know it sounds funny. Like anyone went to see Deadpool 2 for the story. But when you have a storyline that requires a bit of acting and emotion, it's hard to buy into it when it's preceded and followed by "thanos fart dildo Wolverine buttplug lol" jokes like, for 20 minutes at a time.Again, I did like it, and I did think there were plenty of funny moments, but it'd be neat if Reynolds could find a way to stop sucking himself off so much in the next one. I'm sure there are plenty of others would do it for him. Not that I'm volunteering.

"Deadpool" was a fun superhero comedy that was fresh and original. "Deadpool 2" is pretty much the same movie just without the freshness and originality. Despite this, it's a funny sequel that fans of the first film with enjoy. In the age of "Black Panther," "Avengers" and a thousand different Spiderman movies, it's nice to have a raunchy, bloody comedic anti-hero put the other boring, stagnant superheroes in their place. I was hoping for a less obnoxious plot and maybe some more time from just Deadpool and not the overreacted supporting charters, but this is an enjoyable sequel that should hopefully end this franchise for good.

As a movie AND a sequel this one blew me out of the water. All the same things we love about that lovable asshole, Deadpool are present in DP 2. Ryan Reynolds played a hand at writing DP 2 and it shows. His razor sharp sarcastic sense of humor translate extremely well to the big screen. The movie manages to defy stereotypes while also making fun of them in a way that you cant help but to laugh. The problems with sequels is often the second movie is almost an exact duplicate of the first. The brilliance behind DP2 is they are able to build on the groundwork laid from the first movie while still providing a new and fresh film as well. Ryan Reynolds makes a lot of jokes not only at his expense but also in reference to the DC universe and other pop culture. Combined with all the bad ass action, the nonstop laughter and the newcomers who pull you in the moment they step foot on screen, this movie is a home run must see. 
The only reason I give this a 9/10 is because you have to be (vaguely) familiar with the Marvel Universe and pop culture references in order to understand some of the jokes. While I understood them, I know my parents, who would love this movie, the jokes would sail right over their heads which means they would spend the entire movie asking me questions which is why I don't watch movies with them anymore. But that's just me. If you and/or the person you go with are even a little bit familiar with Marvel, Ryan Reynolds and Henry Cavil's mustache, you will love it as much as I did. 
Do yourself a favor and get to a movie theater, you won't be sorry.

Deadpool 2 (2018, David Leitch)After the success of the first Deadpool after Fox gambled on an R rated super hero film with a lower budget in the X-universe, they have come back with another hard R rated chapter with only a slightly bigger budget. We see some old faces and some new characters with even some surprises. The film is well made and has amazing action and combat sequences that put the last couple of films in the MCU to shame.. take note Disney/Marvel... this is how you shoot combat. The film is also hilarious, for the most part matching the laugh hit-rate and almost the unexpected heart that the first film had. It is however a bloodier affair and that works well in this setting.I was worried that the change of director might negatively impact the film but it was a smooth transition to the new blood and this is most certainly the best superhero film of the year thus far and will be hard to beat.9/10
