
Saw this the other night at the NYFF. Wow. It's an incredible film, a true cinematic achievement, possibly a classic and maybe will be the first 3D movie to break through and win the Best Picture Oscar. Some of the images were so beautiful that the audience gasped at many of them. I felt transported and like I was seeing a movie for the very first time. I haven't felt that sort of magic in a movie theater in a long, long time.I read the book and liked it and the film may even improve upon it which is kind of a miracle considering it's kids, animals and water just about all the time. The spiritual themes are simple and deep and raise more questions about faith and belief than answer anything. No preaching going on here and there could be. Without giving anything away, it's a wonderful story about storytelling and how telling our stories can get us through the most horrible life experiences and to help deal with the aftermath of them.It's an incredible film experience. Go see it!

''I had to tame him,'' (Pi) realizes. ''It was not a question of him or me, but of him and me. We were, literally and figuratively, in the same boat." From Life of Pi by Yann Martel.You will see no more imaginative film this year than Life of Pi, whose conceit of a young Indian boy stranded with a Bengal Tiger in a lifeboat amid the Pacific Ocean is fantastical yet real in its metaphoric implications. While the framing device of a story told to a stranger uses the old flashback, the lonely lifeboat is as new as any story told in the last century.The film begs interpretation from the multiplicity of religions to the place of mankind in a hostile, Darwinian world. Ultimately the benign brotherhood of beasts and humans is affirmed not so much by lofty philosophy but by the necessity of man and beast working together to survive.The digital rendering of animals, especially the Bengal Tiger, is beautiful to behold. The opening scene in Pi's family zoo could be right out of Terence Malick's visionary camera, a montage of nature gorgeous in its simplicity. The several formalistic shots of the boat at night are worthy of the best lighting in the best aquariums in the world. Together with the impressive use of 3D, director Ang Lee has visually taken us from the opulence of Crouching Tiger and the minimalism of Brokeback Mountain into a fusion world of fancy and reality. The images are stunning.In the end, Lee is interested in the individual's place in the universe as he struggles to harness nature and yet live in harmony with these elements. The conflict with the gross cook aboard the Japanese cargo ship taking Pi's family and animals to Canada is emblematic of the challenges facing the gifted with the groundlings. Pi's relationship with tiger "Richard Parker" represents all mankind's struggle to live in harmony with the forces it cannot control."Believing in everything is the same as believing in nothing," says Pi's father because Pi samples religions from Hinduism and Buddhism to Catholicism and Judaism and wants them all. Although it is not given to us to have them all, Pi's piety practically makes us believers in the universal brotherhood.The Life of Pi is everyone's life; the film is one of the best of the year and, even remembering the greatness of The Old Man and the Sea, Moby Dick, and Billy Budd, the best you will ever see about a boy, a tiger, and a boat.

I was lucky enough to see Pi in full 3D Imax at a pre-viewing in San Diego last night, and as a huge fan of the book, I was intensely satisfied.Believe it or not, I was more impressed with the the casting choices and performances of the players than by the effects. Granted, the movie was very beautiful, but in the end, Life Of Pi was more character driven than anything. Suraj Sharma as the young Pi was charming, funny, and incredibly engaging, while Irrfan Khan as the older Pi was fantastically genuine and warm. Adil Hussain as Pi's father was also a joy to watch. The characters are so rich and full of life that you really can't help but fall in love with them. I would also like to add, as someone who spends time with tigers on a daily basis, the animators did a wonderful and accurate job of bringing Richard Parker to life and making him the active and vital character that is so incredibly essential to the success of this story. I would recommend seeing Pi in 3D, but I don't think that's it's essential to your viewing enjoyment. The 3D just takes a beautiful film and makes it a little bit nicer. Also, if you've read the book and are concerned that the story you loved may have been compromised in anyway, worry no longer. This is easily, one of the best book to film adaptations I have ever seen.Happy viewing folks. I hope you enjoy this film as much as I did. I'll be seeing it again in theaters very soon.

The movie narrates an incredible story using the most beautiful special effects and great actors.It is more that a survival story and it is not about friendship. This story is about faith. Director Ang Lee use all the tools he have to make this movie about a solitary young man not a boring one. It is narrated by both, young Pi and the Adult Pi, it uses music all the time so there is not space for uncomfortable silents and the rhythm of the scenes is fast. The result a very entertained film.The most important thing of this film is it character. It is obvious because we are seeing for almost 2 hours just one character. So it is not only important to have a great character that appeals to the audience feelings, but to have an actor that portray this person the right way. Suraj Sharma was brilliant as Pi. He can make happy scenes as equal as sad, desperate, hopelessness, exhaustion and anger ones. Very few movies allow an actor represent so many emotions.But if Pi is a good character, Richard Parker can only be describe as unique. The tiger as personality of it's own. Not many films can make an animal with so many human features and yet never stop being a wild animal. This tiger is computed animated but the audience will barely notice, because the way it walks, eats, its factions, the eyes. It doesn't matter if it is computer animation, Richard Parker is alive and is his own character just as important as Pi is.If you think that "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" have good animal effects, you have to see how this people make a zebra, a hyena and a orangutan. All this, combine with a photography created by the same guy that make "Tron: Legacy" looks so cool and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" so beautiful, Claudio Miranda, makes it an incredible experience to see.This movie is definitely an Oscar runner for Special Effects, Cinematography, Director and Movie of the year.

With his latest movie, "Life of Pi", Ang Lee further establishes himself as one of the greatest contemporary movie directors. Starting from his Taiwanese beginnings, and his highly enjoyable, family-harmonizing "Father Knows Best" trilogy (1992-1994), through his Academy Award winning works on gracefully choreographed, highly spiritualized Far East martial arts tour de force "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" (2000, best foreign-language film) and on an uncommon yet nostalgic portrayal of the Old West in "Brokeback Mountain" (2005, best director), to his other titles like "Sense and Sensibility" (1995), "The Ice Storm" (1997), and "Lust, Caution" (2007), quality and Kubrick-like versatility shown in his movies offer continuous attraction for wide audience of his admirers.Lee's latest and, so far, easily, greatest movie, "Life of Pi" is based on a screenplay adapted from the acclaimed fictional adventure novel written by Canadian author Yann Martel.Throughout his childhood, due to matching pronunciation of French word "piscine" (pool, swimming pool) and English word "pissing", Piscine Molitor Patel, named that way after later abandoned Parisian swimming pool, so predictably suffers from being nicknamed "Pissing Patel". In order to avoid it, once in high school he finally shortens his name to Pi Patel... Nowadays middle-aged Pi tells the story of his life to a visiting writer, apparently a book author Yan Martel's alter ego, who is seeking for the literal inspiration. Retrospectively, Pi divides his childhood and adolescence into three segments. In the first segment he gives shorter account of his life until the age of 16, describing his interaction with his family and schoolmates, in particular his relationship with his father and a girlfriend, concentrating on his exploits of God and spirituality, meandering between multitude of religious practices while in the last one he briefs about his testimonial given to officials from the Japanese Ministry of Transport, investigating the reasons why the ship his family was relocating on from India to Canada sank. Most detailed, and therefore the longest, is recollection of his 227 days in a lifeboat, an extraordinary ordeal he went through after the ship has capsized and everybody else, crew and passengers, died Well, everybody human, but not everybody living. Namely, a number of terrestrial animals from their discontinued family zoo, offered for sale and brought along with other family belongings, have survived, too. But, not for long, because, while confined in the most limited space as they were, surrounded by vastness of the ocean, the law of the "survival of the fittest" prevails, takes its tall, and pretty soon Pi finds himself in a company of a single one topping the food-chain, a Bengal tiger curiously named Richard Parker. Not to reveal the story further, it is with greatest pleasure to inform that cinematic excellence has been achieved in several categories: in an engaging tale—whether allegory or depiction of realistic, believable events, filled with protagonist's rarely matched curiosity, imagination and his often reasonably unanswered doubts, encouraging the same in viewers—of an uncommon character, indeed, brought to on-screen life by outstanding performances from two contributing leads, remarkably presented via ubiquitous, yet inconspicuous animation, exceptional, CGI aided visuals and superb usage of 3D photography, all along complemented with an uplifting score. All these assets work seamlessly together in unfolding an intense relationship between Pi and Richard Parker, complex yet basic, difficult yet simple, initially charged with Pi's dreadful fear, swiftly shifting to respectful care, instantly boosting his never overbearing confidence and relentlessly improving his survival skills. Wholesome artistic experience reaches and maintains its pinnacle particularly in clever tactics and constructive survival techniques 16-year old Pi uses—amply benefiting from his instructive lifestyle of a zoo owner's attentive son, certainly well acquainted with animal psychology—to suppress the fear and convincingly impose himself as an equal to the one of the most elaborate "killing machines" among mammals, desperately striving for his own survival, nevertheless, generously, for survival of his seemingly sufficiently tamed companion, but still, initially and ultimately, magnificent adversary, Richard Parker, as well."Life of Pi" is, certainly, one of the most impressive movies of 2012, year that has just come to a close.

Few movies will leave a lasting impression on you..Life of Pi is one of those. Not even a single moment is dull, in fact the story is woven so tightly that you never realize that the script is so simple. It is beautifully directed and kudos to Ang Lee, not only was he able to capture the beauty of India, he was also able to get the best of the actors. Though it does not rank too high on 3D, its just visually mesmerizing. My trust and faith in Ang Lee has gone up to the highest level after watching this movie..Luckily I was able to catch the premiere show and will continue to relish the after effects of the movie for the next few days!

Ang lee's life of pi is an adaptation of a 'Man booker prize winner' novel by the same name, written by Yann Martel. It's a story set in the late seventies of an Indian teenager (Pi Patel) who is stranded on a life boat in the pacific. What distinguishes this tale of survival from the rest is that the author dishes out a delicious slice of creativity in giving the castaway, a tiger for a companion. Yes, like the posters and trailers have you believe, there is a boat on which a man and a tiger have to live! This makes 'life of pi' not only a story of human struggle against nature but also a profound tale that questions 'what separates man from beast?'. More interestingly, 'when does man become a beast'? But worry not, Ang Lee's movie does not force you think on these lines , instead it's a film that lets you enjoy it on so many levels. If you are just looking for a beautiful 3D movie to feast your eyes , Life of pi can be it. If you are in a mood for a thrilling adventure epic on weekend, this is the right ticket. If indeed, you want to experience something thoughtful, Life of pi never forces you on a particular thought, instead it whispers ever so slightly to think about matters of human disposition and finding comfort in convention while caressing your senses with fabulous visuals and background score. Suraj Sharma debuts as pi with utter sincerity while Irfan Khan(as adult pi) and Tabu(as mother) do justice to their parts. The rest of the supporting cast blend in perfectly too. Ang lee helms the film with difficult source material with absolute grace and expertise. However there are two true heroes that make Life of Pi work. Firstly the studio and creative director behind the magnificent CGI. The Bengal tiger is perhaps the best animated animal ever created! The angry green eyes, richly textured orange –white striped skin and every hair on its fur look rich and full of life in 3D.And then when your hear the thunderous roar for the first time, you will realize this is as real as it can get! The rest of the animals (a Zebra, an orangutan) look great too. The lovely blue ocean and its resident creatures are the jewel in the crown. The other hero is the writer David Magee(screenplay) who adapts the novel with near perfection. One gripe the fans of the novel might have is the lack of all the gore descriptions and a particular chapter that deals with the surviving 'French cook'. The addition of these might have pleased the audience who sought for the philosophical undertones from the story but the film would have lost out on the large PG-13 crowd (a fair deal considering the enormous budget). Life of Pi, is a rare masterpiece that stands as a prototype not only for a perfect book adaptation and a 3D movie( sorry avatar, you have just been replaced), but also for a movie based on intricacies of human nature . Now that is simply an impressive triumph of film-making!

Just finished watching the Midnight Premiere. Did not disappoint one bit. The Acting is incredibly believable, and the ending ties it all together. The story sorta drags in the beginning, but Ang Lee did a good job keeping my attention to the film. The Animation is incredibly realistic. I couldn't tell the difference between what was real and what wasn't. Not one moment did I doze off. Definitely worth 127 minutes of your life. Ang Lee, you did an outstanding job. To the Cast, you all did excellent. I am very satisfied! Although there were a lot of pros, there were some cons. At one point the Format of the Film switched from 16:9 to 4:3, but that might have been the projector at the Cinemark I attended. I also noticed some of the animations of animals started to go off screen and you could see the animated objects in the black area of the Wide Screen part (I'm assuming that was for the 3D, but I watched it in 2D so it looked sketchy). But it's minor. An average viewer won't even notice it, I'm an aspiring filmmaker, and I notice the little things!! I enjoyed the film, and you will too. 9/10. Worth it.

According to mythology the journey of life is splayed with different forms of hurdles, the path to salvation lies in standing tall against such hurdles even if the Gods are callous to your understanding. By maintaining hope we try to live up to their expectation, knowing that God will guide us if we keep fighting on our endeavor for greater good. That's pretty much the whole and soul of the movie. Opened first time in India at IFFI 2012 Goa, I was in the mix of lucky few who got to watch the repeat show of this 3D movie adapted from Yann Martel's book of same title.Piscine Molitor(Pi) Patel as he was named after a swimming pool by his dear uncle apparent by his ardent love for the same. Piscine is born Hindu in Pondicherry India, but as he levels a understanding he begins to peek into other religion and sooner he starts endorsing Christianity and Islam also. His father, a zoo owner pounces upon a chance of relocating the zoo to Canada. On their way to far west with animals on a Japanese ship, tragedy struck on a murderous stormy night capsizing the ship with Pi and a Royal Bengal Tiger left to see the remains. And so the adventures journey of innocent young boy with life threatening feline animal begins.There was the thunderous applause from the audiences when the tiger gives his first appearance in the safety boat. Spending months to produce the Tiger didn't go waste too, he looked inch perfect and the way he has been handled in the movie is exquisite. The first few scenes are reminiscent of old India with bullock carts, later the landscape changes and so do the people. The characters of hot blooded modern day father, the supporting mother and the story involving the tender love between the protagonist and the girl are delightful however short they may be. The innocence of young Pi through his school years and his introduction to motley of faiths sets up the foundation to his uncanny characterization. But the real fun starts when they are both lost at sea and Pi tries assortment of ideas to keep him as well as the Tiger alive. The movie is never complete without the mention of adequately yet delicately used VFX. It would really be a shame to put into words those magnificently shot sequences and the scale on which the art work is done. This movie epitomizes the correct com-mixture of story with special effects. I could gather so many 'wows' while I was myself devouring on the same scenes. The humor is well prevalent and does lighten up the few still scenes between the two.Suraj Sharma plays the most significant role in the movie with all his efforts and he wins it in the end. The guy is awesome handling some tough intense scenes in the movie. Irfan Khan playing the narrator as well as the older Pi shows his maturity in the business, patient with the small parts he never misses his character and his narration and dialog's delivery is to die for. Adil Hussain as Pi's father is superb with his character and does contribute a hell lot. Other actors contribute evenly including the computer generated zoo animals. Real salute to the art directors of the movie for putting up such beautiful pictures on screen. Ang Lee is as always incomparable with his cinema, he has definitely reached shore with this movie and a more versatile director in my book.The older promises the character he is narrating that he will prove him that God exists, well did he or not? For that you have to wait for that amazing climax scene. This is art, storytelling and VFX at his best in a single movie. Who would want to miss that??

Life of Pi is a triumph visually - one of the most magical experiences I've ever had at the movies. Even more importantly, it's a triumph of a story.I'm a dyed-in-the-wool atheist. When I heard the words "I was told you have a story that would make me believe in God", I was suitably skeptical.The movie did not succeed in getting me to believe in God. However, the pivotal but ever-so-subtle dialog near the end really cemented why so many people the world over choose the target of their faith.Piscene asks "Which story do you prefer?" Not "which story do you believe?" or "Which story do you think is true?", just "Which story do you prefer?" I've seen other reviews of this move that refer to the "twist" ending. There is no twist here, just an incredibly well-presented allegory. There's also many reviews talking about the triumph of endurance and human spirit. Those indeed are present in the story, but not so important as the central point - the crux of the matter."Which story do you prefer?" The answer of course is a perfect allegory of religion. The fundamental stories are similar no matter which characters are in the pivotal roles."Which story do you prefer?" As Pi answers, "And so it is with God." A faith-shaking thought indeed.Depending on how you see the world and religion's place in it, the question may affirm or cause questions of your own faith. Is your religion's story true? Or just preferred? And more importantly, does it matter? What this movie drove home for me was that religions all have the same benefits and by extension, they all have the same flaws.Which story do you prefer? To Ang Lee, Yann Martel, David Magee and all involved in bringing this story to the screen, thank you! It is so refreshing to be viscerally, philosophically and intellectually entertained all at the same time.

Ang Lee takes Yann Martel's much acclaimed novel and turns it into a collage full of masterful imagery and dream-like visuals, which remains at the core a profoundly simple tale of spirituality, in a manner which might leave you either with a wry smile and shake of head at what you just experienced or with a euphoric feeling equivalent to the one you get after seeing a magic trick. The thing with this magic however, is that it won't leave you for quite a long while and it might even make you question your most core beliefs. Or the lack of them.I don't believe in God but I do believe in the power of stories, imagery, art in it's most simple yet beautiful form and most of all in the power of words. I believe in the power of cinema, the moving images that can move you in more ways than you can imagine. That can transport you into another space and time, into a World full of possibilities. Of everything. Of nothing.And come to think of it believing in God may not be that much different.'Life Of Pi' is undoubtedly a cinematic achievement in terms of visual effects and images but it's real beauty lies in the story that is so simple in it's depiction yet so profound in it's impact.There are scenes of such wonderful amazement that words fall short often. Right from the beginning credits to the poignant scene when Pi leaves his lifeboat just after the ship-wreck and watches the mammoth ship sink underwater, the heart-pounding introduction of Richard Parker on the lifeboat, the surreal dream sequence of Pi, the many sunsets and nights at sea, the mesmerizing scene with the jellyfishes and blue whale and just so many other scenes that each one can be paused and made into a collection of brilliantly picturesque wallpapers. Such brilliant cinematic quality is very rare and it needs to be experienced on the hugest screen possible. It's why we go to the movies for. Ang Lee's direction is minimalistic and focused. Gentle and caressing. He does not make movies. He nurtures a baby and lets him out to play with us when he deems fit.The end is somewhat abrupt in it's flow but nevertheless compelling in it's effect. Suraj Sharma as Pi is very good. Tabu impresses in her short role and Aadil Hussain is effective. But like it's always in almost every movie that he does, it's the brilliant Irrfan Khan who etches out the older Pi with an absolutely touching performance. 'Life Of Pi' without any overstatement is a landmark achievement. It's a shining crown jewel in this oceanic, gigantic world of cinema. Something to be cherished and admired. And something that doesn't happen very often."I just told you two stories. Which one do you prefer?" "The one with the Tiger." "And so it is with God."I'm a believer. In something not very different from God I think.And yes, always "the one with the Tiger."

Life of Pi is one of the most marvelous theater experiences I've had all year. Its Oscar for art direction and cinematography should already be locked in. It's a film of incorruptible beauty and deeply satisfying drama which squeezes so much power and emotion out of its audience that they leave feeling riveted at the same time drained. You can bet the film's main character feels the exact same way.Our main character is an adult named Piscine Molitor, who goes by the name "Pi Patel," and we meet him as an adult (played by Irrfan Khan) who begins telling his long life-story to a writer planning to adapt it (Rafe Spall). It's a story that tested him as a person in every possible way, and it all goes back to when his parents made the decision to move from India to Canada, and because Pi's father was a zookeeper, take many animals such as orangutans, zebras, goats, and tigers with them on an enormous ship across the Pacific Ocean. Before this move, Pi was an optimistic soul, who ventured out as a young boy beyond his comfort zone in his Hindu religion to seek out other walks of faith, specifically Christianity and Islam, which he began following all at once.During the move, a wild, violent storm hits the ocean, flooding the ship and sending Pi, a zebra with a broken leg, a hyena, an orangutan, and a tiger named "Richard Parker" on a lifeboat, leaving behind the several other animals and Pi's entirely family. This whole sequence, which lasts around five minutes, feels like the entire movie The Perfect Storm shortened from its original two-hour length, only it emphasizes the emotional elements. This is one of the saddest scenes of the year, as we see a teenage Pi (now played by Suraj Sharma) desperately hold onto the lifeboat for dear-life, while being washed away from his mother, father, and siblings and there is absolutely nothing he can do about it. Between you and I, reader, this is one of the most emotionally upsetting scenes (this and the ending of the film) I've ever sat through in a theater.Now, Pi is stranded in the middle of the Pacific, with an open sky, four different animals, until they are picked off with only the tiger remaining, and his own will to live. The remainder of the film forgoes the back-and-forth narrative between adult Pi telling the story to the writer, but remains focused on his own recollection of events on that lifeboat and the acts of bravery he committed to keep him and the tiger alive. While Pi and Richard Parker are sharing the boat, that does not mean they get along. Writer David Magee makes no mistake in illustrating that while they are stranded together, Pi is a human boy and Richard Parker is a Bengal tiger. The beauty of this picture is that it never mistakes that the only common traits between these two souls is that they are stranded together and both are mammals.Life of Pi's visuals are astounding. Long shots that hold on the vast emptiness of the Pacific are invigorating because of their wide range of beauty and clarity, sequences of peril and uncertainty are captured through an equally clear, vivid lens, making them all the more real and enthralling, and atmospherically, the picture shows the dangers and the loneliness of the ocean better than any film I have yet to see.Thematically, the picture focuses on predominately on the idea of survival and spirituality, which gratefully helps Pi keep hope and optimism during these gruelingly unforgiving days. One of the most intense and poignant scenes comes when Pi is faced with the task of killing a large fish. He is starving, and becoming skinnier by the day, so he fiercely grabs a fish out of the water and begins hacking at it with a small axe. When the fish is bloody and long dead, he begins to sob tears of joy and sadness; joy because he finally has a decent portion of food, yet sadness in the idea that he has killed a living creature and is about to abandon his vegetarian vow. It's a scene that, once more, clouded my eyes with tears, just like Pi's, of joy and sadness. This is a picture of sheer power and beauty. A film that clearly tests its lead actor, Sharma, who is inhabiting his first main role, and a film that will hopefully go on to live with a reputation of one of cinema's supreme achievements. It must be said that in Ang Lee's twenty year film career that he has tackled almost every genre in the medium and done so with an extraordinary amount of confidence. His directorial efforts too have not been minor additions to the genre, but true game-changers if anything. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon was a martial arts film filled with depth and delight. Hulk was a superhero movie that added so much weight to its characters and relationships, you'd think Christopher Nolan's modern-day Dark Knight franchise was taking notes from it. And Brokeback Mountain was, for the most part, a lively portrayal of two men who've kept their orientation silent for so long that they begin to embrace it by meeting each other out of the blue. Life of Pi offers more of the same grandiose ideas from the brilliant visionaire and its shocking smoothness in terms of filming, placement, and writing is beyond fabulous and wildly consuming because of its clarity. This is one of the best films of the year, and on-par with the depth and cinematography in Samsara, making this year one of the most beautiful.

We were able to see this at an early screening but per that paper, not to say anything until after other screenings. So, now it's screened elsewhere I can pitch in my thoughts.Life of Pi is a film that absolutely surprised me. I had not read the book, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but I knew that a film from Ang Lee would be exceptionally well done, and I wasn't wrong. This is an incredibly strong work, on par with "Crouching Tiger" .. Not through action or events but in the way the cinematography, camera movements and beautiful settings help draw a viewer in and really sell the story.The Life of Pi is so well crafted that it moves effortlessly between a story of youth to a story of adulthood. If you have not read the book, the ending is the kind of twist that while completely understandable redefines your entire film experience in a way I hadn't been a part of since "The Sixth Sense". You immediately think back over the entirety of the film and see it in a drastically different way and it works.No matter the perspective you chose, this is an amazingly well acted, well directed film that goes into my list of some of the best films I've seen this year.I watched in 3D, but this is a film full of so many bright colors and scenes that I will seek out a chance to see it in 2D just for the beauty of the scenes. Strongly recommended.

I found this film ultimately unsatisfying. Granted, it is visually stunning, but that in itself doesn't justify the running time. I found myself wondering what the point of the film was at all. If I'm right,it is a pseudo mystical / philosophical propaganda piece, which suggests that it is better to hold tight to a fantastical, improbable story of triumph over adversity (ie your faith in God, whoever that is), if it gives you hope and gets you through life – rather than to endure a harsh, unpalatable reality. The whole film is geared up to asking the question of the viewer – which do you prefer, the outlandish fantasy or the grim truth? I'm not sure it's even answerable, unless you have a faith which you want to reaffirm. So when the question came, I thought "Is that it? Is that what you've been waiting to pose"? The majority of the film covers a boy's struggle to survive a shipwreck, cast away on a small lifeboat in the company of a Bengal tiger. The story is told in retrospective by the boy (Pi) as an adult. It is clear to the viewer that this is a tall tale, from Pi's general style of story telling (a colourful childhood, an eccentric swimming-obsessed uncle). We can tell that his style is somewhat unreliable. Therefore I didn't exactly buy into the survival story. I wasn't rooting for him and there was no emotional attachment to the character, in the way there would have been if this was a straight forward recounting of what happened. What I was thinking was "when is this part going to end, so that I can get on with finding out what's really going on in the film"? By that, I don't mean that I was particularly interested in the true survival story, which when it came was pretty grim (although that might have been a more interesting film!). I really wanted to know why the film maker thought it was so important to take us on this fantastical journey. When the answer came, in all its semi-philosophical shallowness, it wasn't worth the wait.

I read "Life of Pi" a couple of years ago while I was touring around Europe and I found it to be a mildly-entertaining book which touched lightly on the philosophical side. It was no surprise to me then, when I discovered Ang Lee's faithful film adaptation to be exactly that - mildly entertaining, touching lightly on the philosophical side.I believe a lot of people came to watch this movie with many different expectations, from those who wanted to watch a realistic sea-survival movie, contrasted by those who believed it would offer something truly deep and significant philosophically. Both these camps will be disappointed. As Jonathan Romney says in the IOS review "Life of Pi is fatally scuppered by coy, bogus mysticism." Conversely, as you will read on the message boards here at IMDb (spoilers abound there, be forewarned!) a lot of people couldn't even handle the philosophy-lite that was on offer and were "disappointed" that it wasn't the straight- forward boy-lost-at-sea-with-a-tiger story it falsely claimed to be (*deep breath*). Hey everybody, this film will not change your life. It will provide you with some inoffensive entertainment for a couple of hours, and probably little more."Life of Pi" - whether in book-form or in this adaptation - is neither high art, nor gruelling adventure. What it actually is is a fantasy story, framed at the edges with a smidgeon of realism in an attempt to add a soupçon of depth and food-for-thought. Approach the film as such and you may well enjoy it. As a heavily CGI-ed film it provides at times a stunning visual work. Again reviewers have been mixed, some claiming that the over-playing of visuals falls into the garish, and attempts to wash over the philosophical shallowness of the movie. Well, CGI is the trend today; it has some benefits, but the overall effect of digitally rendering your characters and sceneries is bound to leave something missing soul-wise. "Life of Pi" is pretty enough to look at, but personally I think much more could and would have been made of it if it was adapted as an (classic style) animation.I'd mark the film as 6.5 (it made my partner cry), but I'm rounding down this time because of the sudden wave of sycophancy present on IMDb, meaning that every film that comes out has 8-point-something (corporate presence?). Either way, a pleasant break from Hollywood aggression, and worth a watch.

Let's be honest here: Life of Pi is a pretty looking movie with a rather dismal plot, and a pretentious religious subtext thrown in there for good measure.Life of Pi might not be a bad movie. Realistically it would get maybe a 4 or 5 out of 10, but seeing as there's so many positive reviews here and all of them seem to be from either fanboys of the book, or people who haven't seen very many movies at all, I figured a 1 would be best to balance things out.No doubt the film has some humorous moments that are indeed very funny, like the tiger peeing in Pi's face, Pi's "rules", and what not, and the film has tons of pretty visuals. A lot of the film takes place on a boat, and at times it looks like they used a real ocean to film it on. Not to mention the jellyfish scene was pretty, it was almost like James Cameron's Avatar. But... the plot is just so vapid and pretentious, it defies description. Basically, the film throws around a lot of religious references, and it takes up a good portion of the plot, but dear LORD most of the time, the religious references were as subtle as bricks in a drying machine. At times it's like the writers are smacking you across the face with a bible. And when he father asked Pi (as a child) early in the film "how many more religions are you going to convert to?" (or something like that), I should have taken that as an indication as how the rest of the movie would be.Oh and the many random moments which included (but weren't limited to): the strange 2:35.1 Aspect ratio change where suddenly a bunch of fish start flying out of the water into the boat (including WINGED fish that seemed like a Michael Bay wet dream), a carnivorous island full of meerkats (though to be fair, the meerkats scene was like a cuteness overdose), and humpback whale bit. Yeah. There were parts of the film I enjoyed, but it honestly was just not a very good movie. It was like eating a platter full of candy and sugary sweets. Lots to indulge in and munch down on, but you've devoured nothing of substance by the end, and you're left with a stomach ache. And throwing a religious subtext in it doesn't mean the film is good or anything... It's just pretentious.So yeah, like I said. Realistically my rating would be a 4 or 5 out of 10, but the 8.4 rating and amounts of 10/10 reviews here is just ridiculous.

guys take a deep breath and relax for few 2 hours and enjoy the journey of a life which is somehow connected to everyone.You will find something connected to your your life from this movie. This all i can say. Ang lee deserved it... This is not the next Avatar that goes strait to the story,This is actually what movie all about. Are we not looking for new taste and experience from movies which we have been watching for years..This is the one. Give it a shoot, don't hesitate.Go and watch for movie sake. You will sure come out with new thinking of life, about faith, about believe.

There are a lot of positive and admirable things about Ang Lee's latest Life of Pi. Cinematographer Claudio Miranda captures the most uproarious and glorious shots captured this year thus far. The 3D effects are some of the best ever seen and feels absolutely necessary in a film so heavy handed with religious tones. What Mychael Danna achieves in Lee's film has just placed him in the forefront of great film composers working today. He continues to impress with his musical range, envelopes the film's message and thematic narrative in somber and beautiful melodic notes. On Visual Effects alone, Life of Pi will likely land a nomination for Best Picture. What Lee invents with the ocean and the integration of the tiger and the other animals is spectacular. He allows the mood of the film and the imagery to marry each other in a ceremonial experience that stands next to Sci-Fi epics like Avatar (2009) and Hugo (2011).Newcomer Suraj Sharma puts a valiant effort in the role of "Pi," a performance that may land him more critical and impressive roles in the future. The work is reminiscent of great breakthrough performers like Rudy Youngblood (Apocalypto, 2006) and Dev Patel (Slumdog Millionaire, 2008); both were impressive turns but sadly will not catch any awards attention. Irrfan Kahn, who has delivered in great supporting turns like The Namesake (2006) and A Mighty Heart (2007), could have his best chance ever for serious awards attention. His hurdle will be a minimal screen presence and a supporting actor race that's crowded with "movie stars." Lee directs the film with a firm hand. He knows what he wants to say and for the most part gets his message across. Unfortunately an unfocused and at times jumbled screenplay by the great David Magee creates an atmosphere that relies more on the visuals then the narrative. Also, I'm unfamiliar with the book by Yann Martel, never read it before, so I have nothing to compare it to but much of the story's elements of surprise feel rather cheap and ill-fitting. Not sure how it will play with others but the film remains pretty consistent on the entertainment sector. Lee explains his preparation for the film at the New York Film Festival with such passion and delight. He speaks about getting Sharma properly prepared by placing him on a boat in the middle of the ocean and meeting a real life shipwreck survivor; Lee's love for the project comes through, all four years in the making. It's a directorial achievement that the Director's branch of the Academy could easily get behind. The film lands solidly on the front door of awards season with ease and could rally a loyal legion of followers. Look out for the National Board of Review to kick it offI can almost put money on it.Read more reviews @ The Awards Circuit (http://www.awardscircuit.com)

I went to see 'Life Of Pi' in 3D as I'd heard what an amazing, life-changing movie it was, and that it was one of the best uses of 3D ever. Unfortunately it was neither of these things. Theoretically, it's a movie which few people should actually like, and should offend religious people, yet almost everyone seems to be lapping it up like God's very own ejaculate.I'll get the 3D aspect out of the way first. Whilst the visuals were brilliant, beautiful and sometimes breathtaking with vibrant fluorescent colours, there wasn't a single shot of 3D in the entire film that made me think, 'that's impressive use of 3D', and I'm a fan of good 3D. Whilst Pi was poking a stick at the screen, instead of it coming out at me in 3D, it was a rather pathetic, unfocused blur.The film is about a boy/young man called Pi who was shipwrecked. A writer tracks him down as he hears Pi has a wonderful story that will supposedly make him believe in God. Pi tells the story and it's incredibly long-winded with nothing remotely miraculous in it, mostly just a load of bad luck. Most of the story is Pi and a tiger stuck on a small rescue boat, and whilst that's interesting for a while, after about an hour, it becomes really rather tedious.Pi then tells a second story which is the true version of events, and there's nothing remotely miraculous in that one either, again just a load of bad luck. At this point I was thinking 'I cannot believe I've spent about an hour watching Pi and a tiger on a boat when it never even happened and he was just bulls**tting us'.So basically he tells two stories, one of which is lies and one true. He then asks the writer which story he prefers and he says he, "The one with the tiger. That's the better story." Pi responds, "Thank you. And so it goes with God." However, just because the writer preferred the first story doesn't mean he now believes in God like Pi claimed he would; he merely liked the first story better. Just like Pi's first story, this claim is more bulls**t from a compulsive liar. Personally, I liked the second story much better, which was never even shown, merely given a brief spoken account of. It sounded like it would have made a far better movie than an hour on a boat befriending a tiger. What Pi should have said is that the two stories he was about to tell would make the writer understand the nature of faith better, not make him believe in God.The message,which began with Pi as a kid following three different religions, and ended with him spelling out that that it doesn't matter which story(religion/belief) is true, just follow the one you like the best and comforts you the most, is a terrible message. It teaches people that it's OK to believe in lies instead of the truth, to follow a religion just because it has a nice story, and maybe even follow a few simultaneously then you can enjoy all the various stories.The movie tries to have an open-minded, positive message about religion, encompassing them all. That's all very well for teaching tolerance of other religions, but as a message it's problematic as I just find it so flaky. Since when has the truth been so unimportant? The truth is important and I won't let this ill-thought-out movie tell me otherwise. As someone who doesn't agree with the concept of believing in lies just to comfort oneself with a nice story, the message went against what I believe.Furthermore, I don't understand how anyone religious could like the movie either. Surely the whole point of religion is to follow it because you actually believe it to be the truth, not just because it's comforting and a nice story. If I was religious then I would find this message patronising and offensive. Religious people praising the movie can only mean one of two things: 1) They're fully aware that their religion is a lie and don't care as they're happy just liking the story 2) They didn't get the message of the film. Neither of these reasons are anything to be proud of.The only demographic I would imagine liking this film are flaky people, and people who think being flaky is acceptable, or even admirable. According to IMDb and Rotten Tomatoes, this is over 80% of the population. I can't say I find THAT true story very comforting, but, as the truth is apparently not important, maybe I should believe that nobody is flaky and everyone else agrees with me and sees 'Life Of Pi' for what it really is. If there's one thing I can't stand it's flakiness; it's annoying and you never know where you stand with such people or what they stand for.I liked the idea of a story being too traumatic to tell so giving a false version with symbolism instead, but the message about religion was stupid. If people simply enjoyed the journey then that's fine but it isn't that interesting, and without the message, hollow. People thinking the message is wonderfully deep, beautiful and philosophical, however, need to quit being such flakes and give themselves a slap. Yann Martel, who wrote this 'lying-is-wonderful' story, needs to find another career and spare the world from more stupid messages.Other than impressive and beautiful visuals, a few lines of good humour and a shipwreck, this film had nothing for me. Plus it dragged, like Ang Lee movies tend to; I would honestly have preferred to sit through his 'Hulk' movie a second time. Pi is a boring, time-wasting, flaky, bulls**tting douche, and I'd be grateful if next time he kept his ill-thought-out, tediously long-winded stories to himself.

i just watched the 3D IMAX in Taiwan. Due to i'm big fan of Ang Lee, i look forward to this movie for a long time. I'd like to say this movie totally meet my anticipation. The animation was real and beautiful, so the scene was amazing. Some scene and action taking from different views was also impressive. This movie was pretty hot and being discussed much in my country now. Some scenes are taking in Taiwan. I did not watch the book so i can't compare between book and movie. I recommend 3D caused some view will really touch you. For kids it is alright cause some bloody scene was adjusted. I think it is more than a story, there are many points worthy of thinking. Nice try and nice working of Ang Lee!

I'm going to go ahead and say it outright. This film flat out takes the cake for the most overrated film of the year. This is unwarranted and uninspired Oscar bate on a Hurt Locker level. For the first time in a very long time I have actually left a movie feeling I had wasted my money.You all know the plot. A boy finds himself adrift at sea with a dangerous tiger after a horrific shipwreck. At the start of the film we are subjected to a meandering and drawn-out set up for themes and characters that do not even see a reprise or conclusion before the end of the film. It really felt like this film was stretching every scene and concept to a breaking point to fill the three hour artistic precedent established by previous Oscar winners like Return of the King. It just drags and drags until we are finally privy to the main plot. But then, the films biggest problem comes to a head: the theme.The film's theme cannot even be adequately described as it lacks any focus or objectivity. It simply comes off as an overbearing theistic agenda slathered onto an unrelated story. It presents itself as a lesson about faith, but doesn't convey this message in any other fashion than saying "I had faith and I survived, therefore you should have faith." As a critical thinker, I simply counter the point by demonstrating that if a faithless person was put in the same position as the main character and made the same decisions (since none of these decisions were based his faith) they would have identical outcomes. There in lies the problem: the lesson is not demonstrated through means of the story or character progression. It is literally told to you every few scenes via frequent and uninspired narration. The first rule in screen writing is a simple one: Show, don't tell. After all, film is a visual medium. Apparently the screenwriter missed the memo.What else is there to say? The acting was wooden. The score was big but not memorable. The only thing I can give to the film's credit is some beautiful cinematography and an effective use of 3D. But presentation is all for naught if the story is ineffective, and Life of Pi never once managed to grab me, move me or convince me of anything. It serves only as a colossal waste of money and time; my own and Hollywood's.

What utter garbage this movie was. Sure, the CGI was good... and that's about it.That anyone found this movie a spiritual eye-opener shocks, and actually kind of horrifies me. Why are there so many people just wandering around like zombies not questioning their own existence? Did this movie just serve to make them actually put down their lattes and credit cards for one second to see a different perspective on life? I have no other explanation for how well received this movie was.I tried to see it as just a story on it's own merits but the religious nonsense was just so thick, it's impossible to separate. Life of Pi heaves with religious overtones - constantly. But none of it goes "deeper" than what you would assume every person has pondered at least once or twice in their lifetime: Is God real? Why do people believe? Is it better to believe or disbelieve, and does this change if God is real, or not real?Let me point this out: PI DOES NOT LEARN ANYTHING, NOR CHANGE DURING THE MOVIE. Pi starts out gullible and foolish, looking for meaning in life to the point of seeing religion and "God" in everything where none exists. At the end, after a painfully long journey (for both protagonist and viewer), Pi is still seeing religion and "God" in everything - except now he is also a liar. A religious version of castaway that asks no new questions, provides no new answers, and is better off missed.

I have just finished reading the book the other day, and today I got to watch the film version. With the book still so fresh in my head, I went into the cinema with very high expectations. This is specially so after reading and hearing reviews which call Ang Lee's cinematic masterpiece visually comparable to "Avatar" or emotionally comparable to "The Little Prince," as well as all of the awards buzz.The book for me was a pleasant though slow read because of the lengthy wordy, even flowery, descriptions Yann Martel uses for his languid reflection on zoo life, his comparative study of Hindu, Christian and Moslem philosophy, and of course, his survival tale at sea by a teenager and a Bengal tiger sharing one lifeboat. It waxes philosophical in the beginning, then waxes fantastical in the middle, before settling for dry reality at the end. While a movie could probably improve on the imagery for each scene, there are several key parts of the novel that would entail a lot of narration. On the big screen, too much narration cannot be too good.My first assumption turned out to be true. The cinematography and visual effects were expectedly first rate and excellent. Those camera angles were breathtaking. The colors were very vibrant. The special effects regarding animals were realistic for the most part, especially the land mammals, particularly Richard Parker. Though I have to say that the water creatures were too obviously computer-generated, not too good. A most triumphant sequence in the film for me were the scenes on the floating green island of algae and meerkats. I thought that was ideally visualized and executed, so much better than that chapter of the book.My second assumptions also turned out true. A lot of the story needed to be narrated by an adult Pi Patel as he was being interviewed by a novelist researching for his next book. These bookending present day scenes were pretty dry for me. The whole last chapter of the book when Pi was interviewed by the Japanese shipping officials was all one long narration only without supporting imagery. All of this talky narration may be boring for some people. In order to make the film appeal to more people, Ang Lee spares us from gory details which the book was not averse to describing in graphic detail. In the film, the screen time of the zebra, orangutan and hyena was very short. For all the brutality that was supposed to have happened on board, Ang's lifeboat remains almost pristine white. I thought that was quite merciful of Ang. I wish I could also say the same for some sappy melodramatic scenes, like Richard Parker laying his head on Pi's lap, which were not in the book.Overall, this film version of "Life of Pi" is very good, but it can be disappointing for people who have read the book. It was a loyal albeit sanitized version of the book, which is not really a bad thing. The book was not exactly inspirational to me, more educational actually. For this film, Ang Lee seemingly aspired to make this movie inspirational, and these obvious efforts may prove to backfire for some audiences.

Before giving any review about the movie i must request everyone to watch this movie only in a 3D format because i feel it is one of the very few of the 3d movies which retains its soul despite being in 3d format and not being a mere sales technique. Life of Pi is not a story about survival as many of viewers who have and have not read the book mentioned it already. It is not a story about a cast away. It is much more than that. It is about faith, religion, endurance and most important of all relationships. I have not read the novel on which the movie is based but yet i can be pretty sure that the movie has done almost or complete justice to it. With no intentions of watching this movie i went in expecting nothing but came out thanking the ones who took me for this movie. Ang Lee has always had an incredible ability to depict human emotions in various ways and various characters which we have seen in Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and Brokeback Mountain. But in this one he goes a step beyond and creates an emotion between a human and an animal. But it just doesn't end there, he adds the flavor of perfection to the movie by giving incredible visuals. Now being stranded on a sea can be a boring script especially when you have a run time of 145 minutes but Ang Lee shows us so much in that time that you end up craving for more. With exceptional visuals and incredible performance by the lead, Life of Pi is an unforgettable movie for me and it does make me believe in God. I am sure it will succeed in making a lot of other people believe. There are unforgettable moments in the movie and it is going to be extremely difficult for anyone to pick just one. But i am sure everyone will like the last ten minute of the movie which make you think and go through the movie again. I salute Ang Lee for such a beautiful depiction of the book and portraying so many beautiful things and putting the CGI and Animation to the right use. The movie is a pure piece of Art and must not be missed under any circumstances. I would really wish to see this movie in the IMDb top 250 list

I remember when the novel Life of Pi came out and how popular it was. I have never read the book, but have read Beatrice and Virgil, which is also by Pi author Yann Martel and was very impressed with it. The movie version of Life of Pi, was nothing short of amazing. This is a film where everything seems to be done right. As readers of my reviews know, I am not a fan of 3D, or basically even in seeing films in 3D, but to me, Life of Pi was different. The 3D was not used in a self indulgent way to showcase today's technology, or to brag about it later on like so much of Peter Jackson's later films have been. Instead the 3D in this film is done to further enhance emotions and to affect us while watching certain scenes. We often see scenes of absolute beauty and some that are frightening, or perhaps ugly, but the 3D here is put to good use and is not done in an overly flashy way. The story itself I found to be incredibly moving and also inspiring. I do not want to go into too many details about the plot, so I do not spoil it for other viewers, but this is at times a deeply spiritual film that most viewers should walk away with feeling moved and grasping things that they might not have before. That is unless they are totally hard of heart. Through the journey of the main character, Pi, he learns so many important life lessons and things he can use later on in life. The film shows that while he does go through some very difficult and challenging times, that he does not quit, or give up and has the willpower and the faith to persevere even if at times everything looks absolutely hopeless. By relying not only on himself, but a higher power he is giving this endurance and strength to keep going and even during the most agonizing and stressful of times, he still has that perseverance and does not give up. It shows us that through life's trials often something very good comes out of it. In life none of us like going through challenging, or difficult times, but I think all of us can say that through difficult situations that we have gone through that we have learned more about ourselves and have become better equipped for future situations as well. Trials often bring us closer to the things that are actually important and crucial to our lives, but on the same thought, I realize that others do not always respond to them as well and lean to things that could be detrimental to one's health such as drugs, alcohol, or sex, but what if we relied on a higher power like Pi does in the film? Being a Christian myself I know all about that. Through my life I have gone through numerous trails in my life and I know that there will be more coming, but through all of those trials, I have been able to rely on God, and while often in those situations I felt anxious, or like giving up myself, I learned that he was with me through those trials and he was not going to abandon me. Every rough, or difficult situation in life I have gotten through. No, going through it was not always easy, or fun, but at the end my relationship with God improved and it often allowed me to trust and rely on Him more. Often these trials seem to be pointing out something in our lives that we need to change about ourselves. It could be something like an addiction, or some type of sin that while it may not seem so, is actually harming us rather than bringing us joy, or pleasure and do we really need those things in our life? What if we could live doing what is good for us and to keep our bodies healthy. Wouldn't that make us both happier, healthier and more appreciative that we gave up our old ways of sin, addiction and the things that caused us to stumble. Pi grows in this film as he goes through these trials. They mature him, give him a stronger and more trusting relationship and understanding of God and helps prepare and shape him for what may come in days, weeks, or even years ahead. This was such a revelation to me seeing all this on screen. I knew all this beforehand, but who doesn't need a reminder from time to time and a little encouragement never fails to help. What was often called an unfilmable book has turned into a motion picture experience that is something that I found beautiful for the eyes, ears, senses and my soul. I felt uplifted and encouraged as I left this film. It gave me so much to think about, but also so much to be thankful for in my own life. Director Ang Lee and screenwriter David Magee have given us a beautiful film here that works as a technical achievement, but on so many other levels as well. I hope that what I have said will not have turned off people from seeing it, but rather given them a curiosity to go and see it for themselves and see what they discover, or take away from it. This is a groundbreaking achievement in cinema and for our own selves as well. Be sure to see it on the big screen while you can. One of 2012's best films.

I gave this film 10/10 because it is really touching and lets people think about things around us. I didn't expect it that good since I haven't read the book. Probably Ang Lee's directing made me want to see how it works, but it turned out very amazing. The film is not perfect, you can see some goofs in it. It is a sight feast in terms of pictures. The whole story and journey that Pi had been through is well told, and at last Pi told a different story, which really made me think about things around us. Many times what we believed is perhaps not the truth...but when we find something that is worth to believe, we shouldn't let it go even if we may lose everything we cared about, they will come back eventually...Anyway, it is really a good movie, worth to watch!

This movie starts slow. The shipwreck scene at sea is only somewhat believable, if you allow yourself to be distracted by the CGI, but it drags, and the references to religion are just a mish-mash of ancient superstition that don't mesh well with the supposed story being told. In the end we learn there is possibly another story that is the "truth", and which is preferred? Well I liked neither. And neither story was "true" since all was fiction to begin with."Life of Pi" felt like a story that wanted to go somewhere but didn't know how to, like the author was Pi and trying to figure out how to write a story for the first time, hoping that the proposed alternate story at the end would give the time spent on the rest of the tale some sort of validity, which it didn't. It reminds me of a joke I heard a few years back, one of those jokes where I wondered why I wasted my time listening to it, and I will repeat it here, giving it a Life-of-Pi ending:One day, Juan is out trimming his hedges. His neighbor looks over and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't beat your wife, abuse your kids, or kick your dog. You should run for Mayor!"So Juan runs for Mayor. People see what a great guy he is, and they elect him.After his term is over, Juan is back out to his hedges. His neighbor looks over again. "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't beat your wife, abuse your kids, or kick your dog. You should run for Senator!"So Juan runs for Senator. People see what a great guy he is, and they elect him.After his term is over, Juan is back out to his hedges. His neighbor looks over again. "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't beat your wife, abuse your kids, or kick your dog. You should run for President!"So Juan runs for President. People see he's a great guy- doesn't beat his wife, abuse his kids, or kick his dog. So they elect him. However, as Juan is sitting in the Oval Office one day, a shady man in a black coat walks in and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. But you need to start screwing up- beat your wife, abuse your kids, and start kicking your dog. Or I'll kill you." So Juan begins to beat his wife, abuse his kids, and kick his dog. After a while of this, Juan's old neighbor comes in."Juan, what are your doing? You used to be a great guy- now your family is gone and your dog has run away! You need to fix things up, or I'll kill you!"So Juan is freaking out, but he decides to go out with honor. He patches things up with his wife and kids, and he gets a new dog. The next day, the shady man comes into his office and shoots Juan with a golf gun.What's a golf gun? -I don't know, but it sure made a hole in Juan.That was a stupid joke -Which do you like better, the stupid joke or "Life of Pi?"The stupid joke -So it is with God.

LIFE OF PI is an odyssey that has everything: love, danger, exotic locations, swimming with tigers, and the three major world religions. It is a staggering, nearly all-encompassing metaphor for life. It will strengthen your faith in God. And it is infused with beauty throughout, via director Ang Leeahhh.I think there are two ways you could take the story: first, as a kind of magical tall tale; second, as something quite a bit deeper--i.e., not superficial entertainment, but profound testimony by an overcomer in life. I'm guessing that people who are deep and have been through a lot of difficulties in their lives will probably get much more out of this movie, whereas others might not relate to or perhaps even recognize the subtext in it (and oh, how much they will miss!!!).It isn't necessary to read the book first, although it is marvelously well written. Rarely do I think a movie so good that I see it twice in 2 days, and I will go see it a third time soon--don't miss it on the big screen!!MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!

Every once in a while, a movie keeps you marveling at the beauty of its imagery while captivating your mind with its intellectual richness, "2001: A Space Odyssey" is such a movie where images speak a thousand words, so is "Life of Pi" with a difference though: it is pretty vocal about its content. To a certain degree, the film embodies the number 'Pi' whose mathematical function and simple writing are only the tip of an iceberg of infinite immensity.Still, Ang Lee's "Life of Pi" is a delight for the eyes before the mind, a stunt even more impressive as 2012 eyes used to think they saw it all (3 years after "Avatar" and less than a decade after Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings"). Some shots reminded me of that line from "Forrest Gump" who was running across a desert and the morning light cast such a glow that he couldn't tell where Heaven stopped and the Earth began. And "Life of Pi" is fertile in such shots where you can't tell the limits between the sky and the water, and it is no coincidence that the story is a metaphysical quest à la Paolo Coelho, of a boy drifting across the Pacific Ocean with a tiger, of all the companions.God is obviously the 'guy-up-there' incarnated by the skies and the stars and Pi addresses him many times by raising his head, but when the sky and the water seems to make one, which might imply that Pi can find God, or try to, by looking at the ocean or in the eye of his feline companion of misfortune. Pi was named after Piscine Molitor which was the most beautiful swimming pool his uncle ever swam in, and in the scene showing the Parisian pool, the water is so clear, the man feels like floating in the air, it is not just gratuitous effects but the display of a heavenly, ecstatic moment, where the body and the mind are in total symbiosis. This is how the uncle found God anyway.To avoid the mockeries, Piscine calls himself 'Pi' and is so motivated that he becomes a champion of the Pi number and could memorize thousands of the decimal pieces, the cheers of his comrades making up for years of urological nicknames. But don't get mislead, the film is only about mathematics if you use the Galilean metaphor of the alphabet with which God wrote the universe. This is a language Pi is eager to decrypt, driven by his childlike curiosity, Hindu myths and Gods fascinate him, so does the story of Jesus Christ who died as an innocent for all the humans' sins, and he also finds peace and serenity while recalling the name of Allah during his prayers. Pi's ecumenical openness inevitably crashes into his father's rationality."Appa", a zoo owner, is a practical man who doesn't believe in religion, he eats meat and would rather have a son sticking to strong opinions rather than believing in everything, being as "irrational" and unlimited as the like-named number. So, it's the father who puts limits in his son's idealism where he sees him trying to feed the tiger (named Richard Parker), believing animals have soul. The father proves him wrong by tying a goat to the cage and showing him how the animals deal together. Animals have no souls, it is only the reflect of humans' soul, the metaphor for religion is obvious. We only see God through our own eyes, how ironic though that the father uses a sacrifice of such heavy religious undertones to make his point. As for Pi, the matters of God are forgotten for a time.And it takes that extraordinary journey where he's stuck with the tiger and has to learn how to tame it, to feed it so it doesn't think of eating him, to state his presence, mark his territory, to establish a way to communicate with the animal, until finally, Pi concludes his metaphysical quest. The tiger becomes his enemy but also his ticket for life. I won't spoil right now how the adventure connects with God, but it is all done in that conclusive last rhetorical question, where Pi creates his own myth, which like all myths, explains a fact through a story that might sound ludicrous but whose universal appeal is undeniable. Because that's what myths are: stories that go beyond our own perceptions, that seems impossible yet challenge our thinking to such a point that their nonexistence seems as unbelievable as the opposite.While I was watching the film, I was mesmerized by the special effects, the interactions between Pi and the tiger, even with the other animals. And I was almost disappointed to learn it was CGI, it didn't look like CGI to me, for some reason, it felt "plausible", too beautiful to be artificial. But maybe that is the ground broken by Ang Lee. In 1914, a man shared a screen with a dinosaur, in 1964 one danced with penguins, in 1988, one was handcuffed to a rabbit, in 1993, dinosaurs came back in the form of CGI creatures, their realness was undeniable but it still asked for our suspension of disbelief. "Life of Pi" is the only one where the animals are meant to be and look real, that the magic of the film would take a 'normal form' to better fool us.Some would say that God was a creation by humans but maybe the idea of God is so beautiful that humans only tries to make it approachable, like God who used the figure of Jesus, or Muslims when they pray or Hindus with all their Gods. Maybe less than the form of God, is the idea itself, maybe Cinema is like religion or myths, after all, it is all about suspension of disbelief, but for a purpose that is essential to the human soul.

Life of Pi is a difficult movie to review.Certain to be one of the year's most widely-discussed films, in part because it's open to multiple interpretations, this is a bold cinematic achievement by Oscar-winning director Ang Lee.Yet, it's also fundamentally flawed, its most puzzling script gaps camouflaged by extraordinary special effects and first-rate performances by the actors who portray the lead character at different stages of his life. Indeed, the varied imagery and wide range of emotional demands upon the actors are so compelling that one might actually overlook the glaring contradiction within the film's most intriguing question — which deals with the storyteller's relationship with God. The film is such a powerful visual spectacle that the audience deserves an equally consistent storyline — and ultimately just as satisfying a payoff — which compliments the arduous endurance test of sitting through what feels like an overly-long 2 hour and 20 minute epic journey across the world's biggest ocean.First, the basics. "Pi" is an Indian boy who enjoys an almost idyllic childhood. His early years are spent in a tropical seaside paradise located on the coast of the Indian Ocean. Pi's family owns and operates a zoo with several exotic animals.When Pi becomes a teenager, his father decides to disband the zoo and move the entire family abroad. This leads to a life-changing adventure. To its credit, the story challenges many conventional assumptions about new immigrants. We assume immigrants are thrilled to be in a new homeland. But that's not always the case. After all, what child wants to be uprooted from a house near the beach, living happily among zoo animals — as is the case with Pi? I found this to be a powerful message — no doubt experienced by many very real immigrant children — which I had frankly never considered before. Sometimes, immigrants leave happy lives behind when forced to move elsewhere due to circumstances beyond their control.The family and their prized zoo animals set off to Canada, which is to become their new home. Pi and his family board a cargo ship scheduled to cross the Pacific Ocean, with several wild animals from what had been the family zoo boarded in steerage.A deadly typhoon changes everything. During the storm, Pi is thrown into an open lifeboat and is ultimately forced to survive on his own at sea. To make matters worse, but undoubtedly more interesting for the audience, some wild animals manage to find sanctuary inside the lifeboat with the terrified Pi. One of the animals that climbs aboard is a vicious Bengal tiger.The story is entirely plausible up to this point. In the interest of avoiding spoilers for those who have not seen the movie, let's just say Pi and his beastly companion end up spending many months at sea together locked in a battle for supremacy and survival. As one can imagine, the demands which would be extraordinary were Pi sailing solo are magnified tenfold by the presence of a wild beast that views everything on the boat as his next tasty meal.One thing which can be revealed is that Pi somehow manages to survive the ordeal. The story is told in flashbacks by an older and wiser Pi, ostensibly living somewhere in Canada in the present day. These segments introduce the film's most puzzling assertion.The movie includes strong religious overtones throughout. Pi's early years are spent searching for God and the right religion to join. This is a pervasive theme throughout all stages of the film — setting up the central character's most poignant moment of self-discovery. This takes place when the adult Pi, now in his early 40s, reveals to the listener that the perilous sea voyage enabled him to better know and understand God. The reflection is largely positive.Alas, Pi spends considerable time praising God as his savior at sea. After all, the necessities for survival were ultimately provided to him.And therein lies the glaring contradiction. Pi reveres the same God who essentially murdered his entire family, needlessly sent dozens of innocent animals off to a torturous and terrifying death, and transformed him into an orphan in a strange land — not to mention having to endure a terrorizing ordeal on the high seas for 227 days. If God is to be praised for providing precious food and water at opportune moments while exposed at sea for months on end, shouldn't the same divinity also bear the blame for causing so much death and misery in the first place? "Gee God — thanks for the tuna and rainwater. I guess that's payback for drowning my giraffe, two elephants, plus my mom and dad." Moreover, the beautiful imagery becomes something of a distraction. Several short interludes interrupt Pi's struggle at sea, which show off a kaleidoscope of splendor. Unfortunately, these scenes in no way serve to advance the story nor answer any of the fundamental questions and judgments which Pi is entitled to make following his experience.Life of Pi is not a film for children. It's being promoted as an action-adventure with a boy as the star, and various animals as the supporting cast. But these are not Disney animals. They are wild beasts capable of killing in an instant. There are several scenes of savagery, which left may children screaming and crying in the showing I attended. For those expecting to see Beauty and the Beast at sea, think again.In summation, this is a spectacular cinematic achievement, which will undoubtedly be rewarded at Oscar time. Deservedly so.Everyone will take away something different away from this movie. My interpretation is that life — even when filled with the prospect of danger and death — can be mesmerizing, even beautiful. However, as a spiritual awakening, this is a movie which cannot be rescued. That message remains aimlessly adrift at sea.www.nolandalla.com

First off, let me just say that I am NOT some religious nut. I a have seen the twilight movies and probably a bunch of other movies that I shouldn't be watching. I'm an adult and can sift through a movie and take away what I want and watch the rest just for entertainment value, even though I AM a Christian.That being said....this movie takes about five different religions and mixes them all together and basically says, it's okay to believe in anything you want, that everything is ALL the same and you can pick apart different ideas and make your own religion. I found that idea very disturbing and I wouldn't even mention it, except for the fact that they push this super spiritual mixture mess throughout the entire movie. I would have loved this movie if they would of left the spiritual voodoo out of the movie. Make it a simple story of overcoming the odds and finding a bonding relationship with an exotic animal that not many people will ever understand, let alone come that close to. I could believe and even respect that. Some people has special talents and gifts with animals and can understand them in ways most people can't, and the animals reciprocate that back.Enough said about the religious stuff...let me just say that the movie was pretty slow. I know that one of the main characters(aka..the tiger) doesn't have dialogue and so you have to rely on the animals body language to do the talking for you. There was one part towards the end of the movie(don't want to give it away) where I thought I was having an acid trip, the idea was so ridiculous and strange. I know this is supposed to be a deep spiritual and slightly(and I emphasize slightly) philosophical type movie, but that wasn't what I was expecting to get out of this movie and towards the end, it just got ridiculous. Not to mention, I hated the way things ended up with the boy and the tiger and the ending of the actual movie was very boring and anticlimactic.I like deep...deep thoughts, ideas...I can do deep in my sleep, but this movie was just weird on every level and is honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This COULD have been a really great movie if they would of kept it simple...boy bonds with tiger and overcomes all odds...no mumbo jumbo wonky stuff.That's my two cents anyway...

I haven't read Life of Pi, and feel that being too faithful to the book may have been where screenwriter David Magee went wrong.At its heart it seems to be a simple story - an allegory about a boy and a tiger that masks an horrific experience on board a drifting lifeboat. However, the structure of the piece means that when the truth is finally relayed in the film, all its impact is lost in the confusion of what has gone before. Instead of shock, I felt only irritation that the two-hour allegory had been so unambiguous and had given no hints to the truth which - for maximum effect - should have immediately become apparent in the telling of the second story. So instead of feeling illuminated by the end, I felt cheated and disappointed.Visually it's gorgeous, the acting is first rate, the CGI seamless and the 3D is nice enough, but the movie drags in several places (the mangrove island is just pretty padding) and although the animals portrayed are CGI versions, they are so realistic that I was more upset by the scenes of their slaughter than I was when that was related to the deaths of real people. I would not take a child to see this movie without considering the scenes of animal suffering. Just because they are CGI animals does not make it less traumatic.All in all, a disappointing trip to the movies, where I felt the writer and director lost sight of the most important emotional arc and thereby diminished any impact at the end which would have made up for a rather slow - if beautiful - film.

Through a movie with minimum human interaction.. Ang Lee shows humanity in its purest form.Through the incredible co-survival of a man and a Bengal tiger, Life of Pi shows us how both hopes and fears keep us going.The visual is simply groundbreaking. For moments I almost thought I was hallucinating. Many of the scenes were shot Planet Earth (the most expensive nature documentary) style, but only more stunning, in 3D, and woven together by a strong character and a beautiful story.But visual effects is far from being the only thing that makes Life of Pi extraordinary. Life of Pi is such an all-round hit. Authentic and not over-the-top acting, smooth storytelling, engrossing score.. all in all it struck me as a masterpiece not only made by masters, but also with a heart.I couldn't be more glad to celebrate this as my 700th movie on IMDb. Hope, as is Life of Pi's tagline, is what it gives me. Can't wait for Ang Lee's next movie.

On its face, this is a ripping yarn about survival at sea, based on a novel by Canadian Yann Martel. The book version is astonishing, and the film version is literally jaw-dropping both because of its visual effects and because of its faithfulness to the source material.The novel blurs the line between "fact" and fiction, beginning with the author's note describing his pursuit of a good story, a pursuit that lands him in Pondicherry, India. There he hears of a tale that, he is told, is God-affirming. The protagonist and narrator of the story, a native Pondicherrian by the name of Piscine Molitor Patel, now lives in Martel's homeland. Martel returns to find him in Toronto. This is where the film begins, and pretty much continues in lockstep with the book.The story supposedly told to Martel by Pi Patel unfolds intriguingly from his childhood in India to his voyage at sea with his family, through tragedy and finally, to salvation. The story is infused with humor, horror, beauty, and seamanship, all aided by stunningly vivid images. At the end, the viewer and the author face a choice that may affirm theism in some, and yet allow nonbelievers to reject it.What is hard to reject is the unutterable beauty and flash of the story, and the skillful way director Ang Lee has captured it on film. Convincing performances by Suraj Sharma as the teenage Pi and Irrfan Khan as the adult Pi are stellar. No less convincing is the rendition of leading feline Richard Parker, a creation that may make you wonder where digital technology is leading us.Most movies, and fiction in general, require suspension of disbelief. In that sense, "Life of Pi" can be a challenge. That said, this film breaks new ground as terrific entertainment.

I am an Indian. I watched this in India. With my girlfriend next to me. And we laughed hard throughout the movie because of the horrible Indian accent of all ages of Pi. Thanks to Russell Peters who has actually ruined the Indian accent forever, because lets face it, it is really like that. You can never take a guy who speaks in such accent seriously. "Richard Parker, I have got water for you, Richard Parker" I mean mother of god!! Speaking of God, and religion, it's not down everybody else's lane, like I am an Atheist and proudly so, so I found this movie a propaganda for religious fanatics. This Pi guy really should have used pronouns for Richard Parker. Honestly. 227 days out on the sea and still a better love story than twilight, though. Cinematography was awesome of course, watching it in 3D was superb, but its just that. Everything else was a joke. Ang Lee, I'll have what you're smoking.

I read "Life of Pi" years ago and remembered little of the details about the book other than that I enjoyed it. During the first half hour or so of Ang Lee's screen adaptation, I felt myself getting bored and restless. It seemed like a religious movie, a movie whose central premise was all about reaffirming a belief in God. As a non-believer, I don't begrudge films with religious themes, but I also don't really enjoy them, feeling like someone invited to a party where everyone else is speaking a different language.But then the main thrust of the story kicks in, the young boy Pi is stranded in the middle of the ocean with a lifeboat and a tiger, and I was engrossed by the beauty and spectacle that Ang Lee delivers. And then toward the end, there's a twist that I instantly remembered from the book as soon as it happens in the film, and that I can't believe I had forgotten. For that twist is what makes this film something beautiful and much more than a simple story about faith in a higher power. Instead, it becomes a story that gets much closer to the motives behind what I think drives most people to religious faith, and that is that believing in God is way more comforting than the alternative. Some people seem to be able to choose to believe, while others (like myself) simply can't, no matter how much more appealing life seems with a strong belief in a higher power. People will argue probably forever over this film's ending and what it means, but that's what it meant for me.Ang Lee needs to be commended. This film had to be a very difficult directing feat to pull off, confined as it is almost entirely to a lifeboat and a slew of CGI effects.A truly wondrous and wonderful film.Grade: A

The symbolism of PI a mathematical annotation to irrational numbers has perhaps not been captured so beautifully ever in cinema !! Those who know India and have had the experience of spending even a few days in this enigma of a country know how confusing yet subtly philosophic this country is ...and this is exactly what the cinematic masterpiece from Ang Lee portrays ......To discover who you really are , you need to be thrown in a situation which tests your limits and then "wisdom" will be given to thee. I have not read the novel so i did not actually know what its all about when I walked into the theater and was pleasantly surprised at so many insinuations & portrayals of the Indian way of thinking of universal brotherhood. Ang Lee keeps the things in a different realm of reality which we all acknowledge does exist but perhaps are afraid to "test the waters" since we as human beings are conformists by nature and can not leave our "comfort zone" to think things in a way they should be thought of .......this is exactly why the director succeeds in drawing our attention to small but significant things which need to be understood to make the path more worthy of further discovery......Truly world class cinema with great acting and I will not hesitate in adding that the "tiger" who plays Richard Parker does deserve an Oscar this season .........

Let me start this review by saying I have enjoyed many of Ang Lee's films in the past. Let me also say that I am an animal lover. And as an animal lover I am appalled that this movie got made. Now I am fully aware that a significant portion of the animal scenes were cg. Nonetheless, the extent of distress that the animals suffered in the actual scenes that were used on top of a blue screen amounted to nothing less than gross levels of animal cruelty and so typical of a person completely indifferent of modern day animal issues. For that Ang Lee should be ashamed of himself. Bottom line, I can't say strong enough that this is NOT a story that should have been put on film!!!I say that for a variety of reasons, not the least of which is that the start of the film was culturally inaccurate. The mere suggestion that an Indian boy could freely and happily explore Hinduism, Islam and Christianity is nothing short of ludicrous and extends way beyond the scope of being able to 'suspend disbelief'. As for the cg, again, I felt is was ordinary at best and certainly not worth all the Oscar buzz it achieved. Don't get me wrong, I got the bigger message. I just don't think the vehicle for it was suitable for film and I don't think it can be even mentioned in the same sentence as films like Avatar. I have not read the book and I'm sure it was a great book, but it should have stayed a best selling novel. As for the film; it is used toilet paper and for his complicity in gross acts of animal cruelty, I hope Ang Lee never works again.

I need to forewarn that I went into this movie with high expectations due to the critical review from the industry and the public, and the expectations grew even more after Pi said his story would make his friend, (and by extension me) believe in God. The CGI landscapes, seascapes were beautiful, but the CGI people were not as they looked odd, almost demonic. Still, I was really intrigued now that Pi was claiming that his story would leave me no choice but believe in God, so I kept watching.The story unfolded and there were some exciting scenes, as exciting as can be for a boy and his cat at sea, but even some of the animal CG looked a bit fake. Once the carnivorous island sequence appeared, I knew Pi was disconnected from reality, that it was not merely a case of artistic license. The movie went downhill from here.I waited for the big reveal, the part that would force me to throw off the yoke of agnosticism, change my life forever and finally embrace a higher power. The big reveal, the entire story was an allegory at best, but more accurately a lie to make the truth easier and more profound than it actually was. My takeaway from Pi about believing in God and changing my life forever, God exists if you only pretend he exists and if you are going to pretend, you might as well pretend big and make the lie really grand, truth, honesty, objectivity and logic be damned. So, in that respect I guess I learned more about religion than I cared to.Even worse, the author seems to assume that the public is stupid. At the end when we find out which animal characters represented which human characters, the orangutan being Pi's mother, the zebra being the sailor, the cook being the hyena, Pi's dimwitted friend asks,"but who is the tiger?" Really? Come on. Pi is like a magical miracle potion that everyone is raving about, but when you actually invest in it and buy it for yourself, you notice the label on the back that says, "Contents: Oil of Snake".

The movie is actually a 9.5 out of 10 as far as special effects, but the story plays heavily on religion and is more of a moral teaching that all religions are the same, worthless while at the same time pushes anti- religion. The man who tells the story is a very intelligent person so it is very puzzling why he cannot tell the very marked distinct differences in religions yet finds that he can worship many at the same time, a belief that is beyond belief and believability. The story would have been a perfect 10 had it left out the heavy emphasis on religion because the shipping scenes and survival portions are very believable and beautifully done, almost magical. Overall, the mocking of religion leaves some, as us, with a sense of a thorn in the flesh. While we enjoyed watching it very, very much, it is not a movie we would buy or own. It is just too politically religiously abusive.

I saw "Life of Pi" last night and absolutely loved it. I still feel so overwhelmed by it, its visual splendor and the moving story that kept me involved for the whole time. The latest Ang Lee's film is beauty itself, and everyone involved in creation of such sparkling intelligent and classy entertainment deserves the highest praise and admiration for the work they've done. I am sure that in two days, "Life of Pi" will receive majority of Oscars it is nominated for. It deserves them.I hesitated to see it because I did not think that the movie about a boy and a tiger stuck together in the middle of the ocean for months after the horrible shipwreck on the drifting lifeboat which the ferocious tiger first claimed as his territory and a makeshift inflatable raft chained to it which was Pi's fragile shelter would be so compelling and gripping but it was. Roger Ebert said that Life of Pi is "a miraculous achievement of storytelling and a landmark of visual mastery". I gladly agree with that. I simply can't find anything wrong with "Life of Pi." It is beautiful, profound and adventurous story of survival and understanding life with all it offers or throws at us. It is life affirming even though it takes us along with Pi Patel through unspeakable hardship, losses, and deadly danger of indifferent and indomitable forces of nature's elements and wild creatures. And it manages to say a lot about faith and God without being over-simplistic, preachy or shoving religion in your face. It may help an atheist to understand the believers better or at least to try. It also turns itself in unexpected direction when we thought we were in the end of the journey, reflects on the darkest corners of human nature and leaves the viewers asking questions on what they really want to believe and whether they are open to the possibility of miracle in life, in their lives. It is up to the viewers to choose the answer only they would be satisfied with.Peaceful beauty of Pondicherry, former French colony in India that surprisingly for me looked like a charming small French town, totally enthralled me in the beginning of the film that started as a typical coming of age story. Well, it is coming of age story but amazing on so many levels, spiritual, ethical, physical, religious, humanistic, testing the limits of what a human being can deal with and how it would shape him, his life, and his perception of life. This is an experience, both movie watching and afterthought that will stay with me. What else can I ask for in a movie? I've always respected and admired Ang Lee and found his movies exquisite. But "Life of Pi" is without doubt his best work. Furious tiger, brave boy, magic journey, fascinating story - amazing movie.

Well, one of most expected movie of 2012 by me. It was not a colorful visual movie like 'Avatar' which was bluish Or 'Hugo' which was orangish except in few scenes that too come in night shot though IMO you should not compare it with above two. Many part of 3D sequences were just awesome.It could have been more violent and sentimental story that ever told on this theme but not, the director cleverly blended the humor with character emotions very nicely, thats why it was just ratted PG where children are allowed with their parents approval, but it is common for them to see an animal to kill another in Animal Planet, so its not a big deal i think. The CGI animal(s) were looked so clean and good.I must say the movie don't offer what you expect from its trailer, in movie it was totally different than any movie in the world except Waterworld + Cast Away + Castle in the Sky = Life Of Pi, i am not comparing it to other 3 but saying got similarity in some parts.I did not like the end much, I mean the way it ended was not proper, I thought it still had something to go far away then realized it happen only in commercial movies.My question is can this movie do good business which got no big names and cast!? Indian cast, Taiwan's talent, American product and a great effort of various technicians from around the world is equal to LIFE OF PI in Pacific ocean over 227 days. Hoping it gonna grab couple of awards in Academy award. Worth watching it in 3D, Someday in future you can say that i was in there when it came out when it called epic like what we call some of classical movies today.You could see better and beautiful India in beginning few Minutes than any Hollywood movie which deal on Indian subject. people from in and around Pondicherry can feel proud, why not whole Indians can. The images from the movie will remain in our eyes for some time even after you left the cinema hall specially may be you won't forget the name Richard Parker.And now i go for 9 outa 10 saying must see specially we Indian coz we cant make movie like this at least for right now in our own but we can watch this western piece of Indian art carved Ang Lee.There is a chance it gonna replace 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' as his (Ang Lee's) best, i said may be so lets see. Might be i am little excited for seeing it in preview show lets see what happens later days and what others say.9½/10

It is very hard to give this masterful creation of Ang Lee a tangible rating and critic, because much of the takeaway of the film, is for the moviegoers and readers of the original novel to contemplate. It is also very hard to rate because it has been such a hard movie to make, out of a novel that addresses both the strength of faith and weakness of humanity in a rhetoric way.Ang Lee did it, although painstakingly. I was amazing by the soul of the film, thru the eyes of the Bengal tiger (amazingly) and the maiden acting of 17-year-old non-professional actor. The conversation about the journey of life that Ang Lee has succeeded in engaging us into is a special kind that few artists like him is able to deliver.The opening music is magic.The one point I deducted is my faith in Ang Lee. I will save that for his next film.Happy Thanksgiving, movie lovers.

Life of Pi (2012) **** (out of 4) Ang Lee's incredible tale of Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma), a teenage Indian boy who survives a ship sinking that kills everyone on board except for himself and a tiger. Soon the two are on board a lifeboat not knowing what their future holds. I had never heard of the novel that this film is based on and I had absolutely no idea what the film was about until about five months prior I saw a promotional piece while waiting to watch another movie. I actually went back to work joking about the picture because I couldn't believe anyone would try and make a movie about a boy, a tiger and a lifeboat but the joke is on me because Lee has created one of the more memorable, magical and uplifting films of the year. I was really shocked to see how tremendous the picture was but what makes it so special would have me giving away countless spoilers, which is something I'm certainly not going to do. I think it would be best for viewers to go into the picture knowing as little as possible but I can say that Lee has created one of the most beautiful pictures you're likely to see. The beautiful images are just so remarkable to look at that it's impossible not to get caught up in the scenery. Be it the early stuff in India or the breathtaking moments at sea, everything in this picture just lights up the screen. I'm really not a fan of CGI unless it's used properly. Too many times I think it's just used to be lazy and save money but that's not the case here as Lee perfectly mixes in the CGI with the live action stuff. The two coming together are practically flawless and that certainly helps bring one closer to the story and characters. Sharma does a terrific job and especially when you consider he'd never acted before and was basically having to carry the entire film. I was a little mixed on the 3D effects. While some where brilliant, for the most part I think the film would be viewed just fine in 2D as it would give one better colors. Still, no matter which version you see, the heart of the picture is in its soul, its character and the lessons he learns while being stuck out at sea for over two hundred days. LIFE OF PI is a really remarkable film that has so much going for it that it's clearly one of the year's best.

This is by far the best Ang Lee's film, at least to me.I read a lot of comments about this film after watching it just yesterday. Many discussions revolve the topic on whether the animal or human version of the story is real. My view is that none of them is real.It is a film about faith. Both the animal and human versions are not real. The human version is made up. The animal version is a figment of Pi's imagination and the animals are merely metaphors. The four animals personify the 3 religions and logic that Pi has been exposed to in earlier life. This adventure allows him to find the religion that means the most to him (we all have our preferred gods). Logic - most likely represented by the orang utan - is not enough to help Pi tide through the ordeal at sea. Only the tiger - his chosen religion/faith - is able to last him the whole way. In effect, the boat is Pi, his heart; and the sea and storms are life itself. Through life, and experiencing life, Pi finds his god.What is the island? The green interwined roots of the mystic green trees most likely stand for the serpents of Vishnu and the shape of the island does remind one of Vishnu. The fact that the island gives and takes away life provides further proof that it is actually a metaphor for Vishnu.There are many other interpretations to this film but I think this is the beauty of Life of Pi. The human version of the story was made up for the two Japanese investigators and it is actually a sarcasm toward the conventional minds, which do not believe in faith and miracle but embrace only the logical.It is a film not to be missed.Bravo, Ang Lee and team!

I honestly didn't expect to say this again in the current calendar year but "this is probably the best movie I have seen this year". Yes, I think this is probably even a better movie that The Dark Knight Returns which I was all but certain would be my personal Picture of the Year winner. Life of Pi was simply amazing. The story is incredible and the way the film is delivered couldn't be better. You truly go on this story with Pi Patel and Richard Parker. The acting by Suraj Sharma is surprisingly fantastic as well. Some people will surely call this movie boring because it has a slower pace to it but Tom Hanks' Castaway film was also on the slower side and as that movie showed, if a film is well done the slow pace allows for more emotion and a connection to the characters. Shoot, I got watery eyes when Hanks' character lost Wilson and that was a stinking volleyball, lol. This movie plays along that same style of a slow paced story of survival but is done even better due to the incredible cinematography that rivals Avatar in terms of magnificence. Another thing Life of Pi did remarkably well was end without disappointment. By that, I do not mean that the ending isn't sad. I mean that the ending lives up to the film. Again, take Castaway for example. That movie was great but its ending was quick and left a lot to be desired. The ending for Life of Pi throws a subtle twist that is sort of a mind blowing moment. That subtle twist leaves you pondering the events of the film well after it ends.

The Angular tales are back with another Ang Lee feature. Director Lee is never timid in taking on a wide array of genres when tackling on a movie. And in his latest "Life of Pi" he might have just discovered a new genre for motion pictures because Pi serves such themes as adventure, love, courage, man vs. beast, family, religion, regret, friendship, survival, and a few others all in one just movie. "Life of Pi" is the most beautiful looking picture of the year, and it will have its Pi I mean eye on the Oscar prize of many technical categories including Best cinematography, sound effects, editing, special effects, and art direction. By the way, the 3-D in this picture is used to its apex. The movie features our protagonist Pi Patel first as an adult telling his incredible teen tale to a journalist, and then it rewinds to flashback in the telling of his unforgettable adventure at sea. Pi's real name is Piscine, so you could imagine how much he was bullied at school due to his name. His father named him Piscine because of his love of pools; but come on bro, out of all the pool of names you could have named your son, why that one? To avoid future name harassment, Pi during his teens, decided to shorten out his name to Pi; an incredible scene in the movie shows Pi in a 3.14 craze demonstrating to his classmates how the Pi equation is calculated in order for them to comprehend that he is now a Pi not a Piscine. Pi's parents live in India and own a farm. When economic problems arise, Pi's father decides to move teen Pi and the family from India to Canada. His plan is to sell the farm (literally) in Canada. To do this, he must first take the family and the animals on a freight ship at sea to Canada. And that is when "Life of Pi" transposes itself to a mystical "survival-at-sea" flick. A brutal storm causes a shipwreck which Pi bravely survives. Consequently, he is stranded on a lifeboat with an orangutan, a zebra, a hyena, and a Bengal Tiger named Richard Parker. Yea, that happened to me also. Anyways, Director Lee carries the picture into a thrilling state of "young man vs. beast" for survival. And he brilliantly depicts the relationship between Pi and Richard Parker as the forefront on many of the film's messages about the aforementioned themes. Wait, I must take a break. My cat Douglas Simpson is hungry and I must feed him. OK, that's enough. David Magee's endearing screenplay also deserves an Oscar nod for its relative verbose within Lee's direction. And Ang is a shoe-in for a Best Director Oscar nomination, I must say. Another what should be a sure Oscar nomination is Newcomer Suri Sharma's mesmeric performance as the teen Pi. And Surily I can be serious! Veteran Indian actor Irrfan Khan was solid as the adult Pi, but the young Pi Sharma had the more tasty scenes for a thespian showcase. So without a doubt, on a scale from 1 to 4 (4 being excellent), "Life of Pi" is not a 4 but much better than a 3.14. ***** Excellent

Unless you like watching hundreds of animals getting abused and killed avoid this horrible movie.This movie mad me want to kick something for wasting my time! It was so far fetched.They didn't need to show that type of animal abuse.The main character was an idiot.It was too long by about two hours.When I saw the credits I jumped for joy.Do yourself a favor and avoid this movie.I got forced to watch so I want o I've you fair warning.Worse movie I ever saw.

This is a three hour movie but you'll swear you were in the theater for at least 12. I don't normally mind long movies but this one was pretty slow and boring. My sister fell asleep for half of it but my brother and I were not as fortunate. There were some sporadic entertaining parts and the 3D had it's moments but that's no reason to torture yourself for the other 2 1/2 hours. Just when you think the movie is about to wrap up, the guy starts telling another story! I almost walked out right then and actually wish I did because the ending is what really made me feel cheated. *Spoiler* So you're telling me the entire story you just wasted my time with was a complete lie? I felt bad for the guy that was following him around all over the place listening to his BS for hours and hours. I think I would've probably punched him in the face. I have a history of missing the point of these artistic movies but I don't understand how lying about what happened when you got shipwrecked makes anyone closer to God.I'm going to use this technique on my girlfriend. Honey, I went to the store to buy you a gift when I was kidnapped by a unicorn that flew me to a magical island with perfume flowers and lipstick bushes. Then I killed the unicorn and escaped on a giant pterodactyl that scratched up my back and dropped me off just in time for breakfast.Oh, you don't like that story? How about, I went to the bar, got wasted and went home with some other chick last night?I've told you two stories that both result in me not coming home last night. Both stories end with me having a scratched back, lipstick on my face and neck, and smelling of perfume. Which story would you prefer? Do you believe in god now?

I thought I was so late watching this film, for all the hype it had I must have overlooked watching it .At the end of the film ,I then remembered why I hadn't bothered watching it , my son had told me the ending was rubbish .Too late ! I'd sat through it and concluded this for myself .What a swizz .I felt like I did at the end of Lost .Sort of- well what the hell was that about ! started off good but descended into a mess . The main character in it to me seemed like an idiot who didn't learn from his mistakes .Fleeing up to the deck in the midst of a flipping storm and leaving the deck door wide open .Ripping the cover from the tiger on the boat so he could share his trippy sky storm moment and hence losing his supplies .You wanted to throttle him . Then to hear at the end it had all been a euphemism for a horrible experience , I was so annoyed . How did this film get so much hype ? it wasn't a feel good movie after all .The poor animals , the depressing truth at the end and how the hell someone was supposed to find God of any kind at the end of this long lie ? Just ridiculous .Don't buy it on DVD as it's a waste of money IMO .

I must say that this movie has one of the worst endings I have ever seen. It was all a dream or the evil character is all in my head ain't got nothing on this movie. I am not trolling I will say that life of pi is beautifully shot and it is moving at times. However, Spoiler alert...the basic structure of this movie is "narrator" at the beginning "let me tell you a story that is so fantastical you wont believe it." Viewer at the end "Oh my, did that really happen...I...I..don't believe it." Narrator "I told you..the reason you don't believe it.,is cause I made the whole thing up." We then are treated to the real story which is suppose to be so terrible that he made up this "loose" story about animals which is some vague metaphor of the truth blah blah. The real insulting part is when the old codger ask the writer...which story do you prefer. The premise, plot, and ending of both stories are the same but do you like the one with the cuddly zoo animals or the one where we use people as bait and I watch my mother get killed. The writer and the audience in unison say...tear rolling down cheek..the one with the tiger...the end. The point being some pseudo intellectual notion that watching your mother die or being raped or insert whatever horrible thing could happen to you is all a mindset or how we choose to deal with it. OK I get it, a positive attitude can do wonders. But seriously if you survive something like the holocaust I would rather just hear the version that is the truth rather than the version where Adolf Hitler is mickey mouse and you were in Narnia the whole time. I mean come on..this is so insulting on so many different levels. First off, if you are going to tell me this stupid made up story abut honey badgers and unicorns..then stick to it like a crazy person...don't tell me the real story right afterwords. Cause you know what my reaction is going to be, not oh my god what a cute story I like the first one better. My reaction is going to be oh crap you watched your mother get hacked to pieces and you made up a story about it involving zoo animals and then you ask me isn't the first story better...um yes it is...but the story of Anne frank would be better if she was cat woman and died at the end fighting crime...but alas that's not what happened..nor is it the story I prefer.

Watched this movie with my daughter and was waiting her to say: "Let's get out of here" every minute of the film, but, unfortunately, she never said those words. 2 hours of dude boating in dinghy with animals eating each other (of course, CGI tiger who appeared from nowhere wins) straight from India to East Coast saved on cookies and fish?For believers it's obvious - of course he had to survive. How else? He embraced virtually every religion out there.Is this smart movie? Did it make you to think about anything? I did not find any single thought in this movie. Boring, annoying, terrible and painful to watch for 2 hours. Total waste of time and money in case you happened to see this in 3D.Now, having said my opinion about movie, I am going to see who are reviewers. May be this will give me clues why it has so high rating.

'Life of Pi' is a story about a young man stranded on a boat in the middle of the Pacific with a tiger after the ship carrying his family and their zoo sinks. Directed by Ang Lee (Brokeback Mountain), this is a spectacular film with a lot of great qualities.There's pretty much just one actor in this; Suraj Sharma makes a great debut here and I really hope his career takes off after this despite not being nominated for an Oscar unfortunately. It must be challenging being the only actor on-screen for 90% of the film with no one to converse with except a CGI tiger- Sharma handles this well though and his performance is thoroughly entertaining. Irfan Khan doesn't have much screen time but he gives a powerful performance, particularly in the last scene. Rafe Spall is a bit disappointing; he doesn't show any emotion in crucial scenes and he can take away the power and quality of a scene because of this. The exact opposite of an actors' job!I am opposed to 3D in cinema and therefore chose to see this in traditional, 'boring' 2D. Visually, it is still spectacular despite it being advertised as a film made for 3D (doesn't every 3D films' advertising campaign argue this?). The CGI animals – excluding the tiger – can look obviously fake and tacky at times which can be a bit off- putting but this is very brief. The night sequences are over the top and unrealistic but are beautiful and do somehow suit the film – Ang Lee has done well in creating the setting.Overall, this is an excellent film which is sure to do well at the Oscars. It's not really similar to any of Ang Lee's other works but it is a great film to watch and is expertly made. Unfortunately, I hadn't read the book so I can't tell if it is any better but, from what I do know about the book, I think this film tries to stay as close to it as possible.

Once, many thought that Life of Pi, based upon the novel by Yann Martel, was unfilmmable. But I guess it takes a special someone with much imagination and gusto to tackle it head on, dealing with three aspects many filmmakers would largely and automatically shy away from - children, animals and plenty of water - and delivering one riveting picture that's as visually arresting as it is dramatically challenging in its tale of fantasy, religion, philosophy and life.In what would essentially be a one man show for the most parts, almost akin to Robert Zemeckis' Cast Away starring Tom Hanks in terms of a tale on the human spirit, Ang Lee didn't have the luxury of a world renowned actor at his side delivering soliloquy after soliloquy, but had the luxury of improved technology to assist in his cause. And technology this time helped to transform this story into what it was, especially when it came to dealing with animals, having to weaken a Bengali tiger over a period of time, as well as to shoot scenes of nature and the food chain, which in normal circumstances would be almost impossible to create and control.Life of Pi is what it is, with Piscine Molitor Patel, or Pi for short, with an extended little sub-arc to tell of his creation of the nickname, now an adult (Irrfan Khan), and telling his remarkable tale of shipwreck and survival in his family's uprooting from India toward Canada in search of a new life outside of the own they know of, which involved a zoo. But as it turns out, the Japanese vessel they are travelling in sank during a storm encountered while in the Miranda Trench, and the few survivors turned out to be Pi (Suraj Sharma), a zebra, an orang-utan, a hyena and finally, one of the earth's most dangerous predators, the tiger nicknamed Richard Parker.Much of the narrative then deals with man versus animal, man versus nature and the elements, and Pi's survival while having to deal with a predator at his doorstep. In Cast Away, Tom Hanks has Wilson to interact with, while here it's a battle between Pi and Richard Parker, which one can allude or metaphors as a battle within oneself for necessities and wants, and the picking up of essential skills to survive. One took us on a slice of life trip on a deserted island, while this one takes us on a slice of life trip drifting along in the vast waters of the Pacific Ocean, amongst what would be one of the last frontiers on the planet.And this is opportunity for plenty of gorgeous, hyper imagery and visuals, that makes it a technological wet dream to deploy the kind of firepower money can buy for a movie. There's 3D technology, IMAX with its different aspect ratios that creep in during stylized sequences, and Claudio Miranda's cinematography exploiting what's best to bring about plenty of exquisitely crafted, postcard picturesque landscapes and waterscapes that will leave one astounded as these effectively augment the themes of the story, especially dealing with nature, bearing witness to both the tranquility and the ferocity that it can bring.What made it a lot admirable, is that Ang Lee decided to stick to his guns and cast a group of relative unknowns, and handing over the lead role to a new actor Suraj Sharma, who repaid the director's faith manifold. It demonstrates the leap of faith the director had to undertake, mirroring the same leap of faith Pi had in committing his survival to higher powers, doing the best with what he has at his disposal, with circumstances and outcome for someone higher up to decide. Suraj Sharma holds his own and doesn't look overawed, or too raw for a role that deals with a coming of spiritual age of sorts, and I won't be surprised if this film provides that career boost along the same lines as Dev Patel's of Slumdog Millionaire.Those who have read the book will know of a second story arc that provides the crux of most post-viewing discussion, allowing points to be made in support of, or against each version being told by Pi. What I thought interesting was how either could be truth, and it says a lot about what us humans would like to hear - only the good stuff, and that in which we can process or accept, and is more palatable for various reasons, versus something that requires a huge dose of faith and belief from the storyteller. In light of what we cannot verify, this theme turns Life of Pi into something of a religious debate, especially since Pi himself is something of a religion connoisseur, dabbling in many and yet being the master of none.Still, if that doesn't really appeal to you, then Ang Lee's story-telling craft of Yann Martel's fantasy will, of a remarkable trip across an ocean, filled with sadness, despair, yet about survival and hope, complete with stunning visuals that will keep you mesmerized for the most parts, about a boy, a tiger, and the life boat they find themselves sharing under extraordinary circumstances. A definite recommendation, and would probably be shortlisted as one of my favourites of the year!

In a manner somewhat similar to the recent adaptation of David Mitchell's 'Cloud Atlas', 'Life of Pi' shouldn't work. Based on the award-winning and widely-lauded 2001 novel of the same name by Yann Martel, it chronicles the life-changing maritime adventure of a young Indian boy humorously named Piscine or "Pi" for short, who after a surviving the sinking of a ship, ends up on a lifeboat, with a hyena, an orang-utan, a zebra and of course, a large Bengal tiger called Richard Parker (a moniker that came about wittily). Consequently, the book came to considered 'unfilmmable' (and for just cause), yet the world of cinema's interest in Martel's wonderful novel remained undying and after much development the proposed adaptation eventually landed at the feet of the excellent Ang Lee. Despite Lee's having proved himself to be a director of considerable talent, with superb offerings like 'The Ice Storm' and 'Brokeback Storm', themselves both adaptations, it was doubtful whether or not the much-loved novel would translate successfully to the big screen. Many other accomplished directors have failed to capture similarly ambitious novels in film form, such as David Lynch's folly that was 'Dune'. Any worry has turned out to be unnecessary though as the Taiwanese filmmaker has delivered a beautiful and moving film that is easily one of his finest works yet. There's no denying that 'Life of Pi' is filled with visual beauty, as in teaming up with DoP Claudio Miranda, Lee has utilised the film's ocean setting like an impressionistic artist to a blank canvas. Even though it is a scene that has done the rounds in the film's trailers, the night- set scene where the whale leaps out of the water is a thing of breathtaking majesty. Similarly, there are numerous moments that are nothing short of gorgeous in a way that could see even Terrence Malick become envious. Adding to this, the use of CGI is one of the most remarkable in recent years, exemplified with the meticulous detail put into Richard Parker, which renders him a significant achievement in CGI, as it becomes rather difficult to tell when the tiger is real or not.Yet, it's worth noting that this is a film that resonates on an emotional level as well as a technical. From the moment proceedings kicked off, I was engrossed in Pi's story, with its smooth fluidity, whether I was looking at Irrfan Khan or Suraj Sharma. The latter, a first time actor, delivers a great and at times subtle performance as the titular character, consistently helping me to engage with Pi and ultimately, like him. Even as he was simply sitting upon a raft in silence, I still couldn't help but find myself enthralled in the journey he had (unwillingly) embarked on.'Life of Pi' is a wonderful film, bursting with imagination and in love with the possibilities of storytelling, which sees Ang Lee wield 3-D expertly, forgoing the usual gimmicky 'things leaping out of the screen' and instead adding more depth and texture to the colourful cinematography. It's not just a technical marvel, but a true wonder all round, because the fact that Martel's novel actually works (rather well, at that) as a film is quite a miracle, and for Ang Lee should applauded.

I went into Life of Pi not knowing anything about it. I'd seen trailers, and assumed it was a "Jungle Book on Water" sort of story. The trailers don't really do it justice as far as conveying what sort of story it is. It's a truly memorable film.A young boy, Pi, on his way to Canada with his family and their animals from their zoo, is shipwrecked and left stranded in the middle of the ocean on a boat with nothing but a Bengal Tiger to keep him company. But, unlike the Jungle Book, where you'd imagine the boy and the tiger become best friends and head off on an exciting adventure together, this story remains anchored in realism. This tiger is an actual tiger, which tends to want to maul and eat animals, including our protagonist, and there is a very effective scene early on that establishes this premise.The story becomes a tale of how the two manage to survive in close proximity with each other, each knowing the other wants to survive, and each knowing that, somehow, survival is dependent on the other. And as the final scenes start to show, the metaphor behind the scenario is deep and thought-provoking. Questions of religion, faith, humanity and the soul are raised, and you'll leave the cinema having experienced a pretty thought-provoking film.Suraj Sharma has to carry the film, as he and his CGI (for the most part) tiger are the only two characters on screen for most of the 2+ hours, echoing shades of Cast Away. And Sharma does a terrific job for a young and relatively unheard of actor. Ang Lee certainly brings out the best in his performance, and the effects on the tiger are sensational. You know he must be a CGI creation, simply for safety and practicality reasons, but you truly can't tell at times whether its one of the few scenes that has an actual tiger in it. It goes to show how far CGI has come.It's a visually stunning film, and its cinematography certainly adds to the story, rather than just provide a platform. Lee has always been good at using the surroundings to bring a story to life, and whilst sometimes, it maybe feels a little too pushed (the whale scene, whilst stunning, seems a little over the top), it's still wonderfully done. I didn't even find the 3D effects distracting.I would be surprised if this won any Oscars, simply cause it's maybe not the sort of film that would lead to any sort of wins, except maybe in the visual effects field, but its still certainly a terrific movie to take in. I suspect reading the book may give further meaning to the film's themes, but there are plenty there already to deal with.

Ang Lee's 3D VFX film adaptation of Yann Martel's 2001 award-winning book of the same name, "Life of Pi", is such an amazing film with stunning artwork. Sitting in the cinema last night with friends, it was quite a jaw-dropping experience. I've got to say this would be impossible to do with real animals. Richard Parker, the Bengal tiger, if he was real, not CGI, would have not been easy on set. The way they animate the tiger and background is incredible. Whenever I saw a clean shot of the boat (that Pi and Parker sail in) and the sinking ship, it reminds me of the look of the animation they do in Spielberg's Tintin.Pi's life is told in three stages: childhood, teenage life and adult. The adult stage is quite emotional. The story is delivered by adult Pi (Irrfan Khan) retelling the story about his unbelievable past life to a writer (Rafe Spall, Prometheus). Pi's childhood (portrayed by Gautam Belur, age 5 and Ayush Tandun, age 13) starts with him being bullied at school because of his unusual name, which then he shortens, but still causes teasing. He soon begins to become interested with different religions which causes some amusement. His father owns a zoo and he teaches Pi how to take care of the animals. These lessons Pi's been taught helps him later on in his life. The teenage Pi's life (portrayed by Suraj Sharma) begins his perilous journey when sailing on a ship moving to Canada, when his family agree to move from India. On the way, Pi and the ship encounter a heavy storm which ends up sinking the ship and him ending up on a lifeboat, becoming the only (human) survivor. While lost at sea with no hope, he discovers that a tiger (Richard Parker) has come aboard. Although he knows the tiger wants to kill him, he eventually works out a way to control him. Thinking about Parker, he reminds me a little bit of Aslan from C.S. Lewis' Narnia series; when he walks and roars and uses tiger facial expressions, but not when he attacks. He's a lot fiercer than Aslan, who is more calm and friendly.For Suraj Sharma (teenage Pi), this is his first ever acting debut in film and already he's received his very first Bafta nomination for the Orange Rising Star Award category (and that's what I think he deserves). He brings a touching and rewarding performance as Pi, I think he's the perfect choice for the role. It's special effects and 3D are fantastic. Whenever you see the animals and human extras, you even wonder if their completely CGI. Of course whenever I saw Richard Parker I knew it was going to be computer-generated, but I've just learnt that four real tigers were used in some shots. and you still can't tell which is which. It would have been completely impossible to film right out at sea, so thanks to computer-generated imagery, it couldn't be easier. The 3D effects are incredible (like Martin Scorsese's Hugo but in a different way). This isn't a gimmick. No. These are unlike the other 3D films we see today in which 3D is sometimes unnecessary. Lee (I think) uses 3D almost like they use it on 3D wildlife channels on 3D TV. In this film the animals look as real as on a wildlife programme. You wonder how they manage it, and that's what gives the film an amazing look. At one point it feels like the sea will spill into the cinema. You'd be amazed. Life of Pi is a film that should be seen in 3D to experience the special effects. It isn't the best film I've ever seen but I still think it's spectacular. A must-see!

I liked this movie for many different reasons. The first is because of the amazing special effects. I didn't even see the film in 3D and I was still amazed by the magical scenes created. They felt like you could actually be there, experiencing them as Pi is. Another reason I really enjoyed this movie was because of how deeply it digs into and explores the heart and soul of the character of Pi. This amazing young actor does a great job of portraying the raw emotions of one trapped at sea. It is believable, entertaining, and understandable all at the same time. Its almost like a character study wrapped up with a visually spectacular adventure. It is one of the must-see movies of 2012. Do yourself a favor and take the time to really enjoy this great movie.

It's the one of two best IMAX 3D movie I've ever seen(the other one is AVATAR). I really think IMAX should take a serious consideration to use this film's clip as the demo tape. Not to mention the various meaning behind this film the reviews here said it about 100 times. I found one of the interesting part of this film is too see how the 3D effect can be used in a drama movie to tell a story, not just for those special-effect-kind film. Plus the sound editing and mixing is also well above the standard and cinematography is a lock in many awards. Ang Lee is known to bring out the best from new actors ,Ziyi Zhang of CTHD,Wei Tang of Si Jie, and Suraj Sharma of this one. They all deliver award-winning performance in their first international big screen role.I plan to see it again in IMAX 3D while it's still showing there, and I highly recommended anyone go to feel the real power of IMAX 3D if you haven't done so.

A sad, violent and cruel story disguised as a fairy tale about a kid taming a tiger at sea. In Ang Lee's hands the book-to-film adaptation was thankfully not turned into something of a young Robinson Crusoe or a love story between a volleyball and a fat Hanks. At the same time none of the magical realism "feel" of the novel was lost in the adaptation / visual interpretation. Eventually the very bloody message of the story (humans are essentially beasts, we create religion or hallucinate about faith to help ourselves forgetting our bestial nature) was impressively preserved without the need to show almost any gore. Most importantly, the very sensitive topic of the conflicts and dependency of faith, religions, science and nature was beautifully narrated in the movie. The technicality demonstrated in Life Of Pi is everything on a magnificent, grandeur scale, yet at the same time the technicality does not over-shine Lee's nature as an intellectual – his yearning and pursuit for purity and beauty.I remember coming across a film review that called Lee's Life Of Pi "preachy", which seems to echo quite a few reviews on the book. Whoever said that, in my opinion, made a very basic mistake in understanding the purpose of the story. Both Martel's novel and Magee's script, not only never attempted to coax people to flock to religion or faith, but also put a rather nasty joke on religion and its forms. Yet at the same time in the end the protagonist of the story was able to maintain his faith, despite having some not-so-mild-natured joke cast onto his religions. "Preachy"? Please. This looks more like a sacrilegious story to me.When I read the book, one of the things that impressed me the most was that Pi never for once cursed, sworn or truly lost it while drifting at sea, amidst all his suffering and misery. My guess is that reverence and hope never really left him, and that, is probably the true distinction between having a faith and not having one. Lee gave this rare, controlled and optimistic narration a beautiful stretch in his film – Pi had a happy ending by textbook definition. In the end, some might think of Lee as some semi-delusional intellect with wishful thinking, he is probably more willing to believe in the deity and beauty in human nature instead of looking into our bestial instincts. Or maybe, he is like the Indian girl in the film dancing Bharatanatyam – there is a blossoming lotus flower hidden somewhere in his heart.I am far more pessimistic than he is. I am constantly on guard in case my Richard Parker ambushes me and tears me into pieces, although I also know, there is probably still a lotus flower hidden somewhere in my heart.

World is a zoo bearing many species of the life where each individual witnesses the minds and souls of others which actually represents the universal truth. Opening with the soothing voice the Indian classical music of Bombay Jayashree gives us the calmness that exists in the blue planet. The takeover of the story slowly grabs the impetus in the traditional method of the Irfan khan recollecting the olden days as though inculcating the thought process of mind which always moves back either into the history or toggles into the future and never stays in the present. The years of 1950's of newly born India's is well thought of to be a subject matter. The story giving a philosophical glimpse starts with Lord Krishna who symbolizes the ultimate bliss of life throughout his journey of life, by a way of circumscribing the entire Universe in his tiny little mouth is a valid way of representing the Pi responding to it while his brother doesn't. The interests of pi and his brother are varied throughout the movie. The hunger for knowledge awakened the pi while his brother was attracted by the fantasies of the world, cleanly represented by the holy water in the church. The senses of hearing of Allah did not affect Ravi but the listening Allah touched the ears of Pi. The concept of Absurdity is also meaningfully taken into the story by the introduction of Albert Camus to the pi. The worldly fascination doesn't give the "Anand(i)" is very well depicted in the movie. The concentration of the fact of Darwin's theory of "struggle for existence" is shown at every step of the movie such as his father's business mind where he thinks to move to Canada, and also by the fact in the life boat where at the point where he kills the fishes to feed himself and the fierce Richard parker. The conflict in the mind about the killing of the fishes (other species) for the one's own survival on this planet is the lively truths of past, present and the futuristic tendencies of the world. The colors about the godly islands which shall mark the origin of the all the energy which starts with the birth of cold and healthy water lakes along the sunrise and dawns with the water being acidic in nature turning wild to end the life of many species also seems relevant to life. The realization of the nature's thunder storm-god paradox is brought evidently to depict the curiosity (JIGNYASA) to know the world, one self and God .The simile of Tiger to that of the soul of the pi is very interesting. Life is a journey of the body and the soul in this planet to evolve or reach a destined destination. On finishing the journey body shall cry for the loss of the soul, nevertheless the soul is liberated without even bidding the good bye, becomes one with the universal eternal energy. The tiger which represents the depth of the pi, departs without any hesitation deep into the forests brings the end of the 25 years story in 3 hours. The making of the movie and the 3d effects and photography has really made it worth the golden statues. The editing and the Foley have made it supportive to the great Oscars.

The trailers I saw for Life of Pi did nothing to explain what the movie was at all and I had not read the book nor heard of it. But I decided to give it a try. I don't like 3D, never have, it's always unimpressive. Well guess what? Ang Lee did it. I saw this in 3D and it literally is the first 3D film that made me go WOW!! The visuals are just absolutely amazing, some of the best effects I have ever seen. Fortunately this is not where the films ends it impressive streak. The story is just lovely, riveting, and so emotionally and spiritually deep. A philosophy class could talk about this movie for an entire year and still have more to say. The film doesn't even begin to try to give you a philosophy or way of life but rather is all about exploring the world and exploring the philosophies of life. As a lover of animals you will look for how all the animals in the film play a role but there are truly just animals and important lessons are learned through them. It was perhaps one of the most symbolic and deeply philosophical films I have ever seen and because of that it was incredibly entertaining and beautifully shot.While a few actors play Pi throughout various stages of his life, only one leaves an indelible and brilliant impression. Suraj Sharma at least deserves an Oscar nomination for making you feel so connected to him and displaying a brilliant display of courage and depth to his character. While he doesn't get as much screen time Irrfan Khan puts incredible emotion into his performance as adult Pi. Both Sharma and Khan bring to life a great adventurer and philosopher in the form of Pi. The supporting cast performs their parts perfectly. No one person really stands out because their goal it to get Pi into his adventure but they are still great. Adil Hussain and and Tabu are particularly good as Pi's parents.Ang Lee without a doubt must receive an Oscar nod for this film. The cinematography, the special effects, and most importantly the use of those special effects are nothing short of revolutionary. The animals are so brilliantly done and the character of the tiger (Richard Parker...love how he got his name too) is so vital to the entire story and by the time the film ends you will ache for the tiger as much as Pi does so you will feel his emotions. The film won't be for everyone. Certainly its just too intense for children with a lot of animal deaths and I can see the mainstream movie goers accusing it of being "slow" or "boring" but for anyone looking for something unique and outstanding, Life of Pi is it. I hope the critics feel the same way because this one is a home run in my books!! 9/10

Everybody has their own version of the truth, and the way we frame our own stories may have a great deal to do with a higher level of consciousness for which we all strive. Such is the gist of Yann Martel's 2001 bestseller which is the basis of this visually stunning 2012 adventure drama helmed by Ang Lee ("Brokeback Mountain"). I read the book several years ago and remember thinking it would make a great animated film by someone as creative as Hayao Miyazaki ("Howl's Moving Castle"). CGI, however, has evolved so dramatically in the past decade that the story can be now inhabited by real actors and awash in gorgeous abstraction that melds the fantastical with the intimate quite seamlessly. Shot mostly in a giant tank in Taiwan as well as on location in India, this movie is a unique example of how technology's endless possibilities can well serve an allegorical story focused on human survival and our own individual coping mechanisms.Adapted by David Magee ("Finding Neverland"), the story is framed by an interview in Montreal between a Canadian writer, a fictionalized version of Martel, and an unassuming middle-aged man named Pi. The first part of the film is a flashback set in a family-run zoo in Pondicherry, a bucolic former French colony in southern India. The central protagonist is Pi as a child whose sternly sensible father runs the zoo. We learn the origins of Pi's unusual name as it relates to an impossibly pristine pool in which his uncle swam in Paris. At once, you get a sense of the importance of both water and mathematics in Pi's early life as well as his unfiltered concept of religion. In Pi's fertile mind, which religion is a moot point as he adopts Hinduism, Christianity and Islam concurrently and despite his family's resistance. A life-endangering confrontation with a Bengal tiger under their care proves to be a turning point for Pi as he is warned by his supportive family to stay away from it. Later economic hardship prompts his father to decide to move to Canada where he plans to sell the animals.The stormy journey by freighter turns tragic around the Mariana Trench where the now-teenaged Pi finds himself on a lifeboat with an unlikely menagerie in tow. The party eventually dwindles down to two, and this is where Lee imbues the film with a surreal spirit befitting the tale as we watch the seemingly incredulous situation of Pi co-existing on the lifeboat with the same tiger we saw in his childhood encounter. Dubbed Richard Parker due to a previous mix-up in paperwork, the tiger is integral to a series of eye-catching episodes that involves flying fish pelting them with force, a plethora of glowing jellyfish at night, a breaching whale nearly capsizing the boat, a disastrous storm that carries them to the brink, and a bizarrely florid island overrun with carnivorous plants and curious meerkats. None of these episodes will surprise readers of the book, but the execution is enthralling thanks to the masterful work of Chilean cinematographer Claudio Miranda ("The Curious Case of Benjamin Button") and the visual effects generated by the Rhythm & Hues Studios.Similarities to Robert Zemeckis' "Cast Away" and Alfred Hitchcock's "Lifeboat" are probably not without intention on Lee's part, but this movie manages to hold its own. My one complaint about the film comes toward the end when things are spelled out a bit too deliberately considering how symbolic the story has been expressed up to that point. Pi is played by four actors depicting the character at different ages. Suraj Sharma effectively portrays Pi during the challenging lifeboat sequence and obviously makes the strongest impression, but Gautam Belur and Ayush Tandon are also affecting in conveying Pi's evolving psyche during his tender childhood years. Irrfan Khan ("The Namesake") plays Pi in the present with his becalming demeanor seemingly at odds with the incredulous story he tells Martel. Khan's movie wife from "The Namesake", Tabu, shows up as Pi's understanding mother, and Gérard Depardieu appears inexplicably in a cameo as the freighter ship's nasty cook. Rafe Spall ("One Day") plays Martel in a rather nondescript manner. It's not a perfect film, but many of the sumptuous images will likely stick with you for a long while afterward.

This movie took me by surprise. I thought it was just about a young boy and a Bengal tiger trying to survive on a small boat. But it was much more than that, for it conjured up thoughts, spiritually, visually, and intellectually. The actors were amazing and so, the Director Ang Lee. If you do see it, try and catch the 3D showing featuring the largest BTX screen/ multi-channel surround sound. I'm positive it would still be satisfying without those perks, but you will enjoy it much, much, more because it brings you into the location physically. I almost got seasick watching it because the huge screen was so, all encompassing. This movie features an all-Indian cast with acting skills displayed beyond the norm. Everything was so natural, as if no script was ever written. Spontaneity abounded throughout the film. The only negative: the theater turned up the sound too loud.

This is probably the best film of 2012, emotionally and engaging-wise. It tells the story so well, great characters, a strong chemistry between the boy and the tiger. It's just an overall perfect perfect movies. Barely any flaws at all. The most visually stunning movie of the year. My only "flaw" with the film would probably be pi's relationship with his crush. I mean, she isn't a horrible actress or anything, but I felt it could've just been a little bit stronger and more developed. Oh well. Besides that, Life of Pi is just a flawless film, save for the romance. The runners up would probably be Moonrise kingdom, The dark knight rises, Argo, and The avengers. those films are just as equally great but whenever someone points a gun at my head and asks me what the best film of 2012 is, I would have to say Life of Pi. final score: 10/10

I watched the movie 'Life of Pi' today, it was fascinating. I was not able to think while the movie was playing because the incredible imagery continuously running in front of me, didn't provide me with the sufficient time to think. Yes, the book says that he was stranded in the sea for 277 days, well, the movie showed this extent of 277 days in less than 2 hours. Though, the story is fictional (yeahh! I know it says that this is based on a true story), so imagination has a greater scope. But, in the second attempt of his story, he implies that he was the tiger who ate the co-passengers in his life-boat, including his mother, the cook and whosoever he states were with them. Even in the first scene, where the hyena attacked the zebra and the orangutan, it angered Pi. Pi rose to attack it and suddenly, a Tiger catapulted itself to the open and attacked it. This may symbolize that the tiger in Pi rose to life at that moment. Well, remember what Pi's father had told him when for the first time he made an attempt to feed flesh to the tiger. Can't remember the quote word-to-word, but it did mention that you can see your emotions in the eyes of the tiger. Blah! The child (Pi, of course), who has digested 3 religions at once could also assimilate the very notion that 'the reflection-of-emotions' can be vice verse i.e., the tiger's emotions could reflect within him too (Read this line twice to make better sense of it).Next, it killed and ate the hyena first. As that was the time when he was experimenting with new meat, he tried the human flesh (as they were dead). Please note, 277 days! So, he ate his mother and then the cook (don't remember the other character he mentioned though). So here we see, that Pi became cannibalistic. Later on, he hunted fish and ate them for the next few days. I was not able to think all this when the movie was running because the scenes were running so fast, that, I hardly got the time to digest any of it. That is why Hollywood (I dono under what category this movie comes under) movies seem believable, because, it doesn't give you the time to think.The visit to the Carnivore Island was the best part of the movie for me, just for its sheer representation of multiple symbolism. One thing I noticed was that it characterized Lord Vishnu, who is sleeping in the ocean on Anantha (the poisonous snake). The very reason that the roots of the trees were entangled and looked as though it was crawling represented this very notion of the snake. The image over all, looked like a person sleeping - Lord Vishnu. It represented his form (the island) to be the life-giver in the morning (when the Lord must be sleeping), while at night, the island becomes acidic and kills all life forms on it, the Lord is asleep then, the poisonous snake feature is activated. So, this must be one of the crazy ideas behind this (and yes, I appreciate it). Well, heard a myth that the Tirumala hills which has the Tirupathi temple in its abode, which is in Andhra Pradesh, India. This temple has 7 hills surrounding it. Some amazing person found the shape of the hill to be the shape of the Tirupathi Venkateshwara's face. You can have a look at the picha (in the link below). The Carnivorous island has a similar concept as that of the pic of the hills. Well, there is a saying/belief that one day, all the wild (carnivorous) animals would come down this hill and attack humans. This will happen when the Lord would wake up. Don't worry it is a saying.The very reason Pi-fellow could come up with such a fascinating story is because, he has read 3 religious texts and understood the best way to narrate a thing that could sound realistic and yet exploit the reader/viewer's brain. This maybe the link with his interest with the religious text, and the dichotomy of being a cannibal.While watching the movie it made me feel that Pi is so heroic and he had survived it all. But, now I feel bitter for his act of cannibalism. His lies/truth... blah! it is a fiction. No need to ponder anymore. Well, I loved the movie and I will be watching it again. *giggles*

This is a movie full of inspiration and human survival instincts along with ample dose of emotions and Pi's affection for the beautiful Bengal tiger.Although you want to believe that animals do have feelings but this movie correctly portrays that animals only have instincts not feelings.It also makes us sad to think that they may not feel the love we want them to feel and also do not reciprocate it.That is the saddest part of the movie for me...when Pi's expect some kind of gesture from the tiger but the tiger just disappears into the jungle.But then again we must also be happy since the true home of the tiger is the jungle and he is happiest there.Also this movie shows the amazing human brains and how Pi's uses different skills to survive.I do not want to reveal the entire story but this is A must watch for every person of every age.

Life of Pi is stunning, beautiful, and philosophical with a tantalizing lack of absolute resolution. The movie is a visual masterpiece. I gasped at many of the images contained within it. (See it on a big screen.) I know the Pi contains a mix of digital artistry and live action, but, for the life of me, I could not see the seams between them.The only problem I had with the film was that I had difficulty understanding the accented English at times. This decreased as the story progresses and I grew more accustomed to the Indian cadence. Speaking of India, Life of Pi gives a vision of an India that I had never pictured.What I believed would be the ending of a bittersweet story was turned on end by a late twist artfully introduced to remove any hint of contrivance. It was impossible to have dry eyes by the end of Life of Pi, and the last few minutes of the film will have me thinking about it for months or years or maybe the rest of my life.This movie has my vote for best picture of the year as well as a half-dozen other awards.

I cannot overpower my very own purist's paranoia, I watched this film in theater a few days earlier in dubbed Italian (my Italian level is so-so), I could not reckon that any film has been officially "viewed" until I have watched it in its original form, so thanks to the latest BluRay copy, finally I am able to hail LIFE OF PI as my current favorite film of 2012! Although the film literally is the biggest Oscar winner this year (4 wins out of 11 nominations) and Ang Lee now is up among the pre-eminent echelon of a multi-times BEST DIRECTOR winner, the unfulfilled appreciation (from the prim Academy) still seethes inside, the BEST PICTURE/BEST DIRECTOR division has stuck Ang Lee and his teams twice is unprecedentedly jaundiced. Back to the film itself, I am pretty oblivious to Yann Martel's source novel, but Ang Lee and his crew has deserved every single accolade because the outcome is simply astounding and mind-blowing, from the exotic Indian zoo, the palette of liveliness and quietude seeps directly to viewer's mind curves, then, the visual stunts take over, the minutiae are constructed into an inconceivable kaleidoscope of sea survival (ship-wrecking, heaven-like sea surface, carnivore island).The allegorical storyline which can be laconically recapitulated as "the story between a boy and a Bengal tiger floating on the sea", also goes beyond one's mundane imagination, the liaison between Pi and Richard Parker the tiger has gone through a minute incubation-to- transition cliffhanger (technically it is not a cliffhanger since we all know the ending beforehand, but the two-hander just conjures magic spell upon us, which is mesmerizing, eye-popping and heart-warming), with the brilliant first-time actor Suraj Sharma interacting viscerally with the green screen (an almost entirely CGI-germinated tiger heralds the auspicious retirement of all the animal cast, as long as money continues investing, leave those poor animals in peace and so are the ever-engaging animal activist). Both Suraj and Irrfan Khan (the adult Pi) deserve more recognition from their meticulous and soul-searching performances. Being an agnostic, Pi's eclectic belief in all disparate religions doesn't register enough contention to me, and also it is claimed to be "a story could make one believe in God", the film is marvelous in keeping its ambivalence so determined that either of the interpretation could find its recipients piously and without arousing any palpable repulsion even we all know how parochial people could react as far as "religions"is concerned. The film is a flawless eye-candy and soul-remedy, multiple viewings are highly- recommended, it is a conscientious masterstroke to corroborate Ang Lee's versatility in mastering his universe of filmmaking (no genre boundary at all), commixed his oriental philosophy with western first-class craftsmanship and esprit de corps, Ang Lee can swagger further on the path of a true auteur, not only among his peers, even for a holistic view in the film history, his trail can be indelible.

Live of Pi was so bad that I'm at a loss as to how to review it. Here's a list of a few things that were wrong with this production.The way the story was told (as a flashback over dinner) could not have been more boring.Filling the blackboard at school with digits added absolutely nothing to the story line and seemed like an afterthought.All scenes with animals looked totally fake, including Pi's initial interactions with the tiger.Pi's behavior on the boat deck during the storm made no sense and seemed like an LSD trip.None of Pi's actions on the raft made any sense. It seemed as if he did everything he possibly could to ensure that he would not survive.Nothing about the island made any sense.In summary, it is as if everyone involved with this movie from start to finish was on drugs the entire time. There's really no other plausible explanation as to how something so bad could have ever seen the light of day.

Astounding movie experience!! Gripping story line that keeps you involved, and at the same time is simple and thought provoking. You start becoming / living the life of Pi as the film progresses and that is the real achievement of the movie. You are not a passive movie audience anymore.Most of you may not be aware, but "Life of Pi" is loosely based on the TRUE STORY of a person who survived a shipwreck along with a Jaguar. Yann Martel's 2001 Book "Life of Pi" on which the movie is based upon was in-turn based on Moacyr Scliar's 1981 novella "Max and the Cats", which in-turn was based on a true story.The quality of the 3D graphics are so real that few scenes may scare the children, but this is too good a movie to skip just because of this fact. Watch it, and then watch it again. This movie may well end up becoming one of your Top10 movies of all time.Simply great!! Two thumbs and two toes up :-)

After his ship is hit by a storm, a young Indian man finds himself adrift on a boat with a tiger. The cinematography is so dazzling that Lee won an Oscar for this, one of the few instances where a director has won without the film winning Best Picture. Unfortunately, Lee is better with the special effects than with the actors, whose performances are uneven at best. While the movie looks great, like pretty postcards, the script, based on a popular novel, is too weak to sustain interest. The story, disjointed and somewhat clumsily structured with flashbacks, is fantastic and nonsensical, and ultimately pointless. The characters are meant to be wise and worldly but come across as shallow caricatures.

I just finished watching the movie Life of Pi, no words can really surmount to the story and moral of the movie.From the very moment the movie started there was a few downs and as the movie progresses on, you'll find yourself hooked into a movie worthy of standing ovations and a whole cinema in applause. Pi, whose origins roots to India, is a the sole survivor of a Japanese cargo shipwrecked, the reason of the shipwreck is unknown in the story however, it is already seen in the very beginning if viewers were paying attention.So as Pi survived, along with him a Orangutan named Orange Juice, a Hyena named Hari, an unnamed Zebra, and his companion through out the whole story a Tiger named Richard Parker. The other three animals die of hunger and feud and so leaving Richard and Pi together. Pi teaches Richard to become submissive and obedient to him through a series of struggles and eventually they both survived in the end, although, what happened to Richard is unknown whether he lived on after reaching the Mexican shore is for our imagination to work its wonders.Even though, most would probably choose the second version of the story that Pi told the Japanese investigators and its convincing for humans I'd prefer the original story that Pi overcame.Overall, the movie is jaw dropping, the cinematography is very well done, the story...ORIGINAL! No words can really express the lesson in the movie, survival, friendship/taming tigers, above all faith in God.How about you, "Which story do you prefer?"

Life of Pi is a story about a young Indian boy who survives a shipwreck with a Bengal tiger. If that doesn't perk your interest, I'm not too sure what will. This film is a proper adventure story with storytelling that takes you on a journey in a way that I've not experienced in awhile. And boy how it has been translated to visual form is breathtaking. No surprises at all at the cinematography, directing and visual Oscars it's won with the best animation I have ever seen. I can honestly say that in almost no scene was any animation apparent and that just immersed me more into the adventure.Suraj Sharma does a brilliant job as the shipwrecked Pi, and Irrfan Khan plays an understated but equally charming adult Pi. The tiger, Richard Parker, forms a bond with the viewer that creeps up on you, and by the end I was hoping for it's survival as much as for Pi's. For something that spends the majority of the film as an animation, I thought that was fantastic. Perhaps the only con is the religion angle that some may not appreciate. However, I found it was just a facet of the plot and I had no problems with it.I'm going to put myself on the chopping block and say this is one of the most complete films I've seen in a long time. Charming plot, perfectly cast, with a big enough budget to bring it to life visually. I will also say, that I believe this deserved the best picture Oscar. A must watch.

A young man (Suraj Sharma) who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger (Richard Parker). Let me first say that I am glad that M. Night Shyamalan did not end up directing this film. Could he have made it successful? Possibly. But, he does have a stigma attached to him that Ang Lee does not have. Lee may not be a critically-heralded director, but he is not a running joke, either. And after this film, he may start getting more offers.Lee says in making this film, he had to "disguise a philosophical book as an adventure story". Although I have not read the book, this sounds spot on. The concepts presented are certainly religious, or at least spiritual, and there is always the feeling that there is more going on than the parts we can see with our eyes.Roger Ebert called the film "a miraculous achievement of storytelling and a landmark of visual mastery". I will grant that it was excellent storytelling, and would need at least two viewings to fully appreciate. The visual mastery is a bit harder for me to get behind. Some of the visuals are spectacular, while others I felt never quite seemed real enough. Technology has come a long way, but I still know a fake tiger when I see one.The story works great, and carries itself in three stages. (Here is where the spoilers start, so stop now if you have not seen it.)The first stage is the overt religious and spiritual stage. Once we get past the jokes about "Piscine Patel", we see a brief exploration of Hinduism, Christianity and Islam. Certainly nothing thorough, but we get the idea of how we can approach the world seeing one god as many, or many gods as one, and not find it to be contradictory. If the film is going to convince us to believe in God, we have to join him on this quest. (I suspect it goes deeper in the book.)The second stage is during the days at sea. We have the reference to Richard Parker, here a name for a tiger but also the name of a classic shipwrecked sailor. In some ways, the story here parallels that of the real-life sailor and the Parker from the Edgar Allen Poe story. We also have the introduction of "Tsimtsum". I did not know the term while watching the movie, but felt it must have been important. (Why a Japanese ship had a Hebrew name is anyone's guess.) I now know it is a Kabbalah term about God's being simultaneously transcendent and within the world. A concept that is both contradictory and necessary. It also explains how Pi survives...The third stage is the last few minutes, when we hear the parallel story about the cannibalistic cook. Is this the real story? Is it a metaphor for the other story, which was actually the true story? Is either one true? And ultimately, does it matter? Here, after we are immersed in faith for two hours, we are left to decide: which is the true story, and does it matter which? (With Pi the only survivor, any story he creates will be the only story that will be recorded as the true story -- he has essentially created his own world.)

I was already a big fan of Ang Lee before seeing this film, so I expected greatness, but it truly exceeded my expectations. I was blown away by the visual aspect, let alone the acting.I've read so many complaints about the CGI Richard Parker, but never have I seen a fake tiger look so real. The one part in the film that really pulled on my heart strings was when Richard Parker was in the water for hours. His facial expressions were so realistic and believable. Clearly the people making these complaints have never sat down and watched the Nat Geo Wild channel, if they had they would understand that Lee really did his research on Bengal tigers, because he got the characteristics and traits down to a tee.Pi. What a character, old and young. I remember seeing Irrfan Khan in one of my favorite films, New York, I Love You. He's such a likable character. I genuinely would believe anything that came out of his mouth if I met him. He and Suraj Sharma seemed so alike throughout the story telling. Sharma acted brilliantly with Richard Parker. Lee made sure that it wasn't an obvious love between Pi and Richard Parker, but instead a mutual respect. This feeling continued throughout the film, right to the end when Richard Parker didn't turn around. It was completely understandable on Richard Parkers part. Lee kept the element of realness, even though the whole story is so hard to believe.Life of Pi is the first time I've seen Suraj Sharma, and he really won me over. The way his character survives is so smart yet so simple. He uses his brain, and he was the perfect film character to the book character.Lastly, I MUST comment on the colors. Everything was so clear, so vivid. Every shot was like a stunning piece of art. I can't remember the last time I saw a film that left me in awe purely because of the colors. Incredible.Life of Pi is beautiful. I definitely recommend it. I will be seeing it on the IMAX screen again next month. I'm sure it will shock me, make me fall in love and make me cry all over again. What a masterpiece.

How is it that Scorsese can get 3D so wrong and someone like Ang Lee get it so right?Sure, there is some dimensional silliness — a hummingbird in the first few moments... a message thrown into the water that lands in our laps — but the general philosophy here is to use the technology to define *space*. Usually, we are given an array of objects, but here the goal is space itself.I have been seeing very few movies recently, but I think so far as the handling of space, this film is important — a real advance over what went before. Compare for instance the handling of the water in the shipwreck to that of "Titantic" or "Perfect Storm" or "White Squall." The water here is architectural, dynamic but conceived as a whole. When I've noted previous advances in the cinema of space, they have been less in the architecture and more in the introduction of height, the position of the virtual camera and the emotions evoked by how that camera moves.Following the ideas of the book about the folding of experience, story-telling and religious ecstasy, we have visual metaphoric blending of underwater, various effects on the surface of water, stars, storms and modes of fluorescence in each of these. The notion is that the story with the tiger is likely fiction, and that the 'real' story was not 'as good.' We have strong hints that this is so in the written dialog, so the cinematic notion of merging dynamics below the sea with action above the sea makes sense. This begins early in the story with a shot of the famed swimming pool after which our hero is named. Late in the shot we realize the camera is underwater. Soon, the water becomes sky.But because we have shared what came before with our own eyes, we can't unknow it. It becomes folded reality.Another example: early we see a Hindu ceremony with thousands of candles floating on water. The father-voice-of-reason says "do not be fooled by the lights." Shortly thereafter we have the lights on the ship moving underwater and presumably triggering the untrusted narration. These lights were previously on the surface, and it seemed to me that the same visual cues were present in these — and later — lights as those we saw in the ceremony.This sort of visual coherence is only possible now where essentially every background is a synthesized one. When you create the world, you can create it your way.So the larger framing has an underwater with the ship named after the kabbalistic (recent kabbalah, not genuine historical kabbalah) notion of truth coalescing around the most attractive story. That ship is lit — again a kabbalistic reference, and the lights morph to totems: animals, symbols and memories. The sprites used in the software to model the flow of particles under the sea is used to model the turbulence on the surface and sky. Further, an associated notion is that everything must be considered as a whole situated assembly; in story terms that is the truth of coherence; in cinematic terms it is the focus on the coherence of space.Lee has always done something like this, even in his student films about dinner tables. In "Crouching Tiger" the fight choreography was calligraphic and was shown that way, so this was expected. But it IS an advance in the vocabulary and should be seen if only for the cinematic thrill of being present when our imagination advances a step. Note especially how the final shot does a reverse rack where the background moves closer after his feline self has 'left him.'But it fails as a compelling narrative for me. The kid in the boat seemed too Mowgli Disney perfect and not sufficiently broken to be believable. Though the cinematic tone is well thought out, it is presented too much as reality for me. The distance in abstraction between the framing device (the adult recounting a version of the story) and the story is too close. We might have done better to have the framing bits use a different technique, and the tiger be more supernatural.We do have *some* supernatural elements: the magical whale, the storm that seizes the written story, the fact that corpses and excrement vanish from the always sterile boat. The magical island's tooth (truth). The fact that a Japanese ship packs a survival manual in English. But these are plot points, not parts of the world. Tarsem Singh might have done better in this regard.We can assume that the 'alternative story' was shot, because you wouldn't hire Gérard Depardieu for one part of one scene. Perhaps we can see it in a recut version. Hey, if Decker can be a replicant in later versions of "Bladerunner," maybe Anandi can be a life-dancer, the real narrator.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.

With all the hype of a bestseller novel turning into a 3D movie, Life of Pi would possibly be the highly overrated movie of the year. Of course, it greatly impresses with its verisimilitude of the digital imagery, which is painstakingly constructed with one step on the fantasy and another on reality. I think this is so far the best imagery shot/created for a oceanic film and Richard Parker, the tiger is a marvel. Though, I was initially disappointed with the narrower aspect ratio 1.85:1; would've been more spectacular in 2.35:1But, where the movie (and the Novel) falls in its entirety is the drama, which is said to be constructed in tangence to spiritual overtones which justifies the Indian milieu ; the so called philosophy it offers is so very juvenile and text-bookish, (at-least that's how it would be for an Indian); the characters so flat and sketchy and casting over the top, detailing really bad and the authenticity in the soup (Tamil Talkie parts especially). Wondering if they hired a (right) cultural consultant. And this makes the first 25 minutes terrible to watch. Yes, all this is supposed to be carried from the original content by Yann Martel (which I consider an Yawn inducer).Having read the book and unimpressed, my only reason to watch Life of Pi in cinemas was Ang Lee. The man, in one of his interviews has said, he did have an initial hesitation and did contemplate a lot before taking up this project. I think one has to follow their intuition in creative matters and wish Ang Lee did that.So, if you've read the book, you know what to expect plot wise, and you'd be anticipating Ang Lee's visual interpretation, which is sure to enthrall you. And if you have not read the book, even better, the anticipation of 'where is this leading' might keep you engaged; only that at the end when the destination arrives, you might be left unsatisfied. 5/10 for the visual magnificence.

This is the first time I am writing a review at IMDb and to be honest I could not stop myself from writing a review after watching this movie. This movie is at its best in all the aspects. Acting, Animation, Effects, everything. Its a must watch for everyone. Being an 3D Artist myself I can really see what has gone into making of this movie and i would really like to congratulate the makers of this movie. You will find many people complaining that the movie is slow but don't let that comment change your decision of watching this movie. Its too good to miss. According to me I think the timing of the story telling is absolutely perfect. So thats it. ITS A MUST WATCH MOVIE

I can't express how thankful I am to Ang Lee for taking on this project, which was deemed impossible to make by many filmmakers. This is definitely the most challenging film in Lee's career since Brokeback Mountain.One of the most beautiful films in recent time, Life of Pi is a great mix of humor, drama and adventure carried out by an incredible and original story. I never found myself rolling my eyes even though we see a boy on a small boat with a tiger for the most part. This is also the reason why this film was a big gamble. It's tough to make something eventful out of this premise without demanding a very high suspension of disbelief from the audience, which will hinder their enjoyment. Thankfully, Ang Lee and co. knew how to execute it in the best way possible. Actors did their job very well and were all believable in their roles. Suraj Sharma's performance stands out as the best. He was absolutely incredible in his first acting role ever! He can express sadness, happiness, desperation, fear, love, unsteadiness, interest etc with great prowess. His acting draws you into his character and makes him feel real. This just proves furthermore why Ang Lee is one of the best directors at the moment. Aside from knowing how to tell a story, he has an eye for talent and is able to "squeeze" that talent from actors.The technical aspects complete the movie. The score is authentic and beautiful. The visual effects and 3D are just out of this world! Also, these aspects actually serve to enhance the experience and main themes of the movie. Effects are used perfectly at the right times and are in no way cheesy. The tiger is animated for the most of the movie and there's just no way to describe how brilliant and "alive" Richard Parker felt! It's absolutely stunning to watch him. I'm not surprised many people thought it was a real tiger the whole time.Some people say the film is preachy, shallow, tries to make you believe in God, tries to be deep etc. I don't think it aims to do such things. It simply shows the beauty of nature and examines our love for stories, our imagination and our interest in faith. There are many metaphorical elements, which provide some interesting food for thought. There is also an angle that the whole story is actually an allegory and it's up to us to decipher it and interpret what actually happened. But even if you don't like open ended movies, if you just want to sit back and enjoy, I highly recommend this because the whole movie is a pleasure for eyes and ears. I don't think it's boring because I find the pacing surprisingly great. The exchange of drama and humor is perfect and the latter is executed very well - it provides genuine laughs.One last thing if you decide to watch this: know what to expect. Don't expect a masterpiece in religious discussion or character exploration. Expect beautiful scenery, an engaging story that borders between reality and imagination and a magnificent Bengal tiger, all wrapped up in an adventurous journey of a young boy's life! One of my favorite films of all time - 10/10!

2012 is a great film year. Almost all the films I looked forward to delivered. However one stood above them all and that's Life of Pi. I believe this is not only the best film of 2012 but one of the best films I've seen in my life.What makes Pi great is the different way it works. On the surface, if just taking the story for what it is, it's a great film in many ways. It has a likable lead and story and manages to make a boy floating on a raft entertaining. I can't say enough about how well crafted the confrontations between Pi and Parker are. Ang Lee uses the boat as a perfect device for their head to head "battles".But of course, Life of Pi is more than just a great story. It is steeped with symbolism. The genius ending by Yann Martel of course gives the entire film a new face. Which Pi story was real? Of course the answer is that neither are meant to be truly real. What's important is what someone takes out of a story and what it means to them. As a film viewer this is applicable to us, listening to Pi's story or another movie's, we can interpret it whichever way we want - by whichever fits our personal code. In the early stages of the film much is made of Pi's personal beliefs (in many different religions) compared to the characters around him. His father believes in science, his mother more the heart. A man even believes in swimming pools as his salvation. This is all important because just as Pi is willing to believe in multiple religions and pick the important parts from each, one interprets Pi's story in their own way and in turn, their own life in their own way But more than just that, to me all of Life of Pi is symbolic of life. We are all boys on a raft in the ocean, braving the coming and going storms and searching for our destination. It bears mentioning that brilliantly, Pi is not going home. He's going to a foreign, new place. Just as in the journey to life, we do not go to the past, we go to an uncertain future.Regardless of whether Pi's story was real or not, what seems obvious is that Richard Parker is meant to represent Pi's internal psychi. Hearkening back to the argument about science vs the heart, Pi is the rational member on the boat and Parker is the ferocious, emotional one. One can read Pi's journey as his rationality fighting with his emotional self. Likewise one could argue the other animals on the boat if not real, represent parts of himself. The zebra perhaps is the side of him that wanted to feel like a victim after the crash, the hyena the side that wanted to flip out and get angry and the orangutan the one that thought his parents had a chance to be alive. Quickly his victim side and his family-loving side is engulfed by anger, which then recedes.One tell that the entire journey is a symbolism of life is the carnivorous island. This is an island that most people visit. The carnivorous island is when we get to a place that's so comfortable and secure, that we threaten to let ourselves get stuck there, instead of moving onto new and unknown adventures in our life. Pi has to choose whether to stay in this place and be eaten by this security of life, or to move on and he chooses to move one.The part that fascinates me the most about this story is the decision to make Parker leave, without turning back to Pi. If one accepts Parker is a representation of Pi's emotional internal self, what does his snub mean? Did Pi lose his heart and emotional self in that journey across the ocean? Did leaving the the security of the island (where he'd have been with Parker forever) require sacrificing that part of himself? Or is it that in the real world, the emotional self cannot roam free with the rational, controlled self. Just as Parker had to be caged up before they got on the ship. It took that journey on the ocean for Pi to come in touch with his animalistic self, but they could never be together in civilization and this is what breaks Pi's heart as he's telling the story.Ang Lee is simply masterful. Aside from the crafting of scenes on the ship as I mentioned, the editing is perfect. Think about the scenes like Parker eating the goat in the cage, or the animals on the boat. Every scene transition is simply perfect. Every cut to Pi telling the story is crafted perfectly. This is a film where a master is truly in control of his medium. Of course I didn't even mention the all time great visual effects Life of Pi is not only perfectly crafted and written, but it is layered with fascinating depth and psychology as a movie about life itself, choices and the meaning we take out of our lives. This is a true film masterpiece and work of art.

LIFE OF PI (2012) **** Suraj Sharma, Irrfan Khan, Adil Hussain, Tabu, Rafe Spall, Gerard Depardieu, Sames Saito, Jun Naito. Ang Lee's masterful adaptation of the best selling novel by Yann Martel about a young man's survival of an ocean liner sinking castaway with only its other sole survivor, his family's zoo's Bengal tiger. Told in flashback with a few digressions about faith, religion, the human spirit and ultimately the meaning of life, this journey into one's soul is remarkably captured with impressive CGI (Richard Parker, the aforementioned fierce companion), gorgeously stunning cinematography by Claudio Miranda and a stripped down screenplay by David Magee propels the story with some amazing set pieces of nature unleashed as well as the inner voice we all share: what is my life REALLY about? Poignant, funny and ultimately life- affirming; a must see and the 3D is truly amazingly captured at full force.

Seen it yesterday, one truly awful film. At one point I think I slipped into a coma!I went into the film with little preconception but came out bored stiff, had it not been for the fact that my train was due around the same time it finished I would have got up and left early.There is no magical 3D or supreme story, it's about a Tiger and a boy shipwrecked. Then to top it all off you're led to believe the whole story is made up so the main character can forget the horror of the truth.Terrible

Thiz is a simple movie with stunning visual portrayal of a spiritual journey. It starts like Tim Burton's "Big Fish" (2003) where everything is odd and magical, steps like Danny Boyle's "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008) with its compelling flashback in storytelling and it feels like Tom Hank's "Cast Away" (2000), only thiz time the survivor is not accompanied by Wilson the volleyball, but with something called Richard Parker. It is a courageous adventure story about a young boy named Piscine (Suraj Sharma), who unfortunately lost all his family in sinking ship. His survival effort along with all the animals, especially with a ferocious Bengal tiger, brings him to an understanding of life as a whole. The newcomer Suraj Sharma delivers a sufficient performance to describe a boy who has to survive nature. Adil Hussain and Tabu make brief but memorable appearances as Pi's father and mother. On the other hand, I think that Irrfan Khan could have been better as Adult Pi. His central role as the storyteller is just enough, not extraordinary, not even close, compared to Gloria Stuart as Old Rose in "Titanic" (1997). Ang Lee who is formerly known as the Director of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" (2000), "Hulk" (2003) and the controversial drama "Brokeback Mountain" (2005), wrapping thiz movie with astonishing visual treat. "The Storm Scene" is one of the remarkable moments in thiz movie. I bet you won't get thiz experience before in any other movies. Thiz is something that you have never seen before, followed by other scenes like "The Giant Whale Scene", "The Flying Fish Scene" and my favorite "The Exotic Meerkat Island". I think thiz movie has lots of powerful philosophies all over the place. It's like metaphor in metaphor, there comes a point in everyone's life, thiz will be something that needs to be thought about. It's emotionally gratifying. Actually, the movie is not just about survival, it's not even about the sinking ship, and it's definitely not about the tiger. It's simply about your relationship with God. In the end, we know very well. In every spiritual journey, your greatest enemy is none other than yourself.Visit My Blog on JONNY'S MOVEE: http://jonnyfendi.blogspot.com

According to Yann Martel, author of the Booker Prize-winning novel "Life of Pi, "If your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you." In the film version of Life of Pi, the fearful opponent is a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker (explained in the film) and its worthy adversary is a teenage boy (Suraj Sharma) trapped in a lifeboat in the middle of an unforgiving ocean. For Pi, fear is the ingredient that is both his enemy and the friend that keeps him alive and helps him to maintain his faith.Directed by Ang Lee and adapted for the screen by David Magee, the film is an adventure story in the mold of Robinson Crusoe, a testament of faith, and a philosophical Rubik's Cube that will keep you awake pondering its meaning. Whatever meaning you ultimately bring to it, the film is a sumptuous visual experience that combines a dazzling combination of state-of- the-art 3-D and CGI technology to breathtaking effect. The adventure is framed by the adult Pi Patel (Irrfan Khan) relating his incredible story to a Canadian journalist (Rafe Spall), sent by a friend to listen to a story that "would make him believe in God." As a young boy Piscine Molitor Patel (Ayush Tandon), the son of a zoo keeper in Pondicherry, India, shortens his name to Pi to avoid being teased at school. Pi is a spiritual seeker who attracted to Islam, Hinduism, and Christianity and has even studied the Jewish Kabala. Pi's embracing of all non-conflicting religions is rejected by his parents whose philosophy is secular, and his father Santosh (Adil Hussain) challenges his son to make hard choices in life. "Believing in everything," he says, "is the same as believing in nothing," Santosh is a hard taskmaster who graphically demonstrates, after Pi attempt to feed the Bengal tiger in their zoo, that wild animals are not your friend and will kill you without a moment's hesitation.Unfortunately, hard times fall on the family and Santosh must sell the zoo and take the family and some of the animals to Winnipeg, Canada aboard a Japanese cargo ship. When an unforeseen storm batters the vessel, all members of Pi's family and the ship's crew are lost at sea. Pi is the only survivor and clings to a lifeboat accompanied by a hyena, an orangutan, and the huge cat, Richard Parker, who climb aboard. The young Pi witnesses the survival of the fittest and soon finds himself alone in the middle of the ocean with a ferocious tiger. The terror of the shipwreck is made real in a visceral 3-D experience of the raging water, thundering in surround sound.The central portion of the film depicts the day-to-day effort of the boy to tame the tiger and provide enough food for both to survive their over 200-day ordeal. The magic of technology produces beauty as well as terror in scenes of the ocean at night with the boat wandering alone beneath the stars, a cadre of flying fish, luminescent jellyfish, and a leaping whale. Whether or not you believe that the boy is really in danger aboard a boat with a man-eating tiger does not detract from the sublime feeling of connection with nature that the scenes engender. To add a surreal aspect to the adventure, the two companions find themselves on a strange floating island overrun by a colony of African mongoose known as meerkats that allows Pi to gather more food for his return to the sea.While the film's coda puts a slight damper on what we have just seen, the questions it raises are central to the film's message. Contrary to the opening invitation to the writer to research Pi's story because it would "make him believe in God," Martel says that, "God is not IN the story, but that God IS the story," and challenges the viewer to choose which story to believe, the one we have experienced for almost two hours or the alternative story that Pi tells Japanese insurance investigators. According to the author, "Stories are important, because everything is in how we perceive it and nothing is really real until we say it is, so why not choose the better story?" In my view, what Martel is saying is not that we should choose the better story because it provides a palliative by keeping pesky reality away, but because it offers the context for a richer experience of life. Did the Hanukkah candles really burn for eight days without oil? Did the Buddha really live? Did Christ? We can never know for certain, but ultimately it may not matter if the impact of the stories can lead us to a true spiritual experience, one that is touched by love whether or not we believe it or have a Bengal tiger along for the ride.

The story proper is book-ended between the scenes of a writer's (Rafe Spall) interview of the protagonist Pi, adult version (Irrfan Khan), which serve also as VO narration. Within this "story proper", the key segment that happens on a lifeboat drifting on the Pacific is further sandwiched between what happens before and after. "Before" show traces Pi's life early childhood (Gautam Belur) to teenager (Suraj Sharma) when financial difficulties forces his parents to close the zoo they were operating and embark on a family voyage to the U.S. together with the animals which they hope to sell upon arrival. "Just like Columbus", his father explained, to which Pi replied in a muffled voice "But Columbus was looking for India". "After" recounts the incidents after drifting in the Ocean for 227 days, hitting land for the first time (just an island) and eventually finding rescue at the coast of Mexico. Quite obviously, the "key segment" of drifting in the Pacific, which takes about an hour, is the highlight. But is must be said the 2-hour film is mesmerizing in its entirety.This centre masterpiece is to be enjoyed on two levels: visual and spiritual. There can never been enough said to do justice to the visual wonder Ang Lee has created, utilizing 3D in a way never used by anyone else before, to create beauty, especially when it comes to water. The spiritual context is so rich that the film arguably compels multiple viewing. Much has been elaborated by critics on the theme of divinity that transverse cultures. Similarly is the universal theme of valuing what you have, and reaching out to communicate your appreciation before it's too late. Most insightful is Pi's OV comment that the Bengal tiger, notwithstanding being a constant threat to his life, is in fact the most important reason for his survival of the 227 days. Here we are talking about loneliness. This fellow being has become Pi's reason for living, initially to stay away from its murderous claws, but later to caring for its every need from food to fresh water.A lesser director would have grabbed the many opportunities for sappy tear manipulation, which would be beneath Ang Lee. The scene showing the parting of Pi and Richard Parker the tiger alone will be reflected on for a long time.

It is a rare opportunity to see a film in which every frame evokes miraculous imagery. So it is with Life of Pi: Director Ang Lee translated the bestselling novel by Yann Martel into one of the most visually arresting cinematic events of this year. Like a fever dream that occasionally transforms into a nightmare, before delivering you back into a state of nirvana, Life of Pi is at its best breathtaking, but also looms with a mysterious energy prepared to pounce when you become comfortable.The story of Piscine "Pi" Patel (Suraj Sharma) unfolds through the narration of the elder Pi, who recounts his story for the benefit of a writer, in search of a story that will "make him believe in God." It is unlikely that Pi's engrossing story will have any effect on your religious inclinations, but it will certainly entertain. Pi's life is completely upended when a cargo ship carrying Pi and his family, as well as numerous animals from their zoo, is lost at sea. Being the sole human survivor, Pi is forced to contend with a troop of animals that also managed to seek refuge on his lifeboat. As the days pass, the group of four animals is cut down to a single animal: an adult Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. The two survivors are faced with serious challenges on their journey across the ocean, and none is more terrifying than the close proximity they share. What develops is a volatile relationship that ultimately saves Pi's life.The entire weight of Life of Pi is balanced on newcomer Suraj Sharma's back. The true beauty of this film may be its cinematography, but considering how much of this movie focuses on a solitary human in a boat with a tiger, casting a weak actor in the role of Pi would have been as disastrous as flinging acetone on a painting. The range of emotions conveyed by Sharma makes it difficult to believe that he earned this role accidentally (He only attending the casting call to support his brother's audition, and ended up winning the role out of 3,000 actors.), and has no previous acting credits. If Life of Pi is any indication of what Sharma is capable of, we shall be seeing a great deal of this talented young man in the coming years.Life of Pi is substantial achievement in storytelling. The film covers a variety of topics: spirituality, mortality, maturity, death, and survival. The film is incredibly dense, and having little knowledge of the novel beforehand, I was not prepared for how intense a film this would be. The quality of trailers shown before the movie seemed to indicate that many might treat Pi as a children's film; it is most certainly not. While a story of a young man on a boat with a tiger might sound like the beginning of a children's fable, the substance of this film would be difficult for a child to stomach. Ang Lee has proved himself a master of stylized film and Life of Pi is possibly his most visually stunning motion picture to date. Life of Pi illustrates the ability of a story to captivate our imaginations, and attests to the wonderment of storytelling.http://flickermotion.blogspot.com/

Once in a while you see a movie and think "god its brilliant!". And once in a decade u see a movie and think "good lord, that's boring!" and go home, login to facebook and update a status saying crap about the movie but think a LOT about it later and realize that you just watched one of the most brilliant movies ever made! that's Life of Pi! I went for the movie with a lot of expectations. Firstly, because its an Ang Lee movie and secondly, because its a movie about survival and facing your fears. But what was waiting for me in the theater, was just another 3D flick with a lot of CGI graphics. At least, that's what I thought! But after watching the last few scenes, began one of the most intense thinking processes of my life! And finally realized how brilliant the story is and how brilliantly Lee has made it into a movie. Life of Pi may not be the best acted movie ever but everything else about it, is inexplicable.Speaking as a south Indian myself, another good thing about the movie is that Lee has managed to minimize the amount of clichés which occur a lot while making a Hollywood movie about Indians.I played the movie, scene by scene in my head again and again, only to realize not everything is what it looks like. I highly recommend this film to everyone. whether you like it or not completely depends on your perception. In the scene where the tired young Pi asks his 'companion' to talk to him and looks deep down into the ocean, the camera goes deep into the ocean from Pi's tired and hopeless face, captures everything he has lost, ends up at his mother's smiling face and comes back up to his 'companion''s strong, confident face. That one scene has a strong inner meaning and another dimension, which you will realize if you really want to! And that was just an example.I know i used the word 'brilliant' a lot but I really can't help it! the movie is just BRILLIANT!

Let's get this out of the way. I did not see this in 3-D, so I will not talk about how amazing the 3-D was. In that respect, perhaps I am able to judge the film in its own right. The story here isn't anything too different. We've had survival stories of this kind before. The film is also told as one man's recollection, and I always have a problem with this technique. It always sort of drags the film down, because instead of you being immersed in the actual story being told, films always do some back-and-forths with the story and the character recollecting the story. This film is no exception, and it kinda falls into that same trap of cheese and over-sentimentality at times. This isn't a subtle film in any way, and it's more obvious in the present scenes.Getting that out of the way, this is a truly beautiful film in every respect. The message is clear, but powerful, and on a visual level this is masterful. The cinematography isn't just brilliant because the visual imagery is brilliant (and many times that's all people think of cinematography as being) but because the sweeping scope of the photography and the many different shots create a fantastically vivid and dreamy world. Even in it's most languid scenes there's a technical mastery here not present in most films. The strongest section of the film is Pi at sea no doubt, and it's virtually perfect. However, the last 10 or 15 minutes once again cross the line where some of it just comes across corny. But I liked the purpose of where the film headed, and what the ending was for, I just wish Lee and the script hadn't hit it with so much on-the-point sentimentality.But overall, flaws and all, this is a truly fantastic film, and strongly recommended.

Beautifully made movie about the complex relationship between Good and Evil, Man and God. The only negative is that the movie is so visually stunning that it may lead the viewer to appreciate it only on the physical concrete plane. The real point to the movie is to show us that the tiger is not in the boat trying to kill the boy, rather that there is a metaphorical tiger living in each of us, and it is through the mythology of religions that each of us may discover for ourselves how we deal with our own tiger. In this way, I think that the medium of film cannot match the impact of the written text for a film of such metaphoric import. It is through the imagery created in each individual's mind through the living life experiences of each person reading the passages of the book that give it deeper personal meaning and sense to the metaphor. This movie, as every movie, must impart the visions and experiences of essentially one person, the director. But it is such a beautiful vision after all.Thumbs up!

Life of Pi- a must watch It's quite apparent going by the trailers and the buzz generated by this movie that its all about a young man's survival from a terrible ship wreck and a certain Bengal Tiger ( named Richard Parker for mildly amusing reasons) during a storm in the Pacific Ocean. A middle aged Pi ( with a generous mop of curly hair , played by the subtle and extremely engaging Irrfan Khan) recounting his tale to a wide eyed Canadian novelist.The older Pi takes the novelist down memory lane and in the process paints a picture postcard of Puducherry, the zoo owned by his rational and strict father and his innate faith in godliness, religion whetted by his curiosity during the adolescent years. The parents had a different perspective on religion and spirituality – the father an atheist and the mother – mildly encouraging and endearing do not impede the young boy's religious intentions giving him the wherewithal to choose his own path.His life is not devoid of love as Pi in an understated manner states " We both had just enough time to break each other's heart" In due course of time due to the unstable financial and business climate post emergency, the father takes the stellar decision of migrating to Canada for a better future aided by the sale of zoo animals. Aboard the ship, nature plays spoilsport in form of a terrible thunderstorm leaving Pi the only human survivor with a ferocious tiger for company Picture this – it's just the boy and the Bengal tiger out there in the dark deep sea along with the forces of nature playing against him ( rain or shine plays true here) The Bengal tiger aka Richard Parker is an offshoot of digital imagery – the eyes, majestic walk, fur and the famous roar makes it all the more believable. This story is appealing as it deals with the problems Pi must solve which forms the most dramatic center piece of the film and you start identifying with Pi and the leap of faith he sorely needs. How in the middle of the ocean would he find food and water, avoid turning into Mr Parker's meal of the day, guts and gumption required to sale through this ordeal. The relationship he shares with Parker shows shades of fear, competition, predatory instincts, compassion and love with the director showing remarkable restraint and control in not following the predictable path.LOP's background score does not distract you, rather it plays a supporting role (the Tamil ditty at the beginning of the movie sung in a very soft and mellifluous voice) . The 3d visuals speak a language of their own (turquoise blue water, flying fish, dancing dolphins) aided by engaging story telling make it a visual spectacle Sooraj Sharma who plays the teen age Pi, is utterly believable as the character and you live and identify his trials and tribulations, while Irrfan Khan underplays the ordeal he has survived with an uncanny blend of normalcy. Adil and Tabu as Pi's parents in their own sublime way add a lot to the character of the boy who transforms into a man with a life changing experience The movie is one of a kind which is a visual marvel aided by wonderful storytelling , has profound lines , goose bump inducing moments and makes you believe in all the wondrous things and the avalanche of emotions the director has used to play with the human psyche be it Pi or us.It may also make you ponder and ramificate in the end whether you have seen anything at all :)p Love,Life,Luck and Laughter, Shekhar Vijayan.

Life of Pi is an absolutely outstanding philosophical film, undoubtedly one of the best to come out last year. It recently won four Academy Awards, all of which were absolutely deserved; it is impeccably crafted and deeply moving. The first time I saw the film, the framing narrative structure disoriented me, due in large part to the deliberate pacing. After watching the movie again, however, everything clicked for me, and now I can say that there is hardly a false note among the storytelling. As an adult, the title character reflects back on his life, how it all changed him, and more importantly, how he still feels about it. We first meet the younger Pi in his school days, and we witness him acquire valuable skills from his family that will ultimately prove highly beneficial in his life, despite the fact that he takes much of it for granted. He also manages to create a new identity for himself, by taking the nickname of "Pi" and displaying his knowledge with the irrational number. This ties into much of Pi's overall philosophy; reality hardly matters. What's more exciting and engaging for him and his life is the overall better story. He is first and foremost a storyteller, and he is absolutely one who uses his power wisely. And so it is no wonder that he becomes so intrigued by three various, almost contradictory, religions. He deeply loves the sense of community he gains from them, and he deeply relishes in his faith. Starting with the stunning shipwreck sequence, however, he comes to realize that his faith must continuously be tested in order to be fully pure. And there is surely no stronger test of faith than being stuck in a lifeboat with nothing but an adult Bengal tiger. As time goes on, however, he manages to survive, all the while learning to appreciate the gift of life with what little time he has, and to realize that suffering is a necessity for true happiness. Much debate has been brought about by the film's ending; people wonder "did it really even happen"? I personally find the ending extremely powerful, one that enforces the movie's thesis. It hardly matters what really happened at sea in the lifeboat; the only important thing is which story is better. And the jaw-dropping special effects only add to the excitement of the story; this is truly a larger than life experience. Even the use of 3-D is spectacular, as it fully immerses us in Pi's world. This is a technically flawless film, and it begs the question, "was Avatar ever this visually stunning?" I'd say no. Life of Pi is unquestionably one of the year's best films, and it is more than a film. It is an experience; both a visual one, a philosophical one, and a storytelling one. This film absolutely must be seen; it is an absolute stunner and a near-masterpiece. Overall Rating: 10/10- "My Highest Recommendation."

Is 'Life of Pi' meant as a story of great spiritual uplift--or a different story altogether--something more morose and sinister? Director Ang Lee, proffers up a twist ending where the film's protagonist, the young Pi Patel, has his amazing tale of survival called into question and replaced by an equally fantastic tale, albeit far less spiritually uplifting, than the first.The film begins with a now grown Patel, residing in Canada and working as a professor. Patel relates his life to an aspiring writer in three parts: 1) his childhood and adolescence with his family in India; 2) his life as a castaway in a lifeboat with the tiger, 'Richard Parker'; and 3) the climax of his survivor story which includes an alternative story to the one he's just related. Unfortunately, Lee must rely on a narrator, the elder Patel, to tell a good part of the story. This is off-putting (particularly during the denouement), since the stodgy conversations between the professor and the writer, can't hold a candle to the magnificent visual scenes established with the younger Pi (played by brilliant newcomer, Suraj Sharma) as he fights for survival on the high seas.The first third of the 'Life of Pi' is slow-moving. Pi's upbringing is quite unusual in one respect: his father owns a zoo. Otherwise Pi is presented as a sensitive but quirky kid who evinces a spiritual side, even at an early age. Pi's spirituality comes into play later, when his alternative story, presents him in a decidedly less pacifistic light.Perhaps the most significant scene in the first third of the movie is when Pi's father forces him to watch Richard Parker devour a goat. Pi's 'loss of innocence' foreshadows his ultimate test, when he later comes face to face with Richard Parker in the boat. How does the tiger manage to pull the goat into his side of the cell? The apparent unrealistic and perplexing scene may suggest, on the other hand, that Patel's story is either whole or part fantasy.The meat and potatoes of the 'Life of Pi' is the young man's incredible story of survival after his parents are killed, during the sinking of the Japanese freighter. 'Life of Pi' fascinates, when we see how Pi manages to cope with a tiger in his lifeboat. Before Richard Parker becomes the center of Pi's attention, two other animals, a zebra and orangutan are killed by an hyena, who in turn is killed by Richard Parker. The animals' demise takes on a symbolic meaning later on, when Pi proffers up the second story in the Third Act. The sudden disappearance of the three animals from the boat, once again suggests that perhaps Pi's story belongs in the realm of fantasy.Ang Lee proves his mastery as a director of special effects, since most of the tiger sequences were created through the wizardry of computer generated images. From his inventiveness to creating a small raft of flotation devices to keep a safe distance from the tiger and the way in which he goes about finding food after a whale destroys his food stocks, the story of Pi and Richard Parker proves quite absorbing. The taming of the tiger is the high point of Pi's 'man versus nature' saga before the Second Act crisis.The crisis occurs when Pi lands on the 'bionic' island. Again, the island appears to symbolize Pi's crisis in the alternative reality the elder Pi relates to the writer in the Third Act. Once Pi discovers that the island's water turns acidic at night and is devouring fish, as well as a tooth in a carnivorous plant, he concludes that he'll die if he remains on the island.The elder Patel finally reveals that his castaway story might merely be a 'coping mechanism'. Patel reveals that he told Japanese investigators of the possibility that what 'might' have happened was that he ended up in a lifeboat with his mother, a sailor with a broken leg and a crew member who his father had a disagreeable encounter earlier on, before the freighter sunk. The crew member ends up killing the sailor and his mother after his mother puts him on a raft. Patel returns to kill the crew member. The fight with the crew member recalls the tooth he finds in the plant on the island. Leaving the island might be symbolic of his decision to leave the situation where he found himself observing how his mother was thrown to the sharks. And finally, when Richard Parker fails to turn back and acknowledge him, this jarring event symbolizes Pi's acceptance of a loss of innocence and the reality that Story #1 was a fantasy.There are hints that Story #2 may have been worse than Pi initially lets on. Was Pi possibly guilty of cannibalism? It's interesting that there was an actual Richard Parker in the 19th century who was a victim of cannibalism after a shipwreck and the character's name also figures in an Edgar Allan Poe novel, again a victim of cannibalism at sea.Ang Lee, as well as author Martel, have made it clear that they both prefer Pi's spiritually uplifting tale of survival to the downbeat one involving murder. The elder Patel makes his preference clear in the film itself. The second story appears to be thrown in to contrast it with the uplifting message of Story #1. Story #2 then perhaps becomes a cautionary tale--similar to the loss of innocence moment when Richard Parker kills the goat. Lee has no problem with such ambiguity as long as the feel good message is highlighted.In the end, the Life of Pi 'main course' will be remembered for Pi's 'story #1' and Ang Lee's masterful visual presentation. The rest, including the lumbering narration, simplistic spiritual stance and ambiguous alternative ending, are the leftovers.

I don't think I need to read the book to confirm how great the book is. The movie simply has shown it. I was amazed the first time, that I actually went back for the second time,tried to rekindle the feeling, within a week. Well, just give it the Oscar already, for every category it could be. Screenplay : Check. Acting performance : Check. Visual effect : Check. Cinematography : Check. Story and plot : Check.I doubt that the book reader will feel that something essential from the book has missing (like mostly happen with book-adaptation movie). The movie couldn't have been ruined the book. Not with this version, I am sure. In fact, I would love run to the bookstore now and have it my own. Nothing like telling it too fast, or too little, or too much.This is the great movie with a great story. You will smile, laugh, cry, touched, inspired, twisted, and all the reasons why movie is significant. And when the ending challenge you for more,you know Life of Pi will never be just another Hollywood successful movie.

Warning: Don't take your children to see this movie! The cute and beautiful trailer is very deceiving!The true story is gruesome and horrible even for adults. After a shipwreck, a religious boy had to eat the flesh of crews and even his own mother. The pragmatic teachings from his father urged him to survive at anything, while the religious teachings from his mother helped him to imagine an alter ego (the Tiger) to deceive and pacify himself.Adult Pi suffers from Post-traumatic syndrome. His face shows little emotional expression, typical of PTSD. He can only numb himself and come to peace with the help of religion and family.Pi is religious because otherwise he would die or go crazy. The teaching of this movie is: Religion is the opium for the masses (Karl Marx). When President Obama wrote to Ang Lee saying: 'an elegant proof of God', he did not understand this movie...... So did so many moviegoers......

Often during watching LoP I felt the overall frame was pleasing, yet the digital work on this is amazing to a fault. The digital imagery, I felt, often took the focus off the story/characters ...If you've ever had Mormon's show up at your doorstep, you are familiar with the preachy/sales-vibe this movie puts off.The acting was poor (main actor's Indian accent is no dialect I have ever heard), the story was ho-hum and the mumble-core scenes between old Pi and the author is probably a top naturopath alternative to ambien.I went in to this movie expecting to not like it (not a fan of feel good, triumph of spirit style movies), but I was surprised by feeling real anger at having watched this ostentatious drivel.Literally was Disney + L Ron Hubbard

We have always been told that value of Pi is best calculated as 22/7 but you wouldn't know that 355/113 give a more accurate value of Pi than 22/7. However, using 22/7 makes it easier for to do calculations and that's the reason why it is used often.Done with beating around the bush... time to criticize!From the time movie start you can't help but notice the "beautiful" picturization and cinematography throughout. Add to that the life-like sound affects make you experience the movie almost in real time. This movie shows the wrath of ocean on its survivors and its destructive powers. There have been several movies made about survivors in wild or islands or the sea. This movie makes the survival journey even harder by making the human survive on a small rescue boat with a Royal Bengal Tiger. In my opinion, the presentation of this movie on the big screen was flawless. Plot revealed below.But you can never have a good movie experience until the actors "live the movie" and convince their audience that it all happened for real. Pi's role is taken by two people, Suraj Sharma when he was younger and Irfan Khan, the older Pi who narrates his life experience to a novel writer. Both have acted very well for their roles, but the role of honest looking younger-Pi seemed to make older Pi's role look a little weaker. During Pi's struggle to survive on a small boat with the fierce tiger, he realises a lot of things, most of it is self realization, the way he loses hope and regains it and the mysterious things he sees in his voyage makes the fictional story intriguing. What I liked about the movie was how Pi starts enjoying the little things he was left with in the rescue boat and how important it becomes for him. But, the most interesting part of the movie is how the boy and tiger learn to survive together and realize that each of them played a big part in keeping them alive.What makes a movie more unrealistic is a big negative for me. I didn't like extra affects that make the ocean look beautifully clear and magical. Another flaw in the story is the way it starts and the way it ends seem to have no connection. In the beginning Pi, as a younger kid seems to be furiously looking see the meaning of life, religion and God. By the end of it, I would have expected that the story would come with a clearer answer. The story makers somehow didn't make the ends meet.My suggestion: Pi is a good movie to experience. Watching it in 3D makes the movie experience even better.

The whole story was boring, was hard to be captured in the film. The animals were neat ya, but the story was lacking a a real depth. The ending really annoyed me, Spoiler! The guys lies about the whole story... he makes it up to cope. The actual story is the guys mom is attacked by the cook of the sunken ship while on the life boat after the sinking. The cook killed a surviving sailor to use his body for fish bait just the day before the cook killed the kids mom. The guy (kid) makes up the entire animal story, for the hell of it. He asks "Which story do you like more?" What a f**king fake. I want my money and time back. I'm glad this movie wont even make back the cost of the production to film.

This movie was very disappointing. I was appalled at the fact of animals attacking each other as this is rated PG. It was extremely gruesome and depressing and definitely was not a good movie in my book. Although this was a creative plot line, it certainly was not necessary to include such horrid scenes and tragedies. One thing is for sure, this movie will NEVER be recommended by me. I am not positive this movie should have been labeled as a "PG" movie because it contained scenes that certainty were not kid-friendly. I am truly astonished at the fact that this movie had good ratings because it was so beyond horrible, in my opinion. If anyone asks me how Life of Pi was, I'll tell you now, I will not be giving it a positive recommendation, let alone any at all. They could have made this movie 10x better had they not made it so horrifically awful. Was it necessary to add details in which kids are having nightmares from animal attacks? To recapitulate, my family and I agree this movie deserves a thumbs down.

last week,I watched life of pi.really,film is very nice,I loved the life of pi movie.I am big fan of life of pi movie.film is gripping also the story was fantastic and I could not take my eyes off the screen from start to finish.although the film's cast unknown film is very nice.I want to talk about actor this film star is Suraj Sharma.Suraj Sharma is new actor but a good actor.he was born in New Dehli, India.His mother is an economist and his father is a software engineer. He has a brother and sister.really life of pi the best film of this year.film won the Oscar.the special effects were good.film director is Ang LEE.Ang lee won AFI award. I'm happy because this film won the Oscars.I will watch life of pi of free time.

This movies is simply enchanting and a visual spectacle to behold; it's not surprising to me that it made it to the Oscars. What is surprising, is that it made it from book to film; I could not have imagined this could be done and give the story justice. How can you bring such a wonder of imagination and well written prose to the screen? Well, Ang Lee did; his work, what I've seen of it in the past, certainly lets one to believe that he has no fear and is blessed with every author's dream, a total appreciation of their work. It was a friend, and fellow author, who lent me 'L'histoire de Pi' by Yann Martel. Nothing unusual with a local author introducing to another, the work of yet another one, except that I was not into fantasy novels. My mind has been open to it, in no small part by Martel's third literary endeavour; I can now enjoy, and boy do I, such work as Mark Lawrence's The Broken Empire, for the beauty of the style( I hope to god someone put that on film).Anyway, the life story, the fantastic part it certainly, of Piscine Molitor Patel is one that begged to be put on paper and thanks to Ang Lee also on screen. The special effects are well done and will garnish some oohs and ahs to be sure. A film the whole family can enjoy, but caution to those looking for a merry fable; it is a harsh depiction of life. I do not wish to spoil anyone's pleasure by revealing more and will simply say Go see that movie.

One of the best movies I've seen in recent times. Beautiful photography, excellent acting, original screenplay based on a sensitive and well recognized novel that, besides allowing enjoy a good movie with amazing scenes (surely many computer generated (CGI)) provides an elaborate metaphor for life, spirituality, struggle and all those elements that are presented to us throughout the different stages of our existence. Even the most difficult, the most aggressive opponents, can be overcome given that cannot be avoided.It is commented that seeing in 3D is even more exciting.I have not read the novel by Yann Martel, but I will.

Young Indian lad Pi (telling his story in flashback) finds himself stranded in a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger in the middle of the Pacific.The book simply didn't appeal to me. The trailers did, however, so off I went to take in Ang Lee's latest offering, a strange affair telling a story which falls midway between mythology, Baron Munchausen, and a Reader's Digest True-Life Adventure.To be honest, the story, such as it is, is almost inconsequential, albeit quite enough to hold the interest throughout, and certainly sufficient to hang the stunning visuals on. I think the author may well have been aiming to stimulate some sort of spiritual or philosophical musings in his audience. This film never achieved that with me - I am simply too shallow and rooted in material reality - but I was blown away by how visually stunning this film is, and I recommend it heartily on that basis alone. There came a point when I - quite literally - suddenly became aware that my mouth was hanging open.Also, see this in 3D. It is one of a handful of films where 3D is an essential part of the experience of appreciating the movie.

I watched this movie in Lucknow, Wave cinema at 10 40 PM show.It was 3D show and was priced at 150 , I would say it was my highest ROI film ever watched .And it was one of the most beautifully picturesqueness movie I have ever Seen.The movie was in 3D, the scenes were awesome, an angle of emotion,philosophy I would say it is must watch movie for everyone.It will lead to into entirely different world altogether.I am giving 8 , not 10 on 10 it lost somewhere, where in the end it doesn't do justice to the overall film.And somewhere in the film also the speed is lost somewhere.Otherwise some of the scenes are just out of the world. And it can show you real power of 3D cinemas in near future.I would say this is another landmark movie after Avatar for 3D cinema, though I haven't seen Avatar in 3D.So guys Don't miss this movie.

Visually, this movie is a knockout. Scene after scene produces audible gasps as we see images we never thought possible. The colors just pop off the screen, the various animals shown are incredibly realistic, and the views of sky and sea are just phenomenal. Even if there was no plot whatsoever, you should see it just for the visuals.There is a plot, of course. A boy/young man is stranded on a lifeboat and is forced to survive for endless days through unbelievable hardships. And if that alone were the plot, I'd be content, but the framework around the shipwreck story claims something more, that this story says something about the human condition, about God and man, about sin and salvation, about how we should live our lives. My problem quite frankly is that I just did not see the connection. Maybe I need it told more directly, I certainly have a low tolerance for ambiguity. So if you can live with agonizingly uncertain outcomes, where you question everything you have just seen, then you will love this. But if you like things told to you clearly, you may walk away a bit puzzled, as I did.But regardless, this movie redefines the word "beautiful." I was just amazed to see the many, many moods of the ocean as it is portrayed, in fact it becomes one of the primary characters as it is sometimes benevolent, sometimes treacherous; calm or stormy; gray or overflowing with color; etc.

movie is great no doubt but story is not strong. If you watch this movie for special effect than you can give this movie 10 out of 10. Start and end of the movie is boring for the 5- 10 minutes. All over movie with splendid special effect it become great movie.If you are animal channel lover you really like his movie. In whole movie hero try to survive in the sea with tiger all alone. Then there is strange island come with many meerkat nice to see that island totally special in this movie. But most of the special effect are already shown in the promo of the movie. So, great movie must watch movie at least once you must watch.

Life of Pi...The Best ever 3D graphics seen by me in any movie. awesome!! You will be mesmerize by the beauty and cruelty of Sea and storms.. Once again 'Ang Lee' proves that he he is a master story teller... More than the actor 'Life of Pi' belongs to its director Ang Lee. He has used the locations as well as technology to his best advantage. It is hard to imagine such a difficult storyline is being conceptualized and materialized into a full fledged movie with such precision and success. Full credit goes to the cast and crew of the movie. Irrfan Khan is very classy in his short role. The lead actor has done a commendable job. He is surely a young talent to look forward to. Tabbu is effervescent as always. Everybody has contributed their part in making 'Life of Pi' a must watch for everyone.The story itself leaves you with a question..What was Real??????????????????????????

Life of Pi was a disappointment. Framework of the story, with a reporter interviewing Pi, was totally unnecessary - it made it difficult to get involved with the fate of the main character - after all he would survive to live conventional suburban life. Story didn't move me at all. Whole time I was just wondering are the filmmakers selling this story as a real story, based on a fact, or as a fantasy film. As a 'based on a true story' it could not happen - tiger would eat a scrawny Indian boy in a heartbeat if it was truly hungry and the whole island thing didn't help the realism at all. As a fantasy film, the story needed magic carpet ride and a giant - that would do it. In the frame story the reporter said that: "You had a story that would make me believe in God." That was setting the aspiration of the story quite high. I was ready to yell "Hallelujah" or "Allah Akbar" in the moment story would do it's magic, but it really never happened. Story shouldn't promise something that it can't deliver.Special effects were very good and actors did their job well - although I was surprised that Depardieu had so little screen time. Better survival film would be Cast away (2000) and better depiction of storm was in The Perfect Storm (2000).

Life of Pi is nice as a visual experience, but falls a little flat as a movie.The main character Pi tells stories from the early parts of his life to build his character, but his character does not really make sense as a person. We are supposed to believe that most of the obvious unrealistic characteristics of his personality can be put down to Pi being incredibly quirky, but even still it is hard to consider him as being a believable character. His character exists purely to be the vehicle of amusing stories and situations, but when trying to consider what such a person would be like, it becomes clear that his existence is only there because it is necessary for the story. This problem might have been avoided, but I was once again underwhelmed by Ang Lee's directing. That this film won Ang Lee the Academy Award is a tragedy to me (in my opinion Spielberg, Affleck, Tarantino, and also Bigelow all deserved the award that year more than Lee did).As well, though the visuals were nice, often they could clearly be seen to be fake. This was not as big a problem in Avatar (which also had more impressive visuals), where the situations are of a science- fiction variety and are not supposed to be real events, but Life of Pi presents these events as actually having occurred, and the flaws in the CGI break up any immersion in the story.Finally, the ending fails in my mind in its purpose as a story that would make me believe in god. Unlike in the movie where it leaves things unclear as to which of the stories is better, in my view, while Pi's original account is nicer to believe, it is clear that his second account of the story is the one to be believed. I believe that man should live by the wise words of Henry David Thoreau "Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth". Believing in something you know to be untrue because it is nicer is a crime against the intellectual gifts you have been given. Connecting belief in god to belief in Pi's story portrays religion as being an obstacle to the truth, an obstacle to man's progress into the world of the future.Overall, the movie is nice to look at, but hollow and full of holes when examined beyond its pretty visuals. Briefly entertaining, but without any depth to keep it interesting. I recommend that you see it, but do not enter with any expectations of greatness or deeper meaning.

I read the book many years ago, and I have enjoyed the film even more. I found the story flow a little easier to follow on film than when I was trying to read the book, as the themes became more apparent to the viewer through the narrative revelation, the transformations in the relationship between Pi and Richard Parker, and our choice whether or not to have faith. For me, the most memorable scenes were those of the whale leaping out of the ocean and splashing back into sea, the exotic fish and phytoplankton underwater, and the island when it turned carnivorous at night. I highly recommend this film for anyone who loves films about adventures and a remarkable story about faith.

This is the most wonderfully original movie I've seen in such a long time. It is set up with an amazing touch. We are absorbed into the Indian culture by some of the most lovely people. They are understanding of Pi's dilemmas and his religious confusion. They support him, although he is an arrogant little twit at times. There is an amazing scene where he shatters his boundaries and almost gets himself killed by the tiger who later becomes his shipmate. The special effects are probably some of the most believable and effective I have ever scene, from the shipwreck to the game of (excuse the expression) cat and mouse that ensues. We are totally involved in the incredible story of Pi and how he uses his knowledge and survival skills to maintain both his life and his sanity. The tiger, Richard Parker, is so well conceived and so believable in his own evolution that we grow to feel for him and his fate. There is a comradeship that one can only view. I found myself describing this movie to a friend, and when I finished he acted like I was crazy to have liked it. I guess Pi felt the same way. This is a movie that takes a wonderful book and an amazing story to new depths. There is also, of course, Pi's struggle with his views of a god that he can't quite define. His is an honest doubt. No character in fiction is asked for more and has to question the entity that he says as responsible for the loss of his family and his abject loneliness in the middle of the Pacific. I can't wait for this to come out on video so I can savor it again. My regret is that I didn't get to see it in 3D which I don't normally care for.

Read my full review (thoughts on the film, what I liked about it, the plot etc.) at: http://miloponsford.blogspot.co.uk/2013/01/kill-list-2011.html...Normally I don't like 3-D films; I hate the cheap, uncomfortable glasses, I hate how you have to look directly at the center of the screen all the time, and they make me feel dizzy. However, the visually-stunning masterpiece that was up on the screen completely took me away and I was completely engaged with the bright colours and amazing imagery. I've heard it's amazing in 2-D, though, and I'm sure it is. There aren't really any exclusive 3-D scenes (such as subjects coming towards the camera), but there is so much more depth in 3-D films, which really brings out how amazing the cinematography was. The composition in every scenic shot was brilliant, and there were some really-amazing scenes and random events that occur with Pi out at sea. The book challenges the idea of reliability, as the imagery could be made-up due to Pi loosing his mind when he's at sea, but we see this vivid imagery ourselves which makes us lean towards the crazier story about the animals on the boat, not the people......I first read the book, Life of Pi, by Yann Martel, in 2009. I also read it in 2011. I've always loved the book as it too has very powerful imagery (especially for a book), and I was hoping that the film wouldn't let down the book like most film-adaptations seem to do these days. I really wasn't expecting Ang Lee to direct it well as his previous films have been nothing like Life of Pi. However, the film was exactly like the book (besides a few little differences), and I was more than satisfied. I'm not sure whether I prefer the original book or the film; they're both brilliant......The story leaves the audience with a question: which of Pi's stories is the truth? I believe the second story to be true. I would like the first story to be true, with it's incredible sequence of random events that haven't been experienced or discovered, but it's unlikely. Why? Because Pi was stranded for a very long time and after seeing nothing but sea and having a bad diet, lack of sleep and suffering from the heat and the pressure he faces, he probably went crazy. We see how exhausted he is when he arrives on the shores of Mexico; he cries and cries until he is in hospital. Also, the island has never been discovered and there is no evidence of any of the animals or events that happened. I also struggle to see how a young man survives that long at sea on a raft with a very hungry Benga tiger, even if he trained it; as Pi's father says earlier on in the story, "you think tiger is your friend, he is an animal, not a playmate". The whole movie is about knowledge versus faith; Pi questions and tries different religions and throughout the film these beliefs are questioned with knowledge. What the audience has to decide is whether or not they believe in knowledge of faith, just like Pi did earlier on. I believe in knowledge......In conclusion, Life of Pi is an absolutely brilliant film. Ang Lee has created a masterpiece in the world of cinema and this film will long be a very-memorable film due to the breathtaking cinematography and beautiful scenery. The film is far from a let down to the book, and in my opinion actually excels. 10/10, because it's exactly like the book, not a typical Hollywood adventure and I honestly can't flaw it.

I have not read the book and did not know what to expect from this movie. Therefore the impact of the storyline and the "surprize" at the end really caught me bare handed. It made such an impression on me that i actually could not fall asleep that night still trying to understand the subtle meaning of the stories.You need to see it in a 3D cinema. Although the 3d effects are not what makes this movie great, it does add up to the overall impression Hope to see some Oscars on this one, for interpretation, effects, storyline, everythingAng Lee as always in best of shapes!

This is the best movie in 2012 hands down, I HATE 3D, but this movie actually makes incredible use of 3D. No eye strain whatsoever and the effects feel right. This movie should be a benchmark for all 3D movies to come, and i hope future movie directors learn from it. The storyline is amazing, so magical and reflects the spirituality of India and its various religions. The CGI is beyond incredible.This movie destroy's the hobbit's 3D (which was terrible). I strongly recommend everyone to go see it , DO NOT MISS IT. and watch it 3D (even if you hate 3D), do not see it in 2D , i just can't imagine this movie to work in 2D and Ang Lee said it himself, that this movie just doesn't work in 2D and he's so right. Trust me, this is coming from a strong disbeliever in 3D movies (i hated Avatar 3D btw), but THIS IS IT, this is the movie that defines what movies will look like in the future.

I'd say the movie is a must for both the atheists and the God-fearing beings. It gets cleared out in the beginning itself Society today has lost and confused the meaning and the spirit of God. Movie try to make sense of out of His spirit. One of the dialogs in the end changes one's all entire outlook towards Him. Its not a thriller movie but still I'd say its the core of this movie. Movie has some of the best visual special effects I have experienced since Avatar in 3D - especially the beginning and his imaginations in between. I'd suggest watching it in 3D only as 2D might just take away all the fun form it. Acting of Pi is very good. The movie deserves an Oscar from next year's academy. Excellent watch !

I don't read novels and I thank god for that(for me, the word "novel" itself is sufficient enough to induce sleep/boredom). My first reaction after watching the movie: 1.felt nauseated, not because of sea. 2.felt like crying not because of the movie, but the allegory. 3.felt like transported somewhere in time and space, not because of 3D/CGI. 4.Remembered Yann Martel's genius, not Ang Lee or Parker or Pi.I am recovering now and might not watch this movie again because it will take me away from theme of the movie.Now, I am a different man, still figuring out the difference.There is some sort of electric burst in my Brain.Feels like my alter ego is born at last......This is not a movie, this is an art.

We live in an era of cinema where it's very difficult to feel fulfilled with contemporary movies. There is some dissatisfaction about how the emphasis is on special effects and more than often the script is weak in comparison. Also, some people associate only serious themes with quality, and we can't help but wonder why we seem to place so much weight on period/costume movies while evaluating films. Thankfully we have people like Ang Lee who will not put a film together if the elements don't fit. With the exception of the "Hulk" which looks right and has a good story, yet it didn't quite match his other accomplishments, and he has tried just about every genre in cinema.Here he gives us what could be his absolute masterpiece, "The Life of Pi" a film that works in so many levels: it's entertaining, wondrous, a metaphor for faith and the power of life, for just about every feeling we can think of or feel. It is so powerful that every single frame and line in it has a purpose and grabs our attention in a gentle and yet, sure way. Once the film begins, you can't look away or engage in any other thoughts, and all sorts of annoying technology (other than the one in the screen) is forgotten. As a member of the audience, you want this superb piece of imagery and storytelling to continue charming you, teaching you, getting inside your head, heart and soul.Pi tells his amazing survival story to another man, a writer I believe, and the beginning of the film provides the background of a young man who believes in spirituality and searches for answers from early. Later on, as the story takes him across the world, his beliefs and faith will be tested in several incredible ways. Pi is from India, and he has a connection to living beings and other spiritual entities. His family doesn't quite understand his hunger, but his mothers tells the others to allow to pursue what he feels is right.As they decide to move to Canada, tragedy strikes their ship, and Pi finds himself stranded in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, with a few animals that managed to escape from the cargo holds. His odyssey, with Mr. Lee's amazing control of every possible film element, from one of the most sensational pieces of editing, some magical cinematography, sound effects, and a lovely music score, we learn, as he does that there are a few miracles out there, and most of the times, encountering them is a test of the soul.Most of the interaction is between him and Richard Parker, a Bengali tiger that has as much will to live as Pi does. Lee has filmed some unbelievable scenes, and I am still in awe about the way he did accomplish this. It's either the wonders of great editing, some quite sensational computer graphic imagery, or just plain terrific direction by Lee.Pi and Parker's main goal is to survive, and they start by outsmarting each other and proving their worth, claiming territoriality, and giving us some thrilling and at times, very funny and scary exchanges. Eventually, as the story reaches its last sections, we see another type of link develop, and a film that is certainly qualifying as a wonderful movie from its beginning has now soared into greatness. The audience must be ready to gasp, and choke as powerful expressions, sometimes wordless acting force us into looking into our own emotions. Tears will inevitable roll out as you witness beauty rarely shown in movies. "Pi" is surely one of the best films ever made, an instant classic, and a reflection into humanity, those entities we choose to guide us through our human trek in this world. Whether or not you believe its message, can relate to its ideas or just enjoy its execution is entirely up to you. It does offer an interesting choice at it concludes. You decide. Either way, it will move you.

The film is an celebration of visionary cinematography, top-notch 3D development and poetic story telling. Not mentioning its awesome screenplay.It's a true masterpiece that only Ang Lee's genius can manifest from Yann Martel's fabulous writing. It is a kind of stories that send its hanging-in-the-air message through a unique fantasy, which incredibly feels real. Pi's relationship with tiger named Richard Parker in life and death situations describe human's relationship with its creator: God always understands human perfectly and human can never understand God's perfection.

This movie is beautifully crafted by everyone involved in the film. The acting, directing, writing, and cinematography are all done incredibly well. All groups do a great job of building up the story from the beginning of the movie through the middle and finally hitting home at the end. The first 20-30 minutes where a little slow, but the small stories related to the audience by the main character, Pi, in the beginning of the movie start subtlety showing up later on in the movie. The movie delves into the duality of man and also explores different religious concepts. It is rich in philosophy and explores what everything all means. ***Spoilers***As many people have already written, the movie ends with Pi asking the writer "Which do you prefer" and the writer responding "The one with the Tiger." I think different people will view this phrase in different ways. One previous reviewer mentions it is written "prefers" as opposed to "believe" because it shows that people adopt different belief systems based upon their own preferences; each religion having its own benefits and negatives. I viewed it in a completely different manner. I believe it was Pi's way of showing different religions/philosophies place in the world and rebutting all of his father's earlier assertions. It brought what happened in the beginning between his family and childhood and then in the middle on the boat full circle. 1. Pi's father was of the New India mindset and denounced Pi's adopting multiple religions, telling him in one scene to be rational and choose one; he is said to believe in Western Medicine after being cured of Polio and that people saved him, not God2. Pi's father in another scene shows Pi that Richard Parker is but an animal, and that when you stare in an animal's eyes all you see is your own reflectionIn Pi's story with the Tiger, he embraces aspects of many different religions and some allegories are as clear as day. In what is related as the real story, a singular, rational, line of reasoning is undertaken and understood. Pi asking which story is preferable is akin to Pi asking his father which world he would rather live in; one with people acting on impulse and reason or one with people acting on what they have learned with an open mind and understanding of different religion and philosophies. People can take lives (murder) as easily as they can save lives (cure Polio). In Pi's story with the Tiger, he slowly trains the Tiger and shows the Tiger with some human qualities and tinkers with the idea that a predatory animal can have a soul. In the "real" story, Pi becomes animalistic (acting on instinct and feeling) and you are left thinking about the dual nature of man. Since the cook and Pi take certain actions to stay alive, does it mean they have any more of a soul than an animal that hunts and kills at will for food? At the end, you don't know if either of the two stories is real. Pi tells the writer his story will make him believe in God and it doesn't have anything to do with what the negative reviewers wrote on here and elsewhere. It isn't about sugar-coating what actually did happen to cope with reality. You are lead to believe neither story is important when Pi's book he was writing in flies off into the wind. What is important is thinking about what type of world you would want to live in; one with everyone working in their own self-interest and acting, in dire straits, like animals, or a world with hope in which people look out for other people/animals. Pi couldn't understand why God would send Jesus to die for mankind, just as we can't understand which of his stories were true and where, if they did, converge. Pi could understand that he had been delivered alive, just as we, hopefully, could understand which version of events is better.

Lately I've been going to be movies with the uncertainty of finding a good movie, a movie that is not a complete bore, one that doesn't lack of a decent script or one without way too many special effects that overshadows the performance or the story itself. Rarely do I come out of the movie theatre with a smile on my face after having the good fortune of picking the perfect movie. Thus is the case with Life of Pi.Many times we see miracles in our every move, in every day and we choose not to see them, we're blinded by a blindfold that we put on ourselves and we question everything that we hear, everything we see. We need an open mind to the wonderful miracle of just being alive and that's what I got from watching Life of Pi. God closes a door but He always opens up a window. Or throws you a lifeboat that happens to have a Bengal tiger inside.

An Indian Teenager named Pi is lost at sea, on a life boat, with a man hungry tiger named Richard Parker. Pi does what it takes to survive, while trying not to be eaten. Will Pi keep his faith, and make it through this ordeal? Ang Lees direction is brilliant, so was the teenager playing Pi. The movie makes you feel that your lost at sea with the character. And the tiger is also good, I'm wondering what parts CGI. Although it does drag in spots, too the point where I was dozing a little, but it then it picks up. I think this is the best film of 2012, I hope it won't be missed by the Oscars. If they do miss it, well it's there loss.

I believe I have never seen a movie as picturesque and visually delightful as this one. It' a treat for the eyes, but that is just the tip of the iceberg, since this combined with the amazing coming of age story and good acting, dialogues makes this a great watch for everyone.The plot is nicely paced, maybe a little slow for some, but I feel that is necessary to hook one in and make the emotions portrayed feel true. However thanks to 'Richard Parker' there is also an element of thrill that keeps you on the edge time and again. These is a certain kind of purity to the story, but without compromising on subtlety and elegance. The scenes portrayed i.e. nighttime, sunsets, the lightning and storms, the exquisite variety of animals, underwater scenes; the rare but amazing quips and the beautiful analogy used as a 'proof of god' all on the whole left me strangely content when the movie ended, i.e. without the nagging need for 'more' that some good stories often leave behind.

Having read the book in sleep mode was very curious to see the adaptation to understand the journey. Well ! Primary interest that drove me to theater was Ang Lee, Tamil, Indian connection specially South Indian and to find God. To talk about the technicalities of the movie which I can't talk cause I know nothing about it then let me talk like a commoner about it "It was Spectacular". Title card goes along with a Tamil melody undoubtedly I was excited to see. There were moments and there were dialogues which evoked me to think it over and made me miss the next scenes some are "Hunger will spoil the opinion you have on yourself or Unceremonial separation or May be life is all about letting it go" all lingered in my mind even after coming out. It all starts with the writer's curiosity, I heard that you have a story that will make me believe in God. Story goes on and emotion transcends and it all ends with Irfan asking the writer which one do you prefer? Writer Says : The Tiger one. Irfan says : Same goes with god. I know you are not understanding what I'm trying to say, may be life is all about letting it go, you can even let this review go if bored but don't let the movie go from your heart cause it'll teach you something. Some say this is going to be the Oscar winner of 2012, it may or mayn't but truly a heart winner. Join the journey !! - Prasanth Baligar

Life of Pi is a magical film that will put you on the edge of your seat. If you like magical movies than this is it it is a wonderful story that you will have to see to believe. i love it so much. If you like drama movies than this is it because it is one sad but excellent story. It was one of those movies that everyone needs to go see. I hope this review has helped you. Life of Pi is defalenly an award winning movie It was a movie that you just need to see in 3D it was just one amazing film that you need to see. It was a movie that felt like you were in the movie you just want watch the movie you live it. it is without a doubt the next Avatar. I hope this review helped. This is one movie that if you have kids and teenagers you have to take them everyone will cry. Director Ang Lee did a wonderful job on this impossible film. I just thought that this was the movie that everyone needs to see before they die.This is a movie that will be remembered by everyone. I think if you like sad movies than you will enjoy this oneof a kind 3D movie.By the way this movie is the next Avatar for sure much better than Avatar it rocks.I hope you enjoy this masterpiece of a movie everyone it is the world's greatest movie ever.This movie is uplifting in many ways it is one of those movies that moves you it is a winner i loved it it needs to be seen that is how wonderful Life of Pi is it needs to be on the news it needs to be on Cupcake Wars that is how great thidss movie is everyone.ThIS WAS A MASTERPIECE. iT IS LIKE NO OTHER MOVIE EVER MADE IT ROCKS This is a must see movieLife of Pi is the movie that changed the movie world forever and you just need to see it. It is beautiful in 3D. I just love it and i hope you do to. It is a worlds masterpiece it is an movie that needs to be seen all over the world it is touching it will be the world's greatest film i love it great job to everyone who helped it become the movie it is now i want to say Thank YouThis movie makes me want to dance it is that good i hope you like this movie is much as i did it is a must see moie

Ang Lee is a great filmmaker. From his early Taiwanese films like Eat Drink Man Woman to his later Hollywood productions like Brokeback Mountain, he has probably never made a bad film. (And with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon he created an unparallelled masterpiece in the history of cinema.)Pi does not disappoint, either. In fact, the beginning of the movie is a genuine surprise. I had to check it was really Ang Lee who directed the film, because it looked and felt exactly like Jean-Pierre Jeunet's work (whose unique visual and storytelling style I also happen to love). Later I learnt that it was actually Jeunet who was originally slated to direct Pi, and he had done a great deal of work on the film until he dropped out. Ang Lee emulates his style so successfully in the opening scenes that I am thoroughly convinced he could direct a true Jeunet movie any time.But he adds his own touch to the film, as well. As always, he elicits great performances from the cast, and fills the screen with haunting images. Like all of his movies, Pi is beautiful, meaningful, deeply moving and has that visceral, eye-opening, lump-in-the-throat moment at the end that an Ang Lee film never fails to deliver.

They said that this was the unfilmable book, and, well, this and countless of other films also fall into that category (such as Cloud Atlas, which I plan on holding off seeing until I get around to actually reading the book, though I have since seen it because I could watch it on the plane), and I would also suggest that maybe books like Ulysses and To the Lighthouse also fall into that category (I know they have made a film out of To the Lighthouse, but since I am writing this at 38000 ft and have no internet access, I cannot comment on Ulysses – yep, they have).For those who have not seen this film, you will know it as the film about the boy who is trapped in a life boat with a tiger. Actually, many of you that have seen this film will probably say the same thing, I know I will. In fact, it is amusing sitting on the plane and looking around at the other seats to see who else is watching it (and the fact that I am stuck in this flying coffin for eight hours, I might as well watch it, but I do draw the line at Cloud Atlas – which I ended up watching anyway, and quite enjoyed it). Anyway, enough of me rambling, let us talk about the film.Visually it is beautiful, but having never read the book I cannot comment on whether it actually catches the themes of the book all that well. Based on the film, and the story that is told at the end, I suspect it is about how one struggles with one's animal instincts and the desire to remain human. When trapped alone, out of touch with the rest of humanity, it is believed that one will no doubt descend back into an animal nature.It is an interesting thought though, that the only thing that keeps us civilised is the existence of other people. The reason I raise this thing is because there are two stories, and one of them involves the boy stuck in the boat with the tiger, but this is a metaphor, in a sense. The boy is, well, the boy, and the tiger is the animal urges that are trying to take over the boy's mind. However, how do we know that that actually happens. Maybe there have been studies, maybe there hasn't.However it is not simply about controlling one's humanity because, in a sense, we also have a scene where boy saves the tiger's life, and we question whether that, in a sense, is his desire not to let go of his animal nature. In a way this struggle, as he says, keeps him alive. Maybe it is the case that by killing the tiger he kills himself. In a way, it could be the animal instinct finally winning, so by showing the tiger kindness, and mercy, one retain's one humanity, whereas by killing the tiger, one sinks and becomes lost in one's animal instincts.

Perfect Storytelling and great adaption of a novel which was considered unfilmable before the movie. Ang lee really broke grounds,to the level of avatar. Most visually enriched movie of the year. The magic lies within Special Effects and Cinematography. Great narration by Irrfan Khan as well as Good acting by Suraj Sharma. Not only visually but emotionally satisfying,i broke into tears during the movie and tears of joy in the end. I loved the reference Pi makes about Tiger,Sailor and his Mother to himself ,Zebra and orangutan. It gives us moral "Never to lose hope and Keep Trying,There will definitely a way out of all problems"

"Life of Pi" is one of those stories that get you thinking and people talking about "what does it all mean?" The line, near the end, where adult Pi asks the writer, "Which story do you prefer?" is telling, because he doesn't say "Which story do you believe?" This is not a story with one definite answer of what really happened on the boat, at sea for most of a year. The author of the source book doesn't even take a stand, he wrote it to be a modern day fable, a well-told yarn.I find the movie best enjoyed just by watching it and enjoying the story, and the beautiful cinematography without worrying too much about deeper meanings. It is a story about young Pi (short for Piscine) Patel who has a personal exploration with spiritual matters, and when he finds himself at sea in a lifeboat, with an adult Bengal Tiger, he uses his faith, his belief in God, to carry him through and trust in ultimate survival. And it doesn't matter if any individual viewer believes in God, only that young Pi does.Suraj Sharma is teenager Pi Patel in the 1970s, his family is forced to sell their zoo animals, all are on board a Japanese freight ship when, in a mighty storm the ship sinks, and the next morning Pi finds himself sharing the boat with an injured Zebra, a Hyea, and after a while, hiding under the tarp, Richard Parker, the adult Bengal Tiger. Eventually only Pi and Richard are left on the boat, and much of the movie is their saga of survival before eventually landing on the beach of Mexico.The movie starts and ends in modern times, with Irrfan Khan as the adult Pi Patel, a college professor living in Canada with his wife and two children. An author, Rafe Spall as the Writer , is there to learn of Pi's story and write a book. In the end as Pi tells of the Japanese representatives of the shipping line visiting him in the hospital, they found his story hard to believe. So he told them a second, different, simpler story. When the writer questions the stories, searching for an answer, Pi asks, "Which story do you prefer?" The author of the book things we should prefer the first story, because everyone else dies anyway, but it is a much better story.I have it on Blu-ray, the picture and sound are both just great. Definitely a movie to re-enjoy periodically.

The feature film "Life of Pi" is the film that brings many life lessons to people that watch because no one can imagine what a young Indian origin can simply learn as much as Pi learned during the story reported. A film that also has many high quality cinematic effects also shows that no matter what your religious belief, anyone can express their faith in what you believe in, and even with the most difficult situations, such faith will not be shaken. Through the vision of Yann Martel, author of the book that gave the film, and its director Ang Lee, with great simplicity and beauty portrayed the drama of a young man who finds himself often helpless, trying to survive in the middle of the Ocean Pacific in the company of one of the largest predators on the planet, we are led to reflect on our own lives and the difficulties they face in everyday life, and what is the real strength (or faith, as it is very prominent in the story) that we have within us to overcome our challenges, and Pi had great courage to face their challenges in life. The Indian actor Suraj Sharma in just 17 years, it surprises with its superb performance, it brings much life and brilliance in all the passages of the film that depict the adventures that Pi lived during his youth. Like many films were inspired in large bestseller, "Life of Pi" was also a result of a book, in which Ang Lee masterfully and also metaphorically portrayed to perfection in this movie. As much as Pi has experienced situations that virtually no one lived, the whole story is a way to show that you cannot give up in the face of an obstacle, however it seems insurmountable to our eyes, because as the plot shows, it takes to trust in ourselves, in our inner strength, even with my eyes closed, so that our faith is put to the test, because if there is no doubt we cannot say that faith exists permanently. "Life of Pi", a film for the whole family, who teaches the true values that often are forgotten over time and generations, to make us see the importance of a united family that cherishes the Sacred Teachings and mainly the respect for life, be it any creature.

Life of Pi is one of those films that almost immediately draws you in to the world it has created. I watched the film with a permanent smile on my face and surely that is all you can ask of any film! OK, so we all know the film is about a young man who is cast adrift with a tiger in the Pacific ocean in a small life boat. But, inevitably the story is so much more than that. Told largely in flashback, questions of faith and the human spirit are asked and sometimes answered. Almost uniquely in the day of the big Hollywood blockbusters, the film allows its audience to draw their own conclusions and not to be preached at. I'm sure the film says different things to different people, showing that what you bring in to a film will determine what you take out of it. The cast are excellent, especially the various actors who play our hero Pi Patel through various stages of his life. The different actors are all engaging and make his character believable and likable.The visuals are stunning and some of the 3D adds to the story and doesn't totally detract from it. I'm not a fan of 3D and this is the highest compliment I can pay to any 3D film. But, I think the visuals would be stunning in 2D. To be honest, I wish 3D would go away as it doesn't add very much and is a novelty at best. But, to be fair to director Ang Lee, he used it pretty well.I haven't read the book on which this film is based, so I can't say how true to the book the film is. But, the highest compliment I can pay to the film is it made me want to read the book.All in all a great film that I can highly recommend.

I have to say, I almost never review a movie - mostly because there are already so many reviews out there - but I have to make an exception this time.I saw the movie for the first time 5 days ago, and I recall that when I got out of the theater, I had a mixture of feelings about the plot, the characters, the believability of the whole concept. But, as Irrfan Khan said in an interview for the Screen Team Show, "It's a film that will start resonating after you watch it". I saw it four times in one week, going from theater to theater, seeing it with a variety of people, and each time, I discovered countless details that got away the previous times. I grew to admire and love the characters, the actors and the way they everyone managed to embrace their role.I think Suraj Sharma was amazing in the role of Pi, and I am quite disappointed seeing that he didn't manage to get nominated for an Oscar. His acting is flawless and he conveys the energy in a way that it affects your subconscious and you start recalling and rewinding the movie many times after it's over. I believe his acting surpasses that of many appreciated and versed stars and, as he said, part of it is the merit of director Ang Lee, who showed his genius one more time in this incredible motion picture.Finally, the soundtrack is one of the best I've listened to this year and it fits the movie perfectly. Mychael Danna has done a great job again.I recommend you to go to this movie several times, for understanding it deeper. To see it in 3D is amazing for the first time, but after living this experience, a normal viewing will help you pay more attention and see many details you missed before. It is in deed, an amazing movie and no wonder it got 11 Oscar nominations!

Pi Patel is the son of a zoo owner in Pondicherry,India and when the business fails they decide to move to Canada and sell the animals off.The family sets off on a Japanese ship with all the animals on board, much like Noah's ark,only this time the biblical floods have been replaced by Indira Gandhi's emergency.But that does not make it a political film! There is a perfect storm at sea and Pi somehow finds himself adrift in a lifeboat with a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena and a huge Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.The smaller animals fall victim to the food chain and Pi is left alone with the tiger.We are now faced with a simple question, are there two animals on the boat or one human and one animal? This is one of the pillars of our belief system.If we believe the we humans are in a league of our own and above all other animals we fall roughly into the camp of those who also believe in intelligent design and therefore puts us immediately at loggerheads with environmental issues.To accept Darwinian evolution and mix it with spirituality is one of the key challenges and part of the bigger question of reconciling science and religion in a post industrialized world.Children are born atheists and amoral.They acquire morality and faith or a combination of both as the result of a variety of factors driven primarily by parents.My 5 year old daughter is drawn to the creamy layer of Hindu Gods( out of the teeming masses of no less than 33 million) when she listens to stories of the Ramayana and Mahabharata. At school they pray to a secular God everyday.Yet she lives happily in an atheist household.What her beliefs will be I do not know, I merely intent to give her the gift of choice, while gently reinforcing my rationalist standpoint which I regard as my moral duty, just as my parents felt it was theirs to imbibe in me the fear of God.The key question of why Pi was drawn to religion remains open. He ends up a professor of theology.The 200+ day ordeal can change anybody profoundly.The trapped Chilean miners contemplated resorting to cannibalism to survive.Danny Boyles 27 Hours is another true example of the triumph of the human spirit when the protagonist amputates his own arm to survive. So the fictional story of a boy who survived impossible odds should not make us religious. The film is shot magnificently, its a superlative act of visualization to bring this story to the screen and Ang Lee certainly has that gift. Intriguingly, the way he handles the Indian angle of the film and the prelude to the fateful voyage reminds me of Mira Nair's work in The Namesake which was a lesser film but filled with some of the same elements, a boy who grows up with an improbable and embarrassing name, the presence of Irrfan Khan and Tabu and the challenges of an immigrant family in the alien landscape of America as a nuanced adventure, thematically similar to Pi stranded with a tiger in the vast oceans.There is a scene at the end of the film where Pi parts ways with his feline companion.Richard Parker does not look back at Pi to bid him farewell and walks away unemotionally while Pi sobs with heartbreak.The tiger and its fear kept Pi alive, which is an interesting counterintuitive logic where fear keeps us alive.Perhaps an emotional void is mans biggest enemy. As he recounts the story many years later his eyes well up with tears again.We are supposed to feel that humans have a monopoly over emotions and this sets us apart from the rest of the animal kingdom, which is factually incorrect. Richard Parker deserves to be cut some slack as he has just survived an equal or probably even greater ordeal at sea!Mention must be made of Suraj Sharma who went to the audition to accompany his brother but landed the role out of 3000 aspirants.He does an outstanding job as a gangly youth who fights his circumstances with remarkable ingenuity and pluck.But the star of this visual feast must surely be the CGI tiger who looks us in the eye and brings to mind William Blakes classic poem The Tyger( a wonderful way to spell,sadly rectified in our school anthology) from his collection Songs of Experience, which was a sister poem of The Lamb.Pi is the Lamb here.When the Royal Bengal Tiger walks into the pages of history he will not look back with emotion at us humans who proved to be his worst enemies.We will be left wiping away our tears at having lost the most beautiful creature ever to our greed, indifference and arrogance. William Blake's poem brought to life by Ang Lee in the Life of Pi will hopefully survive for our children to fire their imagination.

Just watched this Ang Lee-directed film with my movie theater-working friend. He thought it was "weird" but enjoyed it as much as I did. I mean, it was so fascinating watching this Indian teen survive being in a lifeboat for who knows how many days with a Bengal tiger always threatening to eat him. And his later adult self telling it to an author provides some explanation for his beliefs and what have you. And the visuals, which we saw in 3-D, were so awesome! Ditto the music. I can't think of anything else to say but oh, what an experience! I really can't think of anything to say except what are you waiting for? If you like adventurous filmmaking, I most definitely recommend Life of Pi!

Hands down one of the best visual films of, hell all time! I was pleasantly pleased with Skyfall and went to watch Life of Pi with modest expectations. The 3D itself was something inspiring but that wasn't the best part. The capturing of the sea, the perfection of each shot and the acting of both the boy and the tiger, all perfected what was indeed an unfilm-able fairy tale. But the best part was the ending. No not that ending. the very last one. I shall not divulge the secret because that would be a criminal offense. And no it isn't a twist of Himalayan proportions. Just a minute detail out of place and there you have it. Perfection and simplicity. In a deeply complicated theme. In one word, Brilliant.

If you ever saw the episode of Seinfeld where Elaine can't stand the movie "The English Patient" yet everyone else does--but cannot explain why--this fits "Life of Pi" exactly.I suppose I am so anti-mystic that this would be inevitable. There are no lessons here for life, nor any enjoyment of watching someone else battle the world. The movie starts out as if it is going to chronicle a "man against the world" story. But it progressively becomes untenable to hold on to that idea as weirder and weirder things happen. It became so mystical I could barely stand to watch it. And of ALL THINGS dumb, 10 minutes of the camera focusing on someone talking about what you just saw right in the middle of the movie! BORING!!! You watch a movie to tantalize your eyes--this does not. My kids were asking when this would EVER end.

When I started the movie I really wasn't expecting much, but both the storyline and the plot got me intrigued. Moreover, I saw the reviews the critics the media and people made, so I told myself: what the hell! I'll watch it and see for myself. The storyline makes you go places you wouldn't dare to explore. And the picture in this cinematography make you wonder if any special effects were used at all. The story of Piscine is intriguing, even hypnotizing. You wonder if all of this is a dream or just pure, blunt reality. Be prepared to be shocked, discover your very true nature, Or dare you? This movie is a piece of art, something everybody should reflect about and go farther than just a movie, a film or whatever you may call it. It makes you question what your life is about and what want to do with it. Enjoy the screening!

This is a spectacular movie, and those are rare these days.How could anyone not like this movie and its story? The special effects are almost seamless and the fitting together of "real" moments and moments that must be fantasy (the lake-like calm clear ocean in a dreamlike sequence, the floating island, as examples).So, it borrows a bit from "Castaway" with the storm, the sinking vessel, the whale, landing on an island, to name a few examples, it still holds our attention throughout and does everything else superbly.And of course the zinger is the twist at the end when we learn that the entire story we just watched may be a metaphor for what really happened, and we are given the choice of which story to choose. That's a nice bit of Twilight Zoniness that adds a great touch.I didn't know what to expect from this movie. I knew it had gotten a lot of good press, but that is no guarantee of a good movie. This one earns all of the good stuff people say about it.

I am one of those idiots who did not watch this movie in theatres. Luckily I waited for the bluray and watched it. I heard big things about this movie and was doubtful whether it would reach my expectations. But yeah it did more than that. I was like a kid while watching the movie. No surprise in Ang Lee getting the Oscar for best direction. The amounts of courage, dedication and passion one needs to direct such an extravaganza with no known actors (though Irfan khan and Tabu are known). The film ponders upon many facets of life. The heart of the movie is Richard Parker. Without him there is no meaning for Pi's journey. Its one of those movies which can be watched with your kids and enjoy like they do.

If you want a different kind of adventure-dram movie, you should watch this! First, Life Of Pi isn't a predictable movie! When I finished the movie, tears was in my eyes and I was saying "Again!". It's encourage to you think about movie. There is no clue about its end or another adventure. There is just Pi and his desperation.He has unusual religions. Yes, I said "religions".It is another different spot in movie. It is also a love story from the boy and the tiger "Richard Parker". They are fear of each other but they need each other.It has unusual eye to "animals". The Orangutan as Pi's mother and The Hyena as the cook and The Zebra as the Chinese and The Tiger as Pi.Life of Pi is a fantasy novel from Yann Martel.It has Ang Lee's bears signature. Pi as Suraj Sharma. It was his first movie but he did some mistakes but he showed us amazing acting.The special effects are so "special". Colors, make up, sets are perfect! The movie was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, it won four! It was nominated three for Golden Globes. It won one. So if you didn't watch, you have to watch!

First of all great team work. Made me awe and jealous in a good way. The movie is so true to all elements about India and narrative way was too great, nobody can claim to have made this movie better or best because this is the best of the best. I haven't read the book but the movie has provided me a visual as well as audio treat. Visual treat I don't have to mention(it's known to all who watched this fabulous visual movie) now by audio I meant the score the start itself had traditional Indian music inch by inch but with a new pleasant and at the same time modern in instruments without just using it here and there. The team(visual,sound,actors,directors etc) have provided a new and more spectacular fantasy and dream like movie where in all elements of Hinduism are treated without any mocking sequences. The movie made me think and what I think this movie has conveyed are 1. Life has a meaning and to completely understand it is really hard (Anandi first love but marries another woman) 2. Circle of life comes in where dominant species kills lesser dominant species for survival(hyena kills orangutan and zebra in turn hyena gets killed by Tiger) and man being most dominant is able to train all other animals with his will(Pi training Richard Parker). 3.God works in the most mysterious ways 4.Never give up hope even when the shadows of lose is high. And the final sequence where the tiger just goes into jungle without turning back even though I didn't expect or didn't want it to happen but added meaning to what his father claimed. This movie is worth being called Indian movie because it brings in all our tradition,beliefs,ideas and myths into screen without losing its charm. I congratulate Ang Lee for Visualizing India in the most positive and effective way,each frame showing India was superbly taken and I wish more movies comes out which brings in the values of our nation rather than over hyped and very typical movie like Slum dog millionaire which I hate. And finally I found the ending as somewhat like Inception's ending where the viewer has to determine whether there truly was a Tiger(at the end Tiger goes into jungle and the screen becomes black and white) or just fragments of his imagination to do away with the loneliness or Is he paranoid?Some scenes made me think him as insane(1.When storm comes he pulls away the shelter type clothing and reveal Parker to the extreme weather condtions when he is tied to the boat). Anyway it's upto you viewers to believe in 'GOD' version or 2nd version. I believe in the more colorful story that is 'GOD' version rather than dull boring 2nd story without any color.

This movie has the best special effects imaginable, it is on the same level as Avatar. It has the perfect elements to be a fantastic film, suspense, comedy, action, and very emotional. Pi and Richard Parker form a passionate relationship through survival. Cast away alone above the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the ocean which goes down 7 miles. The actor of eighteen year old Pi deserves a best actor nomination at today's Oscars. Life of Pi will roar at the Oscars no doubt about that. It deserves best picture for how beautifully and original this film was made. People will argue that Argo has it all but that did not touch me in a way that Life of Pi did. When Richard Parker did not look behind at Pi when they reached the shore of Mexico, it shows how much Richard Parker mention to Pi.

This is not just a movie, it is a real masterpiece. It is what a film should be. The cinema is the telling of a story through images and sounds and this film does all this, and more, in a very beautiful, artistic and touching way.The visuals are breathtaking. From the opening scene (the zoo), a swimming pool, even a shipwreck, to the images of the ocean, the fauna and the sky. Every frame is a beautiful picture. The colors are bright and perfectly blended. The little boat just floating in the immensity of the ocean where you can't tell where the water ends and the sky begins will amaze you.The soundtrack is magnificent. It is very touching, it sets the moods very well, and the Indian sounds suit everything wonderfully.The story is moving to the core. Everyone who has lost something or someone dear will be moved to tears. Everyone who has ever said a definite "goodbye" will walk out the cinema with a knot in their throats. Whether you have faith, whether you believe in God, in some power, or whether you don't, you will be looking inside yourself, wondering, reflecting.What do we have when we've lost everything? Is there a higher power? Do animals have souls? Are we any different from them? Which story do you prefer?

What a great story to fill my rainy day with. The movie was brilliant, the story was fascinating and the lead actor was a legend. Heaps of discussion afterwards with friends to revisit the great spots. I was told there were some slow spots, but I disagree - sometimes you need to take a breath. The spiritual journey was so subtle yet so grand. I found myself getting very emotional towards the end, with the dialogue, it was a wonderful story. I watched it with my 10 year old daughter and her 11 year old girlfriend. All three of us were captured from the start. I very nearly turned around and watched it all over again. Ten lines is a lot to write when all you want to say is, "it was brilliant! A must see!"

Incredible !!!! I have never been to a movie that left me stunned at the end like Ang Lee's Life of Pi. I looked around and everybody in the theater was sitting in there seats, momentarily stunned, absorbing the wonder of the movie that we all just experienced, and when the Credits displayed on the screen the movie and Ang Lee received a warm applause, a scene I've never seen before. Everyone watched this movie thinks he simply understood it. they think the story is so simple that a young boy lost his mom and dad and his brothers and everyone who knows and everything he has. Then he continues on his journey alone with a TIGER in the middle of the ocean 227 days until he survives. REALLY? The story is more sophisticated than that ( I'll explain later..) The movie itself so outstanding, from the first minute to the end, its very entertaining, exhilarating, and heart-touching. The story-telling was great, the visual effects were perfect, the acting and directing was the best I've ever seen, Ang is really GENIUS, the way he simplifies the story (book) without loosing it's basic ideas was really a great film-making. the 3D was perfect (Watch only in 3D!!) Back to the story.. (I'll try not to spoil) - the scene that left me stunned is right at the end, when Pi Patel told the Japanese guys the other story, that scene helped me realize that there is something hidden in this movie.. something far more greater than that. After research i found that all the movie and the story is about symbolism, it's all about metaphors. these symbols sometimes brings historical stories like the name of the tiger Richard Parker, and sometimes even mathematically the story connects as well like the name of Pi (22/7 = 3.14) .. So who is Richard Parker?? who is the Orangutan? who is the Zebra ? What was the idea of the island ??!! why Richard Parker didn't look at Pi when they survived?? and many more symbols!!.. But more important than that was the faith, hope and other spiritual symbols. I won't go further in that to not spoil the movie! but when you watch the movie make sure to read about the hidden ideas to understand what Yann Martel- the writer of the novel- wanted to tell from this CLEVER story. That's why the novel Life of Pi won the Man Booker prize and that what makes it really a masterpiece and art at it's purest form.so in summary, I want to thank Yann Martel for the awesome novel and of course i want to thank Ang Lee for such a magnificent movie, waiting more creativity from you!If you haven't watch this movie yet, RUN to watch it in 3D before its gone and experience this journey on your own. because it's simply a MUST WATCH FILM!!.

To tell the truth: I really hate stereoscopic 3D. Well that of course is very irrational. After all it is just another tool in the filmmaker's toolbox. So the reason why I do not like it has more to do with the fact that a lot of studio bosses and distributors try to tell me that in the future all films will be 3D and in seminars some Stereoscopic Supervisors never become tired to tell people, that now films are so much better just because they are in 3D now. So ever since Avatar I had to watch one 3D film after another and come out of the cinema with the impression that at best the stereoscopic effect did not harm the movie - although sometimes it did. But I hardly ever felt that the 3rd dimension supported the story telling in any way. So besides the fact that the distributor can charge extra on a ticket for a 3D movie and thus will get more money out of it why use it?And why watch it in 3D, you might ask. Today going to the cinema is like ordering a sandwich at Subway. You can choose between 2D and 3D, with intermission (if the film is longer) or without, original language with or without subtitles or the dubbed version, IMAX or non- IMAX and now Peter Jackson added another sauce to the menu: HFR or 24 frames per second. Call me old fashioned but when I was young filmmakers actually made decisions when choosing the right format for their story and did not leave the choice to the audience that naturally does not have a clue what's best for the film. So I always try to see the version that comes closest to the directions vision. But this is hard to decide especially when you see that films like the new "Star Trek" or "Man of Steel" are suddenly announced as a 3D feature but were originally shot on film in 35mm and IMAX format. Who has made the decision here? Did the director even know that his is going to be a 3D feature? And how I am supposed to know?So this time having been so disappointed by watching the 3D Hobbit just a week before I tried to be clever and picked the cheaper 2D version of Ang Lee's "Life of Pi" and I immediately realized that this might have been a mistake. Even by staring at the 2D images of this great movie I could imagine that here is the film I have been waiting for ever since the whole 3D hype broke loose. So I went to see the film again the next day, this time in 3D and I got to say words that I never thought would come out of my moth: "You really have to see this movie in 3D!"Here finally is a director for whom stereoscopic filmmaking is not just another technical gag to make more money or to hide a 3rd rate screenplay behind it - excuse me, mister Cameron - but a filmmaker who really uses this technique to support the story and to make it an integral inseparable part of his movie like sound or color. Ang Lee constantly plays with the stereoscopic effect for example when he dives into a comic book illustration of the universe in the mouth of the goddess Shiva and thus illustrates the transcendental experience the protagonist has by reading this comic book. You really feel it. In another scene he morphs form 3d to 2d. The flying fish sequence is actually one of the most stunning 3D scenes I have ever seen. You actually start to worry about having a fish on your lap. But Ang Lee never uses 3D in these scenes just as an effect. It always supports the story and it does not only enhance the emotions but it really becomes an important part of the development of the protagonist's character. A reason why this works so well in "Life of Pi" is that in this film more than in most other films the story, the emotions and the inner struggle of the protagonist is reflected in the scenery and the setting.In interesting point is also that if you watch closely or check out the technical date here in IMDb, you will see that Ang Lee constantly changes the aspect ratio of the film depending on the scene. This shows how much aware he is of the importance of the format he uses.Of all the stereoscopic films that came out recently for me there are probably 3 modern films that are really worth watching in 3D, there is "Hugo", "Pina" and now on the top of the list Ang Lee's "Life of Pi". So what can we learn from this: Cinema of the future will be 3D after all if we only follow Ang Lee's lead? Definitely not! But if a filmmaker chooses a format for his film, he has got to make sure that it is the right one and that he really means it. A movie is not a Subway- sandwich after all.

Having been introduced to Ang Lee with his magical 2000 film Crouching Tiger,Hidden Dragon,which was also my first ever none-English language movie,I was thrilled to hear that for his next movie,Lee was planning to do something pretty special in 3D.Taking a look for some basic details about the film online,I began to fear that Lee may have strayed into the plodding Castaway territory,due to a good amount of the movie taking place between two characters being stranded in the middle of an ocean.Doing my best to lower the sense of doubt I had as I entered the cinema,I began to set to witness Ang Lee cast the life of Pi Patel in shimmering 3D across the screen.The plot:Getting introduced to a local writer by a relative,Pi Patel is told by the writer,that the small amount of info his relative has shaded with the him,has made him think that the life of Patel would make a classic novel.Accepting the writer's offer,Pi begins to tell him about his extraordinary,strange life.Decades earlier:Despite having been forced by his dad (Santosh Patel) to witness a tiger kill a goat a few years ago,a 16 year old Pi Patel (who changed his name from Piscine Molitor whilst at school) still feels a strong connection to the animals that his family keep in their zoo,with a tiger called Richard Parker being an animal that Pi has a particularly strong connection with.Feeling that greater opportunity is being offered in Canada and North America,Santosh decides to close down the zoo,and take all of the family on a ship to Canada,with the animals also being taken,so that they can be sold off when the family reach their new destination.Walking around the ship's deck,Pi notices in the distance that a powerful storm seems to be heading in the ships direction.Shocked by the appearance of the storm,Pi is caught completely by surprise,when the storm hits the ship with a number of knock out blows.During the ensuring chaos,a crew member puts Pi into a lifeboat,that he releases before the rest of Pi's family have a chance of reaching any of the lifeboats.Being unable to do nothing but witness his family die with the rest of the passengers as the ship starts to sink,Pi soon discovers that he is not the only occupant of the life boat,when a cover on half of the life boat by a group of animals that were originally from the Patel's zoo,which includes the rather hungry tiger Richard Parker.View on the film:Introduceing a religious element very early on in his adaptation of Yann Martel's novel, (with Patel being a Hindu-Catholic,who also teaches Kabbalah at a university)screenwriter David Magee (whose last credit was for being a co-writer of 2008's Miss Pettigrew Lives For A Day) handles the religious themes of the story with a real delicacy that never becomes overpowering or too preachy.Using Pi's multiple religious beliefs as a way to show a holding of faith and hope in a seemingly dyer situation,and also connecting Patel's experience's to mythological religious tales,with Magee superbly showing at the end,that the most outlandish of Pi's story,is actually the one which gets the points of his life across in the best way.Setting 90% of the film in the confined location of a life boat,and also having one of the two main characters be a tiger (!),Magee brilliantly avoids the easy trappings of the movie becoming a very dry affair,by using the changing conditions of the enviorment as a way to expertly show the rites of passage that Pi is going through.along with the conditions,Magee also gives the movie an unexpected,pleasing Comedy element which helps to show the bond which develops between Patel and Richard Parker.Keeping away from using 3D as a device to poke the audience in the eye with,director Ang Lee instead uses 3D as a way to draw the audience deep into Pi's world,with the scenes of Richard Parker possibly "turning" on Pi having a real dept of field,and Lee's use of elegant,long wide shots creating a strong,mystical atmosphere for the isolated world that Patel finds himself in.Taking a look online for info about the making of this stunning film,I was shocked to discover,that along with the film being lead by the debut actor Suraj Sharma as the 16 year old Patel (with Irrfan Khan giving a great performance as the adult Pi) Sharma co-star,the tiger Richard Parker,was almost completely CGI!Displaying no signs at all of tearing the movie at the seems,the CGI effects of Richard Parker blend seamlessly into the envioment,with the interaction,and developing relationship between Pi and Parker looking astonishingly life-like and completely photo realistic. Getting some pretty tough challenges put in front of him,which include being the lead star in his debut performance,and also having to act with a co-star who does not exist,Suraj Sharma gives a brilliant,eye-catching debut performance as the 16 year old PI .Showing the fear and hurt that Pi feels over seeing his parents die,Sharma expertly portrays in subtle gestures the changes that take place with Pi during his experience,that go from being closed in and fearing the unknown,to opening up,and allowing the viewer to be a part of the life of Pi Patel.

¨All of life is an act of letting go but what hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.¨This film reminded me of why I love movies so much. Even though it is very hard to come across these gems nowadays, once you finally discover one you completely fall in love with it and are reminded why you fell in love with movies in the first place: it is just such a magical and emotional experience. Life of Pi is among the 3 best films of 2012 and despite my dislike towards 3D movies in general, I loved its use here. The art direction, visual effects, and cinematography were astonishing; it was one of the most beautiful films I've seen. This is a film you will want to see in 3D and enjoy the experience as much as possible because in my opinion this is the best use in 3D that I've seen. Life of Pi is based on the successful novel written by Yann Martel which many considered impossible to adapt to the big screen, but Ang Lee found a way to do it yet again. Lee amazed me in 2000 with his wonderful Chinese film, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. He has always been a magician artistically speaking. He also did a wonderful job with the storytelling and cinematography in Brokeback Mountain, but in Life of Pi he directs his best and most complete film to date. I left the theater totally satisfied and amazed with the wonderful visual experience. I also enjoyed the performances and the storytelling; so I have nothing really negative to critique about Lee's work here. I also love climatic twist endings and this film has one of the best I've seen since The Sixth Sense. This is a masterpiece and a must see movie for all.A writer (Rafe Spall) has been sent by an acquaintance to visit a man named Pi Patel (Irrfan Khan) who has a story to tell him that will make him believe in God. Pi receives the writer kindly and while he cooks for the man he begins to narrate his story. The writer is curious to find out what Pi has to tell him and he patiently listens to him as he narrates his story from the very beginning. He explains how he got his name, what his family was doing in India at the time, and so on. Of course none of this is really what the writer is expecting to hear until Pi gets to the heart of the story. He explains that his family owned a zoo and that his father suddenly decided to move them all to Canada. While they are all (including the animals) on their way to Canada on a carrier ship a heavy storm intercepts them and the ship sinks. Pi (the younger version played by Suraj Sharma) manages to survive along with a couple animals: an orangutan, a zebra, a hyena, and a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. Pi struggles to survive along with the animals in the small lifeboat in middle of the Pacific Ocean as he encounters many obstacles that will test his faith. The film is told in a similar fashion to Slumdog Millionaire (through flashbacks which happen to be longer than the present scenes) as we have the narrator telling his incredible story to the writer.Suraj Sharma is really great here as the main character. Incredibly he has had no prior experience as a film actor, but he singlehandedly delivers this movie considering he is in the boat almost the entire time on his own (the animals were added mostly through CGI). A lot of credit has to be given to the visual effects department considering the animals look so real and believable. This film is really beautiful to watch, everything about it is just wonderful, including the powerful climatic ending which had a great message. I thought the film worked as sort of a parable more than an actual metaphor. I haven't read the novel, but I really can't see how it can be better than the film. Lee's imagination works better than mine, and he has created a wonderful film with many memorable scenes that will stick with me forever. The film touches lightly on themes of religion and faith, but at the end it will make you think about it. Everyone can make their own conclusions as to what story they want to believe, but it was pretty clear for me as to where the director was trying to get as to how he viewed God. The less you know about the film before going into it, the better. The film does start a bit slow, but it was a nice setup in my opinion with some beautiful cinematography, and it just picks up from there. http://estebueno10.blogspot.com/

Suraj (Pi) deserves an Academy Award for his roll in this new classic film. I learned he has never acted before while interviewed by Jimmy Kimmel. Suraj was exceptionally brilliant portraying the character of Picine. He is a natural-born actor. Congratulations to Suraj.The film itself was sublime. I became intrigued from the beginning of the film to the very end. Never was there a 'dull moment'. The film closely follows the book, "Life of Pi", I was very pleased.The entire cast did a wonderful job in putting this beautiful film together. The cinematography was spectacular. I highly recommend this film as it is a 'new' classic.

It is more that a survival story and it is not about friendship. This story is about faith. Director Ang Lee use all the tools he have to make this movie about a solitary young man not a boring one.Ang Lee did it, although painstakingly. I was amazing by the soul of the film, thru the eyes of the Bengal tiger (amazingly) and the maiden acting of 17-year-old non-professional actor.Each shot has been framed perfectly by the cinematographer, Claudio Miranda.Be it the early stuff in India or the breathtaking moments at sea, everything in this picture just lights up the screen.But the best part was the ending. No not that ending. the very last one !

I was lucky enough to see this Incredibly Visual Treat movie in 3D.Life of Pi is surprised me a lot though i had some expectation before but trust me i witnessed One of the Best Experience in My Life.Story is more about a Survival of life and its more about faith in god.Why it is highly Recommended to Watch: Truly an Amazing Story with great adventures - Well Crafted movie - Hats off to Ang Lee - No Confusion from the Start to the End. If You know about cinema well or if you are a film maker you would notice many things in this movie which is just brilliant. Performance of Suraj Sharma (Pi) is was equally good with the Visuals. His body language towards the end was unbelievable. Special Effects of this movie is the Best of the lot. Some of the Scenes literally took my breath away. Richard Parker(Tiger) was terrific. Its introduction in the boat was the highlight of the movie. Undoubtedly My Favourite Character.It looked like a Real Tiger has shown its emotions throughout the movie. Great work by CG Life of Pie is an Honest Attempt and it is a World Class Cinema. Don't miss it !!! Happy To Share with You All !!!

Kudos to Ang Lee ! Must watch movie Life of Pi.3D was mesmerizing and cinematography was too good. Certainly a change in 3D movie industry.Suraj Sharma was brilliant as Pi. He can make happy scenes as equal as sad, desperate, hopelessness, exhaustion and anger ones. Very few movies allow an actor represent so many emotions.Irrfan Khan as the older Pi contributes largely in making the film emotionally compelling. American accent is a bit noticeable but overall good enough.Better watch it only in 3D theater, will blow you up. Animated character of tiger doesn't allow you to feel that it is animated, it was so real.

I could write several pages about this movie, but I decided to give the reader a short take. A breathtaking and well acted, well directed masterpieceMr . Lee takes us beyond a world only imagined in a dream. The execution of the 3D was the best.Oscar night will have a few nominations, but this one, by far, will be a winner in many categories...The night scenes were the most beautiful.The Tiger's realism was out of this world.The story unfolded many spiritual layers for me.

*Minor Spoilers*Advertised and rumored as the most spectacularly visually stunning & galling film till date, Ang Lee's film set right in the center of Pacific is a technically avant-grade production. Some of the visuals enraptured me so badly. And no doubt the film's towering accomplishments have been praised by none other than James Cameron.Technical excellence if flaunted throughout, but that's just not it; It's more. In the underbelly of the film lies an emotionally captivating story that is felt and experienced rather than viewed. The sense of being left alone in the world, with a boat and only a boat at stake, among wild animals that fight and outlive each other, these feelings come alive on the screen. One cannot stop feeling as stuck in the middle of nowhere as the protagonist does. We make the happenings our own.The impact is only exalted by the engaging cinematography and the very diverse background score. Mychael Danna was introduced to India on a wide scale with the Golden Lion winning "Monsoon Wedding" and has hence reaffirmed himself with the brilliant "Water", a score that make perfect use of western and Indian instruments. It is hard to believe it was composed by someone who lived outside India all through. "Life of Pi" is equally superb with the flute interludes standing out.Ang Lee's direction needs no introduction and praise. It is glorious, marvelous, matchlessput any synonym or even a hyponym in its place and it fits sound. Although he might not be as lucky as he was during Brokeback Mountain to win the Oscar. I love the way he doesn't compromise with the scenes and their treatment; He squeezes everything out of them on screen. The scenes are endless at times that one wonders why he pays such critical attention to every detail. It is overwhelming. Is the film self-indulgent? Yes I would say but in a good sense.Yann Martel's story is exquisite (though I haven't read the novel which I am keen to read soon) but it is the screenplay that is haphazard at places. It must have been problems with adapting a book. Lee can of course not always get a screenplay as good as the one by Emma Thompson for "Sense and Sensibility". But that doesn't hamper the experience much as the other wonderful aspects make up for it and it could be by far the best adaptation of a highly visionary and whimsical novel.Tabu has a strong screen presence and given the small role, yet she makes a long lasting impression. In her second international project after "The Namesake", Tabu makes the best out of the limited opportunity she gets. Adil Hussain is competent aside a dominating actor. Irfan Khan as the narrator & the older Pi is also refreshing. Suraj Sharma is an inexperienced actor but that never shows. Lee has made a perfect casting decision and the last scene in the hospital proves exactly why. Suraj Sharma looks at the camera that never cuts telling his "story" and we mostly experience the scene through his eyes that he expresses most of the story through.I also loved the way India was depicted in the film. Pondicherry was an intelligent choice in the first place. It gets rid of clichés and instead shows some of the beautiful things of India. Two particular scenes I enjoyed the most were the dance scene where the teacher sings the classical dance notes and the second where Tabu narrates the story of Yashoda seeing the universe in Krishna's mouth in Tamil. Life of Pi questions ideologies towards the end. It talks of reality that is difficult to assimilate, imagination that doesn't go beyond knowledge, a story that is seemingly imaginary yet claimed real. It tries to convince a character about the existence of God, structures a character as God-like and affirms faith and hope as the driving forces of human existence. The story has dark, ambiguous tones towards the end with which it questions what was 'right' and what was 'real'. It uses imagination as an escape medium for the protagonist.Despite all this, the treatment and the film as a whole is light, gives a typical happy end to the protagonist, hilarious at times, triumphs in the end unlike Lee's two previous films "Brokeback Mountain" and "Lust, Caution". Now that's what Lee's known for – directing films of diverse range and genre.

When I read the book, I understood why Life of Pi was pronounced unfilmable. Most of the plot revolves around a boy and a tiger on a boat. This is one of those cases where most would say "nothing happens". This story which isn't blatantly cinematic didn't exactly have a formula for a great film. Its production was also jinxed as it changed directors from M. Night Shyamalan to Jean Pierre-Jeunet, an Indian-American and a Frenchman. These choices made sense since the book was written by a French-Canadian but set in the Indian backdrop. Finally, the job was handed over to Ang Lee who is neither French nor Indian. This told me how judgments could really throw you off sometimes and prevent you from discovering beauty. Lee takes on this crouching tiger and truly gives us a hidden dragon. He has always been expert at subtle drama and handling unspoken/ unfulfilled relationships with poignancy. It all ultimately fits. I would even go as far as saying the book was waiting to be filmed by him. Nobody else could have made it.Visually, the film is unlike anything your eyes have seen before. It is just utterly magnificent. Avatar, Hugo, Tintin and now Life of Pi. Few films have exhibited actual use 3D and not thanklessly indulge in shoddy gimmickry. The images composed are so strikingly rich and alive that it would work even without 3D. There would be at least 10 instances where my mouth opened and I couldn't bring myself to let out a gasp since I was choked with amazement.As most fables do, they transport you into a fantastical world while being an allegory on life. I personally love the character of Pi. He is relentless, a child of god who never ceases to give up hope. There is another character you take home with you: Richard Parker, the Royal Bengal Tiger. He isn't a cute dog that everybody in the audience falls for but a fearsome presence like King Kong. There are other wondrous creatures like a bioluminescent whale, an island swarming with meerkats and flying dorados. Magic realism on film has never been this good.Suraj Sharma is soulful as Pi. I wouldn't be surprised if he goes onto become a Hollywood movie star like Freida Pinto. Although, the performance that blew me away was that of Irrfan Khan as the older Pi. In the scene where he talks about Richard Parker, two teardrops from his eyes moved me ever so deeply. The film will be getting several nominations at the Oscars, including the big ones. But if there is any justice in Hollywood (which there isn't, as we know), Irrfan Khan should be on his way to getting an Oscar nomination for supporting actor.Mychael Danna's music is simply unbelievable. He uses Indian flutes, French accordions along with classical western violins. Pi's Lullaby (in Tamil) is achingly beautiful and it is accompanied with a gorgeous credits sequence that will make A. R. Rahman sit up with envy.I was a bit concerned about a few sub-plots in the novel and especially the preface which deals with Yann Martel talking about how he came to write this story. This preface is now a sub-plot in the film as Pi gives the story to the writer and tells him to do whatever he wants with it. That writer is Ang Lee who has taken Martel's story and improved upon it. He squeezes out certain moments from the source material and gives it a new life. The ending of the film is classic Ang Lee and stands tall as one of his best closing moments alongside Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000), Brokeback Mountain (2005) and Lust, Caution (2007). It is safe to say he is one of those few filmmakers who can film any story of any genre and still make it better than the genre's luminaries. He is one of cinema's modern masters.The question everybody will come out with after watching the film is whether it was real or not? I don't wish to go into this at all as I wholeheartedly believe Pi's tale without a single speck of doubt (I find it easier to believe than many films based on true stories). It isn't exactly believable how Sense and Sensibility, a Jane Austen novel that was fundamentally British was also perfectly filmed, not by a Briton, but by a Taiwanese filmmaker. It may seem far-fetched but it's the truth. Truth cannot be truth if it only comes out of knowledge and not experience. Life of Pi is that transcendental experience. There are many who will have issues with the film's thematic elements. Believe in god or not, but if you believe in cinema, you will surely be blessed with a gift. The word I would use to concisely describe Life of Pi is: "beautiful". This is most definitely one of my most favorite films of the year.

Life of Pi is one of those films that you would think about leaving the theater and would stick with you for a long while. It has a lasting appeal, and a great ending that is not often seen in films these days as most film endings suck.It didn't start out strong though as we follow an older Pi telling his story to a journalist. He covers the younger years of his life, and if anyone has ever seen The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, you will know that his earlier years is fairly boring. We discover why his name is Pi, and its from a swimming pool. Okay. It isn't until he gets older where we finally see him on that boat and that big tidal wave hits, and the imagery is astounding. Pi is thrust into a lifeboat and this is really where our movie begins. Pi is trapped on a boat with animals: a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena, and a fierce tiger. In fact, most of the movie is spent with Pi surviving hunger and not being eaten by this tiger in the middle of the ocean. What a great concept! It's also narrated by Pi, and its fantastic!If there is one complaint that I think most people would agree on is the use of very heavy CG. You can almost say there is too much CG and what is some beautiful cinematography. The tiger especially as it looks very good, but at times you can tell it was CG. You would notice this on a scene on a beach where the tiger is walking. The movement seems a little off and it ruins some of the realism on what could have been a very emotional scene.I can't recommend Life of Pi enough though. There's so many things I could say about it and it is a fantastic journey that if I saw it as a kid, it would be one of those movies I look back on and love even just for nostalgia sake. I'm seeing it again with my mom. This is one journey I think everyone should experience!

This movie talks about how a individual, who loses his family in a ship accident, fights with unusual circumstances and survives the challenges posed to him. In this way he learns to see life in a brighter way and gets to know that hope is something that can win you anything. Suraj, the teenage Pi, was well suited for the role and certainly stole many hearts by his performance.The boat shots which were taken in the night were amazingly spectacular. And usage of 3D technology, especially when the ship wreck was sinking, was superbly shown. The screenplay is amazing, the background score is fantastic and the actors are well suited to their roles. All in all a perfectly made movie with excellent graphics embedded. Please don't miss this movie. Ang Lee was at his best!

We just saw this movie yesterday and were amazed to see how it comes up to its hype. Perhaps the first time I have seen a movie based on a book I have read that didn't make me feel the director had left something out or (more often) falsified the story in some way. Remarkable discipline here, remarkable results. Perhaps the most wonderful aspect of this wonderful movie is the way the 3D, that much maligned technology is used to create effects that bolster the emotional weight of the story. There's no sense of having things thrown into your face, just to create the illusion of 3D. The illusion here is that it all looks very real, especially the presence of the ocean. There's sense of depth as well as of dimension. It should open the way for a lot of creative work in this medium.

This is an excellent film, beautifully done,beautiful cinematography and the digital scenes were seamless. I want to see it again for those reasons alone. The movie made you feel as though you were part of the story experiencing all the things Pi did and felt. Suraj Sharma, a 17 year old unknown, was the absolute right choice to play Pi he is wonderful. It made me wish for more young actors like him instead of the same cookie cutter no talents that the movie industry seems to feel the public wants. The decision to go with an international cast of unknowns to most of the world, for the most part(Gérard Depardieu has a small part as does Bollywood star Tabu...theirs were the only faces I recognized...) Go see it - with your kids - it is wonderful!

I saw this movie in Bangalore in an IMAX theatre on a first show. I have watched other famous films from Ang Lee such as Crouching tiger. I had not read the book before but heard a lot about it. It was a very fresh experience for me without much expectations. The Indian setting is very beautifully captured and the storyline is compelling. The IMAX experience in 3D was the best I have seen so far. I usually hate 3D movies, but this one was exceptional. Visual narratives, imagination and the power of ideas with really sensitive photography has made this movie a master piece. I usually do not write reviews, but this movie has made me write one. That's all about it.

I watched this movie in Imax 3D yesterday! And boy, was I stunned! I haven't read the book so I will not compare the movie with the book. But, the movie in itself is pure pleasure for the senses, both external and internal. Its like a feast being laid out before your eyes, and eyes you wouldn't wanna blink! This is the best 3D movie so far (yes, even better than Avatar). The 3D and effects aside, I think its the story and the direction by Ang Lee that keeps the viewers engaged. And of course, the ferocious Royal Bengal Tiger, named Richard Parker. If only, animals could be awarded for their acting, the tiger would get the best actor award. The best scenes of the movie are the nighttime shots of the vast Pacific ocean and the underwater sequences. I didn't like the ending of the movie though, which made me doubt what I saw from the start. The spirituality aspect is delivered in plenty in the movie. Afterall, its a tale of survival against all odds. The movie is a winner because it delivers a simple tale which would have been so difficult to film in a manner which is not only beautiful but also humbling.

Unlike most of the movies adapted from books that don't live up to their source, this movie has done more than justice to Yann Martel's book. The introduction to India, the music, typical school life etc have been very well portrayed. The music interluded with Indian classical tunes on Tampura and flute was wonderful. The emotions and feelings that go to and forth between Pi and Tiger while abandoned in the sea are remarkable (although Pi should have a been more emotional when he loses his family). Mr Lee has blended 3D computer graphics very well into the main story line without getting the audience bored (though once there was a feeling that CG would have been avoided in some places). The movie had space for a subtle fun too which was acted out very well by Suraj (Pi). Finally you get to really contemplate about the movie once you are out of the theater about questions like Faith and Life! Great movie to watch.

In Canada, a writer (Rafe Spall) visits the Indian storyteller Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma) and asks him to tell a story. Pi tells the story of his life since he was a kid in Pondicherry, India and the origin of his nickname. One day, his father that owns a zoo tells that his business is not good and he had decided to move to Canada and sell part of the animals in the United States of America. They travel in a Japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue, there is a storm followed by a shipwrecking.Pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra, a orangutan, a hyena and a male Bengal tiger that he called Richard Parker. They are adrift in the Pacific Ocean and when the tiger is hunger, he eats the other animals. Soon Pi learns that he might find a way to feed and domesticate the tiger to survive."Life of Pi" is an overrated adventure with stunning CGI. I knew that the novel of Yann Martel is a plagiarization of the "Max e os Felinos" ("Max and the Cats") by the Brazilian writer Moacyr Scliar (Note: see the interview with subtitles in this link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIQitu5oYWw) .But the storyline is a rip-off of "Hell in the Pacific" and "Enemy Mine", with two enemies trapped in the same space, entwined with "Robinson Crusoe" and "Cast Away" and magnificent visual effects. The impressive marketing justifies the hype surrounding "Life of Pi". When Pi tells the true story of the wreckage, the magic is gone. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "As Aventuras de Pi" ("The Adventures of Pi")

I've been waiting for a film to really capture my imagination from 2012 and I was beginning to think it wasn't going to happen. Life of Pi finally did that. Stunningly beautiful and inspiring, it's the best movie I've seen from last year. A young man (Pi) and his family are shipwrecked while moving to America with the animals from their family zoo. While he manages to survives the ordeal on a life boat, he must find a way to co-exist with some of the other survivors of the wreck; particularly a Bengal Tiger curiously named Richard Parker. A few minutes into this I knew I was going to love this movie. The opening scenes were beautiful shot and the musical score was joyous and whimsical. I was intrigued from the start and the film kept me that way throughout. There's something about well made movies with animals just I can't resist (yes, I'm a sucker that way). I don't think I've ever watched Two Brothers without being moved to tears. First off all, Ang Lee does a lot with very little on screen out side of the ocean and a boat. You would think there isn't much you can do with a film story like this, but Lee makes it work (his creativity is clearly on display). There are some really beautiful visual effects scenes (especially at night time) and the CG Tiger was beyond belief! I still can't believe that Tiger wasn't real, just outstanding work by the visual effects team that worked on that. I also felt the 3D worked really well for this movie. 3D works when it's used to make the film more immersive (like in Avatar) and not just as a cheap gimmick in order to charge more. The pacing was very good at no point in the over 2 hours did I feel it dragged or lost interest. There was also more than enough to keep you entertained (again, it's hard to do this when limited with what you can do) and plenty of humour was sprinkled throughout. Combining this with the soothing score and great storytelling, this film just seemed to work for me on every level. There are some definite parallels to Cast Away; this seemed unavoidable given the nature of the story. While there were similarities, at no point did I find this film was a cheap imitation or ripped off Cast Away as some would suggest. This film stands on it's own merit and I even felt had a number of powerful scenes that rivalled Robert Zemeckis's classic. It takes great acting to make both these movies work and fortunately that is the case here. Newcomer Suraj Sharma (young Pi) creates a character you can't help but love. And Irfan Khan's (adult Pi) narration is outstanding and pulls everything together. Together they really bring this character to life and are very believable; when the emotional scenes come, they hit home. The ultimate scene of this film for me comes when Richard Parker and Young Pi's journey comes to an end and it's so heartbreaking it had me fighting back tears. Both Suraj and Irfan are completely broken and their performances lift the scene to what I think maybe the most emphatic of 2012. It reminded me of a similar scene in Cast Away that is one of my favorite movie moments ever and gets me every time. There are philosophical and spiritual elements of this film which I found really interesting as well. I tend to hate most movies where you watch most of the film and at the end the film does a complete 180 and says "Oh, what you watched the last 1.5 hours didn't really happen; *this* is what really happened!". That gimmick is often used to create shock value and most of the time is a cop out by the director for a bad story. The difference here is that mechanism serves a legitimate purpose in this film. In another moving scene in the film Young Pi tells another version of the story. The author (and Ang Lee via proxy) doesn't treat you as a child and dictate to you what to believe and why. Two stories are presented and it's up to you to believe in whichever you choose. The film makes it clear it's not so much which story you chose to believe, but why you chose it and whether or not you're at peace with that decision. And in making your choice, I think the film forces you learn something about yourself. I confirmed what I've always believed: that I'm hopelessly optimistic. I loved that this film challenged me in this way and it sparked a really interesting conversation on the drive home and among friends later. This for me is always one of the elements of a great movie; the lasting effect of it. What was the film saying? What does the film mean to you personally? How does it make you look at life or circumstances differently? These are all questions I was asking myself in the days after and even now still. And everyone has their own answers and opinions, as they should. And that's kind of the point. While I'm pulling for it to win Best Picture next week, Hollywood politics are always in play. It looks like that's going to either Zero Dark Thirty or Lincoln. Which is really unfortunate, because this is a better overall film than both of those films. I wish this had maybe come out in a weaker year where it would receive the praise it deserves. If this were to match up against say Slumdogg Millionaire or The King's Speech, it would be a no brainer in my opinion.This film blew me away and it's not to be missed. Movies like Life of Pi are why I love going to movies.www.themoviesnob.ca@the_movie_snob

LIFE OF PI (2012) Dir. ANG LEEFresh from Oscar-winning Ang Lee, veteran of the groundbreaking Brokeback Mountain and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, comes a film that will make the grey of modern life melt away - and reignite that childhood fascination with the universe you thought you had lost forever.Set, like quite a few films of 2012, against the colourful and bursting collage of India (well, at least before the boat bit) this is a road movie unlike any other in both the obvious and more magical senses. Our protagonist (unsurprisingly) is a young Indian man called PI, short for Piscine, the French for swimming pool.During a lavish and wondrous prologue we explore the past of our boat-bound hero - the son of a Zookeeper who has sadly been forced to leave India in search of Western opportunity, PI is about to see the world of magic, colour and fascination he loves vanish from the port window of a grimy Japanese freighter. As PIs origins unfold, we examine the cross-religious makeup of India, and the similarities between religious paths are directly pointed out (as is the silliness in them condemning one-another), interwoven with the unspoken soul of the nation, the culture, and the magic that seems to radiate from the very soil itself. Pi is a curious child, filled with the confidence and love of all things that can only belong to a child, surely?A storm claims the freighter, and Pi loses everything. His family, his future, his very world. The only thing that he seems to retain in this cataclysm is his positivity, very-Indian resourcefulness, and a charm you can't really figure out.Reset to zero, Pi has travelling companions who share his life-raft that happened to survive the crash - an Orang-Utan, a Zebra and a mischievous Hyena. But, as we all know from the trailers - there is a stowaway who quickly makes an appearanceOur Hyena is running amok, and after murdering the rest of their jolly band he turns to Pi. He doesn't get very far before Richard Parker leaps out of the storage compartments and flattens him. Richard Parker?Oh yeah, the Bengal Tiger.What follows is a touching, funny and sometimes crushingly despairing tale of a young Indian man following his soul - and becoming a citizen of the planet Earth. In the frame of endless nature in every direction, from beautiful sunsets that mirror on the untouched oceans, to storms that seem to conquer all, this film is about the erosion of cynicism, and the embracing of the magic we all deny ourselves. Can a human being co-exist with a tiger? Can a human being co-exist with the Earth? If we can - would it be a happy marriage?Ang Lee thinks so, and with the use of truly world-class special effects, including the greatest deployment of 3D I've ever known, we see a tale that has implications for the entire universe unfold. This film is for those who watch ducks, love sunrises or the smell of crisp wintry air. For those who smile at the scene of two magpies, or stop to stroke strange cats. This is a film, presented with cinematography that is more artful than functional, that tries to make you believe that you too, can fall in love with the world you were born in, all over again.Pi's adventure is a testament to what you can see when you take time to look - so take time to go see this film.

Wow !!!! I haven't been to a movie that left me stunned at the end since Green mile. I looked around and everybody in the theater was sitting in there seats, momentarily stunned, absorbing the wonder of the movie that we all just experienced. This movie is a must see more than once. I can't wait for this movie to come out on DVD, I expect I will watch it three or four more times before I feel like I really understand just how grand it is. The story is exceptional, the acting is amazing and the special FX are nothing short of spectacular !!!! Because of that, it is best first seen on the big screen. I think it's perfect for all ages and an instant classic.

First of all this movie is an amazing visual treat. Got the pleasure of watching in 3D IMAX ! and boy did I love it ! Ang lee has proved once again that his story narrating capabilities overshadow (rightly so) whatever glitter feature that is present in his movies (amazing VFX in this one). The movie grips you right till the end and at one point or the other everyone can relate himself with the lead character Pi. That according to me is the ultimate achievement of Ang Lee. Speaking about the VFX, this movie could well set a benchmark for all the 3D movies to follow.The visuals don't engulf the narration rather it complements it.Go watch it now. Treat your eyes to something spectacular !!

Right from the very first shot till the end of the credits, this movie is engaging, exhilarating, entertaining and most of all heart-touching. The screenplay is vibrant and has the power to glue the audience to the screen. Ang Lee has done a wonderful job and has made a movie that could be regarded as a classic. Every aspect of this movie is breath-taking. Each shots have been framed perfectly by the cinematographer, Claudio Miranda. The whole visual effects team deserve a standing ovation. They have proved that there is a very thin line between reality and dream. In some scenes I couldn't tell apart whether the tiger was real or CGI. The best part, or the part which I loved the most, was the Original Score by Mychael Danna. The music was fascinating and heart melting. Every detail about the movie is pitch perfect. A wonderful piece of art.

Life of Pi is an amazing allegory, that attempts to explain a very abstract concept. This will no doubt confuse many, because it touches on the heart of how we perceive our own spiritual beliefs, it challenges our ideas of religion, the things we have held onto since childhood to give us hope and inspiration. Many people will leave the theater thrilled by a story of a boy who is trapped in a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger and how they formed a bond that saved them both. The film is vividly colorful, exciting and haunting, masterfully directed by Ang Lee. But, just as we think we've had a rollicking good time with a fantastical story, the last part of the film comes at us, and shakes us up. This is the crucial part of the film, and if audiences choose to ignore this, they miss the entire message of the film. As Jung said "Man must have his myths". So it is with God, so it is with Life of Pi.

I'm afraid I must have missed something about this film. And perhaps I really did but there is nothing particularly awe inspiring as you might have been led to believe. For one the grand claim about making you believe in God is never really answered. There is a quick vague nod to it at the end but for me it made no sense. The main story has nothing whatsoever to do with God. So I'm a bit puzzled on that one. There is a bit of a semi twist near the end that I didn't see coming. This reveals an extra dimension to the story that was previously hidden to us. However the impact of the twist is never really brought home in any tangible way (that is quite possibly intentional). You would have to watch the film again to appreciate the twist but like me you will probably not be bothered. The best thing about the film is the cinematography, visual effects, pi himself, young and old (both characters and both actors)and the various animals. They are sometimes cute and have their own personalities. If you like nature programmes you will enjoy it. The 3D was never spectacular but a nice extra. There are a few gorgeous looking tableau like scenes of the boat on the sea with the skyline. Visually the film looks good throughout. Pi (younger)is an interesting character. He is intelligent and has a hunger for learning. His strange obsession with gods and religions is quite annoying though (especially for an atheist like me)and seems to serves no purpose for the narrative. I think the film might be trying to say something quite profound about religion but I'm afraid it was either made too subtly or just isn't there at all. Maybe you need to read the book. The actor of the older pi is quite brilliant and very engaging. Very stoic and dignified. All in all not a bad film but please don't believe the hype! Its a sad story really but the way it ends left me kind of cold and underwhelmed.

Life of Pi is a technical masterpiece of computer generated images, or CGI for short. It is leap a of imagination containing deep culturally rich characters, smooth transitions, gorgeous score, and a layered story. From the director Ang Lee, who created Hulk and Brokeback Mountain, comes a triumphant technical masterpiece that is on par with movies like Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity and James Cameron's Avatar. Life of Pi is a powerful visual adventure that will have the audience pondering the ending while thoroughly enjoying the journey.Life of Pi depicts a middle aged Indian man from Pondicherry named Piscine Molitor Patel or Pi for short, portrayed by Irrfan Khan (from Slumdog millionaire and Jurassic World) who shares the story about his tragic struggle of surviving 227 days on a boat lost at sea. Adolescent Pi, son of a zoo keeper (played by novice actor Suraj Sharam who received the part accidentally when accompanying his brother to auditions) tells how his family was planning to move to Winnipeg Canada when his boat was destroyed, leaving Pi as the only human survivor. Left on the life boat, he is accompanied by a severely injured zebra, an orangutan named orange juice who seems to have lost her offspring, a conniving hyena and a Bengali tiger that due to a clinical error is named "Richard Parker", who all travel on a spatial journey with Pi.Life of Pi's strongest scene would be Pi's childhood and how he was named Piscine Molitor after a French swimming pool, causing other children to make fun of his name because it sounded like "Pissing Patel". Through creative ingenuity, he convinces the kids at school to shorten his name to Pi Patel, and this opening serves as a strong hook for the Life of Pi. The scene with middle aged Pi retelling his story intertwined with his flashbacks does not break the viewer's emersion as it is seamlessly connected through cross fading. It also gives the cruel backstory that will be needed to understand the boat scene later in the film.The story of the tiny life boat seems intertwined with the many symbols of faith and man verses the environment. The notions of strength, courage, survival and the struggle of faith in Pi's life are present throughout the film. Before the crash, Pi claims to be not only Hindu like his father and family but also a practicing Muslim and Christian, which is a very interesting character trait. Throughout Pi's 227 day journey, God comes to help him in many different forms. Ang Lee captures and presents a full range of the many forms that God takes in this movie, from the giant whale breaching the surface of the water to the mystical island populated by meerkats. Life of Pi from the get-go lets the audience know that it is going to be an adventure that "makes you believe in God." Special mention goes to Rhythm & Hues Studio who created the visual effects for the movie, Life of Pi. Without the hard work of the men and woman working on special effects, Life of Pi would have failed to reach its full potential. For the majority of the movie, the tiger, Richard Parker, was created using CGI. However, for the scenes where they did splice footage of the real tiger and the CGI tiger, it became hard to distinguish between the two. In the behind the scenes, it is revealed that the computer had to render 2 million different hairs to make the tiger feel realistic, which is a technical feat. Some other noticeable uses of CGI in the film are the large bioluminescent whale, the swarm of flying fish leaping from the depths below, the ominous island of the meerkats, the crisp blue water and the clear sky. These were all key set pieces that would have left Life of Pi empty if they had been executed poorly or just left out. Overall, the CGI magic used creates beautiful visualization of isolation and faith.The Academy has recognized Life of Pi with many achievements and awarded four Oscars for cinematography, original score, visual effects and directing. I would highly recommend this film to almost anyone who has yet to see it and for people to re-watch it with information that is presented at the end of the movie. However, I would suggest to those who cannot stand movies that rely on CGI effects and characters that deal with isolation to avoid this movie. But other than that, Life of Pi is a technical master piece that should not be missed out on.

I cannot believe I watched this movie in 3D. What a waste of time and money! It was really painful to sit through. I don't understand how anyone could give this b***s*** an 8.4 rating!From the beginning of the story I keep telling myself to bear with it, probably it would get better but it didn't. It get even worse.I couldn't even bear to watch this movie until the end of it. And by reading other reviews, I'm glad I didn't wait until the end.I mean, seriously, the entire story was a lie?!!Mannn! if I was the writer who have been listening to his dumb story for hours and hours I would've kicked his ass!

This was an outstanding movie that combines solid acting, great photography, outstanding special effects and an interesting plot line. I was puzzled at how the director could make a movie about a boy and a tiger in a boat interesting, but he does that in spades. It is especially interesting to try to determine which scenes with the tiger are real and which are Cgi. Other than looking closely at the eyes, it is often hard to determine. The transitions between real and artificial are so seamless, the tiger feels real throughout. The ending as well is something special and leaves room for your own interpretation.Highly recommended.

Life of Pi was simply amazing! It had that epic feel in spanning the young life of the title character beginning as a young boy - and then his adult self. Add to that the drama and sense of adventure and survival as he is stranded at sea with some animals and eventually the tiger, Richard Parker. Throw in some fantasy and exquisite cinematography with the nighttime scenes especially. And the cherry on top? The message of faith but not in a preachy way. I think some have tried to read into the religious aspect maybe too much in reading other reviews. This film IMO was generalizing to suit a purpose. It's pretty easy to figure out. This is one of those movies that sticks with you. I will be buying a copy on DVD for my permanent library. Ang Lee has done it again!

Hey guys,This movie overall was O.K. I found it to be a bit boring but my siblings LOVED it. The theme was alright but I feel as if the story telling was off.Suraj Sharma as the young Pi was charming, funny, and incredibly engaging, while Irrfan Khan as the older Pi was fantastically genuine and warm. Adil Hussain as Pi's father was also a joy to watch. The characters are so rich and full of life that you really can't help but fall in love with them. I would also like to add, as someone who spends time with tigers on a daily basis, the animators did a wonderful and accurate job of bringing Richard Parker to life and making him the active and vital character that is so incredibly essential to the success of this story.

Best movie I have ever seen, hands down. I'm a huge movie buff, so it's an honor to shoot to the top of my list. And Life of Pi did.When he finished telling his story and asked "Which story do you prefer?", I found myself replaying everything he had been through on the boat and picturing it with people instead of the animals and my heart broke into about a million pieces just thinking the level of ache & pain that would be associated with that journey. I love that it's completely left up to the viewer to choose. I personally believe that the story happened with people which makes the animal story so much nicer, even though it was certainly hard to imagine sharing a boat with wild animals in the first place. The story isn't meant to break your heart, but it does. In a good way.

This movie was heralded as a feel good movie, but I left the movie feeling very flat. No doubt were the visuals incredible, but the story left me feeling confused and disappointed. The ending is far too ambiguous and open to interpretation. It left me feeling somewhat depressed that everything I had watched for the past hour and a half was simply a coping mechanism invented by a very traumatized individual. Much darker than the trailers or marketing campaigns made it to be. I don't get the hype whatsoever. I agree that it deserved Best Cinematography and Best Visual Effects at The Oscars, but how in the world did Ang Lee win Best Director over Steven Spielberg? Much of the work was done for him be effects crews. The effects alone make this movie an 8 or a 9, but the story being a 4 or a 5 out of 10 just bring it down. Very disappointed.

Taking big risks with big payoffs in directing, writing, production and casting were reasons enough for this movie to have won the Oscar for best movie. The story is tight and keeps you focused as no other movie I've seen in years. This movie breaks ground as it doesn't reprocess any story lines like there were in other movies that were in Oscar contention. Because this movie is unique I have to admit it took me a good half hour to get into the swing of what was going on. That is good since this movie takes you places you've never been and completely entertains you while doing so. This is what original movie making is all about. This is a must see movie.

this movie has it all from a great story line to great graphics to great relatively unknown actors. it's to bad that so many people in bad moods have rated it 1/10 just for spite. If you go through the ratings you'll see a solid 9-10 average across the board with the odd hater giving it a 1 but then bragging about it's awesome graphics. sorry but that just gets me mad. almost as bad as all of those English Guys giving Brave heart a 1/10 because they didn't like how they were portrayed in the movie.Any way Life of Pi is one of those movies you want to see again aright after watching it. You get lost in and if you had the chance to see it on the big screen in 3D you feel like you are on that boat.no spoilers and nothing to explain, just watch it if you haven't already.10/10 **********

The little I knew about Life of Pi before seeing it - a young Indian man is stranded on a lifeboat with a tiger - couldn't in any way prepare me for what I was about to see. The truly amazing thing is that that's pretty much all there is to it. Ang Lee weaves an incredible amount of emotion and depth into a very minimalistic, poetic story, and for that reason Life of Pi may be the most impressive cinematic achievement of the year - it's true cinema, a film that doesn't rely on a complex plot, shocking twists or tons of characters, but simply on coherent, free-flowing storytelling, beautiful images and utter precision. There's not a wasted minute or an unnecessary shot - the special effects are impressive but always subtle enough to leave center stage for the story. The film is incredibly easy to get into, it's constantly interesting, it's simple yet deep, and it leaves a lasting impression and plenty of room for debate - really, what more can you want from a film? Ang Lee is proving time after time that while he hasn't become a brand name like Spielberg and Tarantino, he's one of the most fascinating directors working today, mainly because he doesn't make the same film twice; Life of Pi is a perfect example to use when demonstrating how important a director is, and how much a good director can do with a very lean and (on the surface) plain script. Lee always had an eye for beautiful imagery, though, and Claudio Miranda's cinematography in Life of Pi makes for some of the most beautiful yet; not only the bulk of the film that takes place in the middle of the ocean and is dominated by CGI, but also the live action segments, especially the first thirty minutes. The opening sequence in particular is one of the most gorgeous I've seen in years, and while watching it in 3D makes the immersion a bit quicker, it's by no means essential and it's impossible to not get lost in the film, no matter how you watch it.A quick word on religion: I've heard about some people who avoid Life of Pi because, as atheists, they reject the religious undertones. I'm a devout atheist myself, and enjoyed it immensely, and I encourage other atheists to watch it too. The film has a spiritual undertone, yes, but it doesn't force salvation down the viewer's throat like some other films. In fact, I don't recall seeing another film that made me feel so sympathetic towards believers; it portrays religion in an ambivalent, affectionate yet critical way, and it leaves quite a lot up to the viewer's interpretation. It also makes a point of showing that, while religion has its purposes and can be of great help to people in tough situations, the division and hate between believers in different brands of religion is the thing that messes everything up, which is a message that I, as an atheist, related to. All religion, Life of Pi says, is pretty much the same - it's a way of coloring reality, of making it easier to handle and seeing the beautiful side of it. Like stories, and like films. Life of Pi is an ode to storytellers, be they Pi, the originators of religion or Ang Lee itself, and it's one of the most beautiful pieces of storytelling you'll see.

a truly amazing movie! it is so beautiful, i was left awed with the imagination of its creators.has its funny moments, moments of hope and despair...i didn't think at first that the story of a boy and tiger on a boat will intrigue me in any way, but cinema still has the magic, and modern technologies do make miracles happen.somehow at times i thought we're on the planet Pandora (Avatar), it is so surreal to realize this is a very Earthly story.i still think the ending somewhat spoiled the magic, there was no need to bring us down to the brutal level of human interactions.good thing is whats left is the beautiful feelings this movie left in our hearts...10 out of 10.or 1000000 out of 1000000

As soon as The Life of Pi started and the opening scene unfolded i was drawn in and i stayed there for the entire movie. I cant recall a single moment in this film where i was not engaged and on many levels. From the beginning there was a point and a meaning. I felt that i was discovering something special throughout the movie. Director Ang Lee has captured a magic in this film. Suraj Sharma as Pi the cast away was truly authentic. Irrfan Khan was subtle and mesmerizing as adult Pi. A brilliant screen play and amazing CGI made this a film experience i have not had for sometime. The incredible thing about The Life of Pi is that its able to encompass all the complexities of faith and religion in a story that seems so simple in it conclusion. I didn't see Life of Pi in 3D but i was simply blown away by the beauty of the story and that is that faith is a matter of choice.

Just before I left to see Life of Pi my cat had found a mouse in the garage. It got me to thinking about the food chain and the frailty of life. But it also got me to thinking about why we value one life so differently from the next. Something as simple as the size of an animal can determine how much we care for that animal. No one gives it a second thought if they find a mouse dead in the street, but if they come across a giraffe or an elephant, (which probably have a fifth of the character) in the same state, it'll bother them to no end. It was an amazing coincidence for me then, when the movie had an element of these themes about it too. It took it even further making us question one's faith and even questioning the legitimacy of what we've just seen.Life of Pi is told from the point of view of the main character Pi Patel, many years after he was the survivor of a sunken ship and spent 227 days at sea accompanied by a ferocious tiger. The story has a lot of similarities with Cast Away, the most obvious probably being the sole relationship of an unexpected companion. In Cast Away it was a volleyball, here it is a tiger. While it is a necessary plot device to have these "characters" in the story, it is also fascinating to see just how close and reliant the main character becomes on them. Something that I imagine would actually genuinely be the case if you were in that situation.The cinematography is astonishing throughout and seeing it in 3D (even though I'm not the biggest fan of the format) was just the icing on the cake. This is a tough film to review because it leaves itself very open to interpretation. The message boards are flooded with questions and every answer to them is unique and of a slightly different opinion. Ang Lee has done well in keeping this a talked about and debated piece of cinema. I have my own opinions on most of the questions too, but to throw them out there now would be wrong. It could lead you to come to a conclusion you wouldn't otherwise have come to and it would also ruin a bit of what is fun about the ending. Go in with an open mind, form your own opinions and then take the time to read some other people's ones too. Life of Pi can be as much fun after the film as it is during.

All right people, I'm going to say it loud and clear right now. I thought this movie was awesome. Now, this is a film that talks about religion and I am an atheist. In this film, Pi has adopted all religions and treats them equally. However, many prats on IMDb have perceived this thought provocation as religious propaganda and have evaluated the film just based solely on that single thing. I say to all other reviewers out there, review this film as a whole. Look beyond the religious messages and look at it as a film. Now let's get this underway.The Good: The cast. Since there is really only three actors to really focus on here who played main characters, let's look at them. Young Pi, played by Suraj Sharma, is one of the best teenage actors ever, in my opinion. His acting is top notch throughout this film, from the time they move from India right up to his discovery on the beaches of Mexico. He has certainly got a big jump early in his career. He plays his character well and that's good enough for me. Irffan Khan, who was also in Slumdog Millionaire, is also very likable as Old Pi. His eyes are filled with wisdom and he treats everyone as equals. His narration throughout the story is nice and calm and adds a lot. And Rafe Spall is pretty damn good as Yann Martel, the writer of the book. As well as this, there's also a small cameo from Gerard Depardieu as the cook.The story. This story is mind blowing. A true testament to cinema. Ang Lee took all the elements of the book and seemed to evolve them somewhat. As well as this, everyone likes a good story of survival, especially when it has a teenage boy and a tiger having to share a lifeboat together. It also takes an interview style, so the narrative from the books is also included. This is a really amazing adaptation.The CGI, special effects and visuals. I'm not going to lie, this is the best CG I have ever seen from any film. Ang Lee just knows how to make interesting visuals and with that said this film has some of the most beautiful visuals in the history of cinema. Lord of the Rings geographic shots? Nope, this beats it. The Fifth Element's future New York? Beaten. That is how good the visuals were. The sea, the night sky and dawn all look amazing. This is in fact one of those films where I wish I saw it in 3D! The CGI Tiger. Richard Parker (Yeah, that's the tiger's name) is the best CGI creature ever created. There are shots of real tigers in the beginning of the film and to be honest, there really wasn't much of a difference between the CG and the real thing. As well as this, the tiger is a really good character and this is because he doesn't talk. This isn't Sher Khan from the Jungle Book, no; this is a true adult Bengal tiger with razor sharp teeth. And this is important because the relationship between the boy and the tiger is the driving point of the film. There were several interesting parts where Pi tried different techniques to get on the boat but finally realises he needs to teach the tiger respect in order to be accepted. These were unpredictable moments as the animal is unpredictable. Richard Parker is now probably one of my all-time favourite animal characters.The thought provoking moments. This is a story where Pi says that it will "make you believe in God." I thought to myself "bring it on" but as it progressed I saw the angle Lee was going for. And arguably, it is the film's greatest strength. Lee wanted the audience to go out questioning the different concepts of religion. For example, does one have to stick to one religion or can they choose multiple ones? I went out and thought to myself, "I actually don't know." The film doesn't give you the answer, unlike many other movies, but instead allows you to think for yourself, as an individual, as to what you think is right. And that is really awesome when a movie can have that effect on someone.The Bad:  I actually can't think of anything bad to say.Final Verdict: 10/10 Instant Classic. This is a testament to adapted movies and film in general. This is truly a great film, probably the best of 2012 (But I still have Zero Dark Thirty, Django Unchained and Lincoln to see, so bear that in mind). Great acting, great story, great visuals and leaves you with more questions than answers. Oh, and Richard Parker is awesome. I want a t-shirt of his face now! Instant Classic.

The Life of Pi is a wonderful movie adaptation of the book by the author Yann Martel. The movie beautifully shows us that in times of need, the Animal in us will help us survive, but we have to take care to not let it overpower our human nature completely. This is when most people look to God and their beliefs.Just like the irrational number "Pi", faith in God is an uncertain field in itself, but believing in it helps people cope with that uncertainty and see the best in everything.In The Life of Pi, "Pi" Patel retold his Survival story in a glorious, mystical manner so as to portray a fascinating image of his adventure. His narrative holds beauty and wonder over the cold, ruthless experience he had to undergo. And just like in the case of God, it's our choice to believe in the better story. Beautiful.

This film is cinematically stunning. We watched in on the big screen in a small theater in 3D. How many of the scenes were artificially created really doesn't matter, it was artistically phenomenal. Usually I'm not the type that likes lingering scenes in movies as I'm thinking "come on, let's get on with the story." But in this case, the artistry of the scenes make the movie. But the story is not solid enough to engage me on a small 2D screen. At least I don't think so. As an example, it doesn't matter where in the story I pop in on Moneyball on the movie channel, I end up watching it to the end. The acting and the story is great. I think I could listen to it with no picture. Life of Pi requires the picture. I did not read the book, but I suspect the same is true of the book in describing scenes in such a way that eclipses the story. My recommendation is to catch it on a big screen, but not sure I'd recommend it on a small screen.

Warning: This review does contains spoilers, but PLEASE come back after seeing movie and then read it.I saw the Life of Pi, in which the author attempts to make a few deeper points known about "What the Truth is," whether it be something that is easily believable with our minds or something that you just have to take on faith. In the end, the question is left up to the viewer to decide for themselves. In the movie, Pi, tells the writer that he was going to get him to believe in God by the end of the story, but this is left somewhat mysterious when all is said and done in the movie.So, I will attempt to interpret what Pi was wanting to convey in the movie. I believe that intention here was to present 2 different stories about events that took place. The first story was what Pi actually experienced, but was so incredible, it sounded like he had made it up to cover his pain. The second story sounded more believable because it made sense, but much doubt was eventually cast on it. In the end the first story was prevailed as being the truth, which had to be taken by faith.MY Theological Interpretation:Over the centuries the Bible, in which the stories have been passed down from generation to generation were believed so much that this country's education system was based on the Bible during the 17th century. Now a days, with scientific points of view prevailing, much of the Bible is regarded by many as mere folklore stores that were told around fires and unbelievable to the questioning and the scoffers. So some take it upon themselves to create religions that may seem more believable and rationale to the majority. So they write books explaining the Bible to their followers.Many have mocked the story of Moses crossing the Red Sea and being very exaggerated, but now we have archaeological evidence of it's truth and still, many refuse to believe the truth. Like Pi's stories, there can only be one truth that prevails in the end and that is what actually happened and not what made sense to those who listen. It is also interesting to note that Pi's life was preserved over the ocean for 270 days with a fierce Tiger and yet he survived the ordeal, which is a credit to Psalm 91.Hebrews 11:6 says that without faith, it is impossible to please God. What this means is that God will not reveal himself to the faithless and those who constantly question His Word. Christians have a responsibility to give their testimony before the world, but like the 2 Japanese guys, the world fails to believe their testimony of the truth, but would prefer to believe in something that makes more sense to their minds.PS It is by no coincidence that the character was named Pi, because their is no finite answer to this equation if you try to reason it out with your mind.

Ang Lee's latest film Life Of Pi which is based of the international best selling book. The movie is set around the story of Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma) a teenage boy who Is the son of a Zoo owner. He is unusual. He follows every religion and believes them all even though his mother says he can only have one. When his parents tell him and his brother that the family are moving and selling the animals. On their new journey the families boat with the animals on it sinks. The only known survivor is Pi who wakes up on a life boat. On the life boat is a Hyena, Orangatang, A zebra and under the covers a Tiger. I will tell no more. For me to tell more would take a way from the shock of this movie. This movie is all about the Animal Kingdom. It's a battle out there between animals. They all eat each other and couldn't care less. But they do have feelings, for certain. The movie has amazing effects. Some of the best you'll see all year. It is the best movie I've seen all year. From reading this it might not sound like it but the story is heart breaking and thought provoking. There is a twist in this movie that I'd never ruin for anyone! It makes you go "no way" it's that good! There are scenes of very disturbing consequences. You'll turn away from the screen as it all unfolds! The story is just so detailed and well wrote that you are captivated. Pi spends over 6 months on the boat and must learn to survivor with the animals. There are loads of events in this movie which are all happening very quickly. The 3-D is brilliant. Some of the best since Avatar. The movie is just hard to explain and to tell. You can't simply review this movie without ruining it. It's just that good! It's amazing! You won't feel anything like you did all year like you did I'm this one. Maybe if your a Comic freak you'll disagree but for me it just had me from the get go. It's just...Wow!

Life of Pi is a really beautiful movie, with dreamy visuals.When I first saw the trailer, I thought; Not another story with animals that will eventually talk. But it looked beautiful so I went to the cinema.It felt like a relaxing movie to watch. I was really curious in how the story would progress. Luckely no animals where talking. I like this sort of 'cast away' type of movie. I really felt his misery. And that because it's a great actor. Suraj Sharma. According to IMDb this is his first movie. If that's the case, then this is going to be a really great actor.Then you have the interviewer. I think he's is cast wrong. He acted like a douchebag. I guess it is necessary in some parts because he is not paying a full 100% of attention to adult Pi.3D and Visuals: This movie was very beautiful. And 3D made it better. And with 'It' I mean the amazing depth of field. The first time I noticed this was at the title sequence. I kept wondering how they put the text behind the elephant. But like in every other 3D movie, U get used to it after a while. But it still was great. When the boat was sinking in the storm the 3D effects looked very realistic. And all the animals too. I kept thinking to myself through the whole movie; "How did they film this. Where is the green-screen?". I still don't know if the animals are real or fake. That's movie magic for ya.GOD-PART: It did not take long for PI to talk about religion. Pi is curious in more then one religion. That's all fine with me. A kid needs to find out himself. That's actually very great about the family he grows up with. In the real world religious parents will force there belief upon there kids when they are born. But not in this movie, because his dad is atheist. I like that. But they kept talking about "finding god". I have never seen or noticed any sign of god in the whole movie. Maybe I'm not getting an extra meaning behind all that he sees.I have seen it 2 times know. And that's enough for now.

"Krishna opens his mouth, and Yashoda gasps she sees in Krishna's mouth the whole complete entire timeless universe!"The following is a story Pi's mother recounts to him as a kid. The young god Krishna was wrongly accused of eating a bit of dirt. When his foster mother, Yashoda, knows about it, she scolds him and orders him to open his mouth, inside which she sees the whole universe; lands and skies, planets and galaxies, past and future, hopes and fears everything.This religious Hindu story should be kept at the back of your mind throughout the entire film for it sets ups the stage for Pi's life. The movie starts with the adult Pi Patel who narrates to a novelist his own survival adventure; how he survived a violent shipwreck in which he lost his entire family and his father's zoo animals, and how he managed to coexist with a Bengal tiger for weeks on a stranded lifeboat. The story of Pi, originally written by Yann Martel and adapted to screen by David Magee, succeeds in stripping the confusing issue of faith down to its core. Pi, the result of a world which is part secular (the father) and part shyly religious (the mother), represents the modern man with all his anxiety, confusion and questions. The young Pi could feel a greater power controlling the universe even though he could not place or define this power. That is why he became a Hindu, a Christian, and a Muslim, all at the same time.The movie is dense with symbolic cues that will need to be revisited and reconsidered every time you ponder on Pi's adventure. First of all, we are told that the Bengal tiger is called Richard Parker because its original name, Thirsty, was swapped with the name of its hunter in the registers. When young Pi gets attached to Richard, his atheist father feels obliged to prove to him that Richard is merely a beast and that it is not soul that he sees in the tiger's eyes but only a reflection of his own emotions. Whether the tiger had a soul or was only a reflected image of Pi is left to the viewer to decide. Moreover, Pi's adventure in the sea can be interpreted as man's journey through life, full of hopes, hardships, miracles and letdowns. Everything Pi encounters helps in his emotional, spiritual, and intellectual growth. However, what makes Pi different is that he manages to live life and see (and make us see as well!) the universe as reflected inside him.The ending of the film is absolutely brilliant. It gives place for both doubt and belief equally because, as Pi puts it, "doubt is useful, it keeps faith a living thing. After all, you cannot know the strength of your faith until it is tested." After the shipwreck, the hypo-narrative (Pi's adventure) gets divided into two parallel, if not opposite, stories; one is miraculous and incredible, and the other is gruesome yet realistic. The adult Pi gives us the freedom to choose between the two because, according to him, both stories entail the same amount of suffering and sacrifice and have the same result and choosing to believe in one of them depends on the person's internal universe. Simply put, in any given moment of your life, you have all the reasons to be happy and you have all the reasons to be sad.. it is you who chooses, and it is you who writes the story. And this is how faith works. This is how God works.Life of Pi is certainly Ang Lee's masterpiece so far; thoughtful direction, celestial cinematography, breathtaking visual effects, and mature and vivid performance by both Suraj Sharma, who masterfully captured Pi's earlier years of confusion and restlessness, and Irrfan Khan who played the adult Pi with sincere, hard-earned maturity and confidence. The film is relatively long, but there is not a single moment you will feel the slightest tinge of boredom throughout this completely immersive experience.Life of Pi is a feast for both the mind and the eye. A definitely must- see.

Wow. That's really the only word that comes to mind. Watching this for the first time a few days ago, I found myself in a perpetual state of awe; this movie is an absolute work of art. This will be a short review, since it's virtually impossible to say much without giving anything away. The film starts with a small introduction into the life of Pi. It explains exactly how he came to have that name, and how he came to be stranded in the middle of the ocean in only the company of a fierce Bengal tiger. The rest of the story that ensues is absolutely top-notch; I really can't give this film enough praise. The narrative is extremely visceral and interpretive, filled to the brim with symbolism, and the conclusion is very satisfying.As far as acting goes, I was thoroughly impressed. The lead actor is very strong here; he is the only actor on screen for almost a full hour in the middle, and he knocks it out of the park. Now, the truly incredible part. This film is shot in spectacular 3D and I have never seen it used better. Seriously. People in the theater were literally gasping in awe as some of the more engaging visuals flashed on the screen. The viewer is completely immersed; you feel like you're a part of Pi's universe, stranded right there with him on that boat.This is one of the year's best films. It's as simple as that. I give it my highest recommendation. RATING: 9/10

I can't say that I was very excited to see this movie but I thought I'd give it a shot and found it very rewarding. In fact, it has repeat viewing value, given the ending. What surprised me most, perhaps, was the wit and humour in the dialogue. Not having read the book on which it was based, I have nothing else to compare it to, and found the story worked well as a spectacle...of which there are many.Without giving too much away, the story concerns the life and adventures of Pi Patel. We see him as a small boy and as an adult recounting the adventure most of us would be familiar with via the commercials for this film...himself as a teenager (played well by Suraj Sharma) adrift at sea, with a wild tiger as both a constant threat to him yet a constant but uneasy companion. Most of the movie is set at sea and here the cinematography (which I saw in 3D) is absolutely magnificent. You really do feel a sense of the infinite as Pi drifts endlessly on an endless ocean. Even some of the urban settings in Pi's childhood do have a wonderful picture postcard quality to them.Another contender for most surprising aspect to this movie was the theme of religion. I just did not expect this to be part of this movie, for whatever reason. In a way the movie is about religion. Or stories. A story about stories, in other words. Some professional reviews do mention the issue of how to interpret the movie. Maybe it is a parable? Could it be like a dream, requiring Freud to make sense of it? In these interpretative strategies there is the problem of mapping one thing from the sea adventure to some other thing from Pi's ordinary life. And doing that to account for everything. The desire to do so is powerful but the adult Pi does comment near the end of the movie about the merits of this procedure.Some professional reviews I've seen criticise the narrative device of having an adult Pi interviewed by a writer. Since I don't know whether this was in the book or not, I can say that it wasn't so much of an issue for me. There was a concern before I saw this movie that it might come across like one of Kamahl's commercials for a certain brand of tea, but it worked well for me. The writer (played by Rafe Spall) functions as an 'everyman' asking the kind of questions the curious audience might want to ask. Being a literal minded person, I did really appreciate the writer's attempt to interpret Pi's sea adventure...it is that titbit of information which gives the movie repeat viewing value...I had expected to give this movie 80%, but it's this potential repeat viewing value which bumps my score up to 85+%.Special mention should be given to the special effects in this movie. It's great. Having this volatile mix of carnivores and herbivores on Pi's boat interact with each other in a believable way was admirably achieved. At times the tiger seemed to be a CGI creation, but maybe I was wrong on that? It's very rare that you think these special effects don't feel quite right.It was a surprise to me to see so many young children watching this movie at the cinema. Appropriately, perhaps, the animal life cycle was sanitised on the boat...there is no great gore to speak of, but there are some dark themes verbalised at the end of the movie, which makes me wonder how suitable it is for children. But that darkness houses felt pain, which was another rewarding aspect to this film. It has great humanity.Whilst a movie like "Seven psychopaths" is my pick as the most entertaining movie for the year, I don't think I would be allowed to pick that as my choice for best movie. "Life of Pi" seems a more intellectual choice to make and I do feel that an award for the best movie of the year would be well deserved, along with awards for cinematography. Ang Lee deserves a nomination for direction too. Suraj Sharma is also worthy of a nomination. This movie is a wonderful spectacle but the tale has hidden depth to it, which makes it ripe for revisiting and seeing it anew. Which viewing would explain the meaning of the movie best? That is the question. When Pi's father states his preference for the scientific story of life, I do wonder whether the movie agrees with him or not...or if there is truth in any story...just preferences for one story over another. Was the other story Pi told the writer true?

Life of Pi is a beautiful film that can be understood on several levels. The first level contains more of less a fairytale of an boy and some animals who survived a shipwreck. Another level shows the adventures character. So far so good, because it is very entertaining and very interesting images can be seen. On another level however,this picture is about the depth of the soul. Not only with this boy Pi, but it will be clear that his soul is as transprant and yet as dark at the same time as any soul can be. Especially at the end of the movie, you can enjoy some wonderful wisdom, that are not expected in this film. A wonderful film

This is truly an amazing story, with a great adventure that is hard to believe. Pi, (Suraj Sharma) an Indian boy, is on a ship with his family who is moving to Canada. One night there is a terrible storm that sinks the ship and only Pi, a Hyena, Zebra, Orangutan and a Bengal Tiger whose name is Richard Parker survive. They are all in one of the small life boats trying to stay alive. After a while it only becomes Pi and Richard Parker who are adrift in the Pacific Ocean. Pi is now trying to survive, but is in fear of Richard Parker. Based on the best-selling novel by Yann Martel, this adventure is created in 3D and is one of my new favorites. The visual effects are amazing and capture the marine life really well with all its beautiful colors. I like the way this film is set up like someone is telling it as a story, this really keeps my attention. One of my favorite scenes is when a big whale comes out of the ocean; it is so big and pretty to see. It is incredible. I also like the way we learn how the Tiger is named Richard Parker. It is somewhat funny and unusual. I would love to know How Director, Ang Lee, directs all the animals in this film, it is truly amazing how they act. David Magee, (Screenplay writer) is doing a remarkable job on transforming a great novel into an amazing script. Other casts in Life of Pi include Vibish Sivakumar (Ravi Patel) and Rafe Spall (The Writer). A big message I found is to never lose hope no matter where you are in life. Pi is in the middle of the ocean for many many days with a big storm, and a Tiger, but thru it all he never loses hope to be rescued. I recommend this film for ages 8 to adults. Younger ages may be a little frightened when they see some of the animal scenes, but other than that, this is a must see. You can enjoy it with your family and friends. I give Life of Pi 5 out of 5 stars. I love the message and the visual effects. This is a great story of hope and determination. Believe the unbelievable and see the amazing adventure in Life of Pi, it triumphs into theaters on November 21. by Brianna Hope Beaton, age 13, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.

Ang Lee, the Taiwanese director of films such as Sense and Sensibility (2000) and Lust Caution (2007), has decided to give his latest maturely themed feature the visual aesthetic of a charming children's adventure tale. As such, all trailers, posters and inattentively viewed clips of the film make it seem like the perfect holiday fodder for little ones. The parents who brought their toddlers to the session of Life of Pi that I went to weren't entirely incorrect in their assumptions. It is a magical movie, it does tell a fanciful story, and the effect on its audience is altogether uplifting, but the fantastical element is laid on top of a hard, heavy realism that pokes through more than one might expect. The real world isn't blocked out of the piece like an escapist kid's film: it is contrasted against the spiritual fantasy as a way of showing, not telling, its audience why people turn to religion even when modern science seems to constantly conflict with it.Young Pi Patel (played by Gautam Belur, and then Ayush Tandon as an 11- to-12-year-old) has been fascinated by religion since he tried to vandalise a catholic church in rural India, where he and his family own an extensive zoo, and encountered astonishing Christian forgiveness. Since then he has also become a Muslim, and confounded his strict father (Adil Hussain) and the young author (Rafe Spall) that he relates his tale too, which we see in extended flashbacks, with his apparent juvenile miscomprehension that is actually an insightful observation that Hinduism, Islamism and Christianity all really achieve the same end, and simply imagine God in different forms. The interspersed scenes between the reminiscing adult Pi (played by Irrfan Khan) and the curious writer mostly feel as artificial and unnecessary as such setups always are, with the exception of the protagonist's poignant account of the melancholy end to his relationship with Richard Parker, the fierce but magnificent tiger that everyone has seen on the posters, and his introductory proclamation to the writer that this is a story that will make him believe in God, and I suppose there needs to be someone there for him to say this to, but anyone would do.It takes a surprisingly long time for the teenage Pi (played extraordinarily well by first-timer Suraj Sharma) to be on the lifeboat alone with Richard out on the open ocean wearing a turban, there being a considerable early portion of the film devoted to his family life, but the introduction of the prevalent theme of spirituality runs throughout and the bloodthirsty beauty of the big cat are crucial elements that come from these scenes. Even the mundane, but still mildly interesting, family exchanges, depictions of his school life – where we discover the amusing origin of his name – and a mercifully brief, obligatory romantic sub-plot, are necessary to again show us, not tell us, of his pain when he loses all of this in a shipwreck at about the halfway-point, and begins a compelling and visually stunning fight for his life against the elements, and the astonishingly realised tiger. All of the animals in the film are totally convincing, but it is especially impressive that all sides of the this incredible predator – his strength, his hunger, his nobility, his desperation, his feline grace – are all captured so beautifully, making the multi-faceted symbiotic relationship between the animal and his keeper so totally engrossing. Their gruelling search for land is depicted warts, and quite a few of those hideous warts, which may have been even more unrestrainedly gritty in the original novel by Yann Martel, were quickly driving all of those toddlers out of the cinema before any of them could discover how Pi's tale could defrost a person's rigid atheism, and a good thing too. The trick doesn't lie in his miraculous survival – that would have probably lost the other, older half of the underage audience – but in the very grisly, hard-hitting alternative "real" version of events that Pi tells a pair of reporters that don't believe the version we've seen, which is very reminiscent of John Steinbeck's Lifeboat, for which the fantastical tale seems to be an allegory. When Pi asks, "So which story do you prefer?" the hearts of both us and the writer of course unhesitatingly answer "the one with the tiger," before our brains can interfere with shallow logical cynicism.While not for very little ones, parents should certainly take children past their single-digit years to see this wonderful telling of a robust but wondrous story of biblical beauty.

This was a movie with a really intense plot and a lot of the times, really hard to watch. It's definitely a crying movie, specially for those who have a soft spot for animals. I definitely don't recommend any children watching it particularly because it has a lot of animal suffering which in my opinion, a lot of it could have been left out.Nevertheless, the movie had a lot of beautiful scenes and cinematography and a really good and complex plot. Some scenes were absolutely breath-taking.I recommend this movie for those who don't mind crying or who don't often cry at movies and who enjoy beautiful yet sad images.

The tale of Pi Patel, an Indian boy who grew up in a zoo in Pondicherry. The movie is shown as narrated to an author interested in penning his adventures. The main focus is on Pi's incredible journey from India, where he lost his parents and older brother in a violent storm. They were headed towards Canada to sell off their animals and start a new life, but a horrific storm wiped out the entire crew. Pi is stranded alone on a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger named 'Richard Parker'.The core of the story is how Pi manages to co-exist with Richard Parker in the harsh environment of the Pacific, with limited supplies, no help in sight, and unpredictable weather. The movie is an artistic delight. Fantastic visuals (The best use of 3D visuals since Avatar), amazing storytelling, good plot-line, and compelling camera-work. The narration was largely visual. With only one human survivor, the story couldn't be pulled through conversations. I expected a voice-over accompaniment throughout the movie, which would have been the easy way out. However, it went without the voice-over, like the 2000 movie Castaway - and this allowed the audience to drink in the vast emptiness and loneliness that perseveres through the movie.The story was interesting, but straightforward. This is possibly why the twist at the end of the story took me completely by surprise. I won't give out spoilers, but a subtle twist that leaves something ambiguous puts an entirely different shade to the whole experience. And that escalates the story from a good one to a truly excellent one.

Pi Patel is a rambunctious boy, who is wise beyond his years. He seeks the truth in life and in the spiritual world.In the Life of Pi, Pi is caught in a wild adventure as in a twist of unforeseen events he ends up literally the turbulent waters of the ocean with his wits and accompanied with a tiger. Directed by Ang Lee and based on the novel by Yann Martel, this movie is beautiful and mystical that opens the door to a world of possibilities. This movie has what is expected from an Ann Lee movie, full of color and the scenes are larger than life. It is a touching tale and will definitely be a Lee classic.

Amidst movies like The Hobbit, Jack Reacher and Skyfall, all packed with action, fighting, shooting, killing and breaking, comes "Life of Pi", from director Ang Lee, someone who brings a different kind of cinema to audiences.I should tell you that I'm a fan of Ang Lee's and he's only let me down once (Hulk, anyone?), but I went into this film with an open mind and ready for whatever came my way."Life of Pi" follows the life of Pi Patel from his very early childhood to his grown up years as he tells it to a writer interested in his unusual life story. We get a glimpse of Patel's life as a boy in India, his relationship with his parents, brother, God and.....animals. As a teenager and after surviving a shipwreck, Patel will experience loss, faith and the loss of it as well, but he will also develop a bond with a Bengal tiger that will change and shape him forever, and challenge everything he knew about life.Most of the movie is spent in showing this relationship and its effects in the leading character. Nothing can really prepare you for what's in store for you: I suggest you abandon any preconceptions you might have and simply enjoy the experience because as simple as it sounds, this story is absolutely surprising and there's no way to tell where it will go and how it will end.In fact, the characters in the movie didn't know it either and this helps your own disbelief.Additionally, the film is a visual feast. Unlike some other visually stunning films, however, the effects here are used to tell a story and to actually enhance it, not to dazzle the audience with outstanding visual effects. As beautiful as it is, the story is the most compelling part and though it might not be 100% original (we've seen movies of human befriending animals before), I guarantee you, as a movie junkie that I am, that you have never seen one like this; I think the fact that the protagonist is Indian and the director Taiwanese helps this film to be culturally and philosophically very different to what we're used to and this factor made the experience all the more rewarding. As a side note, this movie is ideal for families: the movie theater was full of kids and they all enjoyed it. There are no scary scenes, no brutality, no cursing: just life, with its share of sadness, love and happiness.I wouldn't go as far as saying this is the best film of the year, but I can say for sure that you will not see another film that even slightly resembles this one in terms of story, visuals and life lessons. Go see it, you won't regret it.

In Life of Pi, Ang Lee's philosophical spectacle, makes for a fascinating viewing, succeeding on multiple levels of enjoyment. There's the adventure itself, a massive sojourn of a boy in a lifeboat - with a Bengal tiger. And then there's the meaning of the story itself, which is happily left ambiguous. It's also about the spirit and resourcefulness of man, and above all it's about hope and optimism. Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma), named after a famous pool in France, is on his way from his home in India with his mother, father, brother, and a lot of animals (the family owns a zoo) aboard a Japanese vessel, bound for Canada. During a particularly terrifying thunderstorm, the ship sinks, and Pi finds himself on a stocked lifeboat with a few of the lucky creatures (none human) and no idea of his location.The animals are inconsequential except for one - the tiger. How does one survive in a lifeboat with an untamed beast who'd love to make a meal out of him? It's not easy, and luckily our Pi is quite resourceful. Rest assured, though, there is no silent understanding between the two, even as hunger and thirst rob each of his strength. They are not friends. They each wish to survive, although a case can be made that Pi, at least, has no intention of harming/eating the tiger.The tiger is not stupid - oh, quite the contrary, he is a cunning brute. He can't be cowed, and he won't allow Pi to have dominion over the lifeboat, which forces our human hero to construct a sort of floating annex to the boat, tethered and filled with supplies.Of great interest to me were the tantalizing, beautiful aquatic scenes. Whether it was the sight of thousands of fish flying through the air at our passengers or a glimpse into the remarkably clear water to see gorgeous - and sometimes quite large - marine life blithely swimming by, there's rarely a slow moment. Picking up the slack in such matters, of course, is how Pi survives, how he keeps his wits about him, how he manages to get by with a ravenous tiger so close by. If you think that Lee is trying to present a moralistic story to us - he touches quite a bit on religion, for example - you are right. But it's not heavy handed by any means. To illustrate this, Pi (as an adult relating his tale to a writer) notes that when he was a young lad in India, he joined up with several different religions, a way to show us that he was having trouble finding his way, choosing the right path. As his father remarks to him at dinner one night, it is fine to be different, but in the end one must choose a path. Net thing you know, Pi is afloat on a raft, drifting aimlessly across the Pacific Ocean. He still had not found his way.In the end, Lee doesn't appear to be trying to teach his audience. He is not moralizing; he is presenting choices and explaining how, in this situation, a single man found his way through life, not simply to survive but to live. This is not a movie about a boy and his pet tiger roaming the seven seas; it's about learning about one's inner self and finding an exciting direction in which to take it. And even apart from the symbolic journey that Pi involuntarily undertakes, there is a second moral quandary posed at the very end that will get the viewer thinking. And that, to me, is the real selling point of this movie. The beauty, the majesty, the excitement of the cross-sea trip is almost surreal - but sufficiently realistic to allow one to enjoy its wonder. Yet that final question, posed by the adult Pi, seals the deal. This is a movie best seen on a large screen, the better to appreciate its epic scope.

Thank god the festive season is over Bah-humbug. I planned an evening to discover what 'life of pi' was about. After watching the tantalising trailers it was decided it was a must....... The story telling narration from the start is a big help if your with the cinema buddy/friend who is not the brightest and the graphics/cgi are magnificent. Im not going to give any film plot etc away but was worried about the contrast towards avatar which was truly fantastic in its own comparison this film is something different, something magical.........I'm definitely gonna recommend, so you can make your own mind whichever your choice.....

Wow. Simply, Wow. 'Life of Pi' is on of those films which will always stay at the front of your mind. Every scene is so beautifully done, every theme so well interwoven. This film is exactly what I was looking for and more.The cast (albeit small) performed brilliantly. About a third of the film has more than 3 characters involved in it, while the rest is really just 2 (if you count the tiger as a character). The acting in those solitary scenes out at sea are done brilliantly. You really feel an emotional attachment to both Pi and Richard Parker (the tiger's rather humorous name). Every struggle between them makes you feel scared, every pain makes you feel for them. I have never left the cinema missing every character as much as I did with Life of Pi (OK, maybe spirited away was just as heart-tugging).The plot is very well strung together. Ang Lee has tied in the themes of the book absolutely superbly. What annoys me about some films is that if they do have a meaning they try to hide it, but Life of Pi really doesn't. The meaning is related clearly to discovering God, and how we are really more animal-like than we think (it turns out the story with animals is more human than the story with humans). What also amazes me is how Ang Lee managed to put in sequences which served no purpose to the plot, just there to be purely beautiful, and get away with it! Many films annoy me when they include visually-superb sequences because they detract from the feeling of the film too much, but not this one. The fact that the entire film just looks SO GOOD means that these scenes ,made just to look good, really work. I saw this film in 3D and, despite my hatred of 3D (no film has really justified the price increase), Life of Pi actually looked great in 3D. Every scene had noticeable 3D in it. Whether this was just going further into the screen or, in many cases surprisingly, popping out of the screen, it really did work.So, #Life of Pi', is it the best film of 2012? No, but then again if it was then there must be something wrong with the world. I say that because this films' meaning is just so brilliant, so emotionally spectacular, that it just cannot be considered to be a film like any other. I actually feel bad about ranking it out of 10, but obviously I have to keep track of it somehow. Really, I would rank it as 'Pure Emotional Brilliance/10', but I'm afraid my IMDb vow prevents me from doing that. 'Life of Pi' offers a superb character ensemble, visuals which , dare I say rival those in 'Prometheus', and a plot so emotional, so perfect that it truly deserves it's 9.5/10 rating.P.S; I miss Richard Parker

I found this to be a beautiful, enigmatic and meaningful movie. In the end, the cinematography is what stands out for me. The landscape and village in India, the vividness of the shipwreck, the scenes of the ocean (and the wondrous things that occur there) and the algae island -- it was all quite beautiful.Ang Lee also did a fantastic job in showing how the main premise of the book (i.e. a boy stuck on a life boat with a tiger) could actually work. I simply couldn't buy into this metaphor until Lee showed it to me on film.It's astonishing how lifelike the computer-generated tiger was. The whole movie hinged on this. It worked brilliantly.How many of the beautiful images were real? It's so well done that I really do not know. It's possible that most of the movie was computer generated. A cartoon, essentially. If so, it was technically brilliant, but it leaves me wondering about the film going experience. What did I just see exactly? Related to that are my reservations about the realism of the ocean scenes. Beautiful, yes, but do such things actually happen on the ocean? I'm still not sure. I'd like to know.What was the religious message of the movie? We are told that it delivers a profound message, but I'm afraid I couldn't really get it from the movie itself. I don't mind a movie that makes you think, but should a movie have the effect of making you scurry to the internet to find out what it means? The metaphors here were too complicated.I suspect this movie might speak more to the faithful, or at least to people whose minds are still open to faith. I'm afraid I'm on the same side as appa and amma, and this movie did not convince me otherwise. This is a movie with a profound message, but it's a message I didn't quite get and I think I reject, the artistry notwithstanding.I have to add that, although I am easily moved, this film did not move me. It did not really evoke an emotional reaction in me (apart from wonder at the beauty). That's the main reason for my score. On this point the movie failed for me. Perhaps I need to see it again, but I didn't empathise with the main character (either the younger or older versions). I'm not sure why though.To me, the twist at the end complicated the movie enormously and raised disturbing issues. Yes, I would have preferred to see the movie about a tiger rather than the alternative, but how on earth does that relate to religion? I'm sorry, but I didn't get it. Yes, faith and your particular religion are choices, but so is the decision to reject faith and religion as superstition. And I long ago rejected the notion that the grandeur of nature, or the beauty of art, is proof of God's existence. That is nonsense.To be honest with you, if Ang Lee had filmed the alternative version in the same beautiful way, perhaps that would have been a good movie too. I might have preferred a more realistic horror-adventure film. Or is there some rule of cinematography that a movie like that would have to be ugly because of its theme? There is beauty in evil too.But I write this review as someone who has not read the book, so what do I know.

A movie which is totally different from the rest. Life of Pi is a going to offer you a great visual experience. Those 2 hours spent in the theater are totally worth if you are expecting some extraordinary visuals and cinematography. It has one of those stories which is very difficult to tell through a movie. But Ang Lee has done an extraordinary job this time.The visual effects are going to keep you on the edge of seats all the time. If you want to enjoy this movie go watch in 3D. Its the effects that take the movie to next level. If you are budding filmmaker then there is lot to learn from the cinematography of this film. It is definitely a visual treat for the viewers.The story telling was so awesome. To depict the movie whose major portion involves just a tiger and a boy in a boat trapped in the middle of a sea struggling to live in this nice way is itself a great achievement.If you are not much into the effects or you like drama this flick may disappoint you. But it is not the fault of film, it is just the difference of taste that people have.It is probably the best movie in 3D after the Avatar, also one of the best adaptations of any novel.

This is a movie(very common word for such piece of art)that is worth writing 1 million words and still wouldn't be enough. Thank God that they are still directors that can make such art. Truly a worth nominating movie for Golden Globes and Oscars too. The actors (even the animals)had the most exquisite act I have seen the last years. I hope everyone will go and see it. It's a life lesson that each one of us should go and learn from it. I am really amazed by it and imagine only that I didn't really like the movie trailer. When I went to see it I only book the tickets because the other movie I wanted was sold out. And I am really thankful for seeing it even by accident.

As I hail from India and the cast and storyline of this film revolves around an Indian family, our traditions and specifically our national animal it appealed to me in the first place than our own Bollywood flicks as well as other English movies.Its my bad that I haven't heard of the name of the novel but as I saw this film I enjoyed it very much due to its AMAZING 3D in the first place. But when I viewed it 2 more times I tried to understand the deep meaning beneath the uncommon name.We all know Pi is an irrational number but without which rationality cannot be achieved as explained in the euclidean geometry. Similarly faith although inexplicable by science but it can be the greatest tool to make impossible possible; quoting the Psalms: "Trust unto god and He shall direct your path". A child's innocence has always have been an object of humor to the adults but its the meaning we try to avoid by laughing away. And so Pi Patel's father tries to reason with his young son saying that he sees his own emotions reflected back from the eyes of the tiger. But this is how GOD watches upon all of us, no? Actually the power to do good, to do a miracle lies in all of us. What we lack is the courage and that's why we pray, expect Him to do our work. But fortune always favors the brave and victory loves preparation. Being shipwrecked Pi haven't forgot his trust, faith, belief, courage and above all hope. and these made him survive 227 days in pacific ocean growing a symbiotic relationship with the majestic Bengal tiger for survival or we may say GOD in form of the tiger. But during that time GOD made him see what we yearn to see our whole life: the heavenly beauty of His creation both known and unknown, explored and unexplored and also made him realize not to stop until the goal is achieved for which he escaped the sleeping lady shaped island. So after being landed in the shores of Mexico Pi sought, goodbye from the tiger but its justified why it didn't turn back. GOD is all the time watching us, treading beside us so why would he say goodbye? It finally comes to us what we believe and what we choose to believe. And I will say Yann Martel and Ang Lee has both succeeded in delivering this ultimate message.

The most important thing of this film is it character. It is obvious because we are seeing for almost 2 hours just one character. So it is not only important to have a great character that appeals to the audience feelings, but to have an actor that portray this person the right way.The entire weight of Life of Pi is balanced on newcomer Suraj Sharma's back. The true beauty of this film may be its cinematography, but considering how much of this movie focuses on a solitary human in a boat with a tiger, casting a weak actor in the role of Pi would have been as disastrous as flinging acetone on a painting. Life of Pi is substantial achievement in storytelling. The film covers a variety of topics: spirituality, mortality, maturity, death, and survival.The idea of human identity is most strong in the end when he asks which story the writer believes. We are then questioned of whether we believe that he was stranded on a boat with a real Bengal tiger or if Richard Parker is the personification of himself and he spend his time on the lifeboat battling and coexisting with his own identity.

Pi Patel, played for the most part by Suraj Sharma with a confidence defying his absolute inexperience in front of the camera, and surely qualifying him for a Best Actor nod at the Oscars, is thrust into an adventure of survival at sea. The ship carrying his family and their zoo hits bad waters, inexplicably sinks, and from there he must learn how to share the confined space of a lifeboat with his only companion, a tiger named Richard Parker.Like 'Cast Away', due to its idea a great deal of the film is without speech, save for Pi's one way conversations with the animal and the occasional narration by adult Pi, played by a spectacular Irrfan Khan, who is telling his tale to an author, one who is after a great story that will "make you believe in God". Also much like another of this year's spectaculars, 'The Hobbit', the front end of the movie is loaded with a lot of setup, which those who who only saw the trailer may find surprisingly hefty. Unlike 'The Hobbit', however, this front end engages you fast and it is not long before you are enjoying the development of Pi as a character, the amusing finding of his faith, his love, and his place in the family. Some genuinely hearty and smart humour can be found in this first act, also. The brilliance is that whilst it is not in any rush to get where we all know it is headed, at no point is there any wish for Lee to push it along faster; there is some understanding intrinsic to the direction that this is all important and not to be overlooked, which even those who have not read the hugely popular book pick up on. To add to this, it must be said that the length and pacing of this movie is outstanding; you would not want any more or less time spent basking in the warmth of the love and care that clearly went into putting every single gorgeous frame on the screen. The second act is where we really see the film kick into gear and start rolling out what is stunning audiences and critics alike. From the greatest CGI animal I think I have seen on the silver screen, to the overwhelmingly beautiful photography, effects, and perhaps not the first, but certainly the best use of 3D technology to enhance the engagement with a story, 'Life Of Pi' sweeps the floor visually with anything previously held up as a bar setter. Nothing against those previous movies, but it really does. All of this is obviously nothing without everything else being in place, and thankfully Ang Lee knows that the heart of his film is not how pretty it is, but the story by Yann Martel and the themes with which it deals. So what is 'Life Of Pi' about? The wonderful thing about this piece is that this answer could be different for you than it was for me. It is about a boy surviving at sea with a tiger. It is about the nature of life, death and loss. It is about the balance of fear and respect. It is about love and hope. It is about humanity and compassion. It is about religion and faith, faith not just in a higher power, but in anything in the world. It is about all of these things at once, but what I most took away from this film is how it is about the nature of nature itself. Yes, it sounds heavy and preachy, doesn't it? The truth is Lee gets the balance absolutely spot on; you take from the movie what you want and at no point does it preach at you about anything. It does not matter how you walk in, an atheist, a Hindu, a Christian, but if you are a human being with anything close to an open heart and mind, you might just walk out feeling a better person! Released for the festive season, it is an oddly uplifting film that entertains on one hand, and on the other is positively philosophical about our place in nature, our treatment of her, and of one another. Not often would I say that a film might just change your life, but as the film reached its finale, with both Sharma and Khan absolutely owning their respective final scenes, I realised I had been inescapably moved to tears more than once, had consciously assessed how I think about certain things, and that yes, this film just might change you for the better. Is the preceding challenge to make a character believe in God achieved? That would be telling, but more importantly, it does not matter; in a rather smart bit of writing and beautiful execution, the film underlines that this is not really the point, and indeed should never be. Ang Lee is a man who directs with a heart full of compassion, and a head full to its brim with an understanding of cinema's sheer power to entertain, engage and challenge, sometimes all at once. A look at his previous work is evidence enough of this; sure, not everything is a hit, but never could his passion for cinema, bravery and humanity, be more on show than with 'Life Of Pi'. He has done what was said to be impossible, taken a book that should never have translated to cinema, and not only made a successful film, but made the all-round best spectacular to hit the big screen since Nolan's 'Inception'! A loss at the Oscars for its visuals and adaption for screen, at the very least, would be a sin! Regardless of one's reaction to the movie, Ang Lee may well have created his masterpiece.

It's not a Hollywood style movie but definitely worth watching. It made me tearful and provoked lots of thoughts after I watched the movie. I was pretty amazed at how the director interpret and bring out the relationship between a boy and a tiger, both of which need to depend on each other in a disaster. In addition, the story lines are quite appealing and original, compared to other human-animal films. Generally speaking, to certain degree, it's a movie full of philosophical, religious and literary meanings to me. It is highly recommended.But if you prefer typical Hollywood style movies or some sort of movie that advocates certain creed, this movie may not gain favor from you.

watching it i almost reminded of cast away-2000... its a journey from India to Canada ..finding new life and god....film shot very well and camera work mesmerize as like graphics too(tiger graphics)....lead actors natural acting(without sight of tiger-still need to act like its his opposite..!) authentic....ang lee keeps our expectations..and its India which lately getting world attention because of such movies on Indian actors and issues...i watched it in Hindi 2d form,and still enjoyed it...crowd was full and in some scenes everybody giggling...for some of irfan khans words, and young lead actor...s.. its a refreshing movie..have watch n enjoy it...i give whole marks 10/10 it deserves it...even more...

This must be the most beautiful cinematic experience I've ever had. Each and every frame is spellbinding and fascinating. This movie takes 3D to a whole new level and the chemistry between Suraj Sharma and Richard Parker is wonderful. This one is a cinematic masterpiece by Ang Lee. To deal with the concept of God in such a soft and mellow way has never been seen before. The best scene of the movie is a when a whale emerges out of a jellyfish lit ocean and jumps high in the sky before going back into the water. It is a must watch masterpiece. And will undoubtedly end in almost all the top 10 lists of 2012. The best part of this cinema is its cinematography and will be hailed as a visual treat for a long time.

The last time director Ang Lee made a tiger crouch, he walked away with about a dozen Oscar nominations, all from just one film. This time Lee goes all the way by unleashing the dragon – this is not just a beast of a movie, it is nothing short of a cinematic miracle in everything that it sets out to be. Possibly the best adapted screenplay this year, LIFE OF PI remains true to its award winning source material by Yann Martel; at least for the most part. Just like the novel, the story plays out in three parts, starting with the introduction of Pi and how he was named after a swimming pool in France. Narrated by Irfan Khan as the older Pi, the story is set in 1970s Pondicherry, a former French colonial city in India. Born and raised a Hindu, Piscine Molitor Patel, the teenage protagonist and titular character dwells into the beliefs of Hinduism, Christianity and Islam, without claiming any one religion as superior. Pi's father, a business minded zoo owner has other priorities like migrating to Canada, along with some of the exotic zoo animals for sale once they reach their destination. In a cruel twist of fate, the journey is short-lived soon after they sail into the Pacific Ocean on a cargo ship. Although tragic in nature, the sinking of the freighter, along with Pi's parents and elder brother, is emotionally overwhelming yet visually spellbinding as the first of many sequences Lee and cinematographer Claudio Miranda has in store for the audience. What follows is a fierce and fascinating tale of survival when Pi finds himself in a lifeboat with an injured zebra, a merciless hyena, an orangutan and a fearsome but majestic Bengal tiger called Richard Parker. Right from the opening credits, Lee and Miranda mesmerises us with one of the most incredible set pieces ever built for cinema. Forget what TV spots and teasers are calling this movie. Judging from what critics have to say, LIFE OF Pi is indeed an epic visualisation but not necessarily justifiable in its comparison to AVATAR. Apart from the novel use of 3D in both films, I personally can't think of any other similarity. Lee's use of 3D is not just immersive for the sake of being so; it becomes the skeletal binding to the pulsating flesh and blood of the story in such a way that I actually forgot about the 3D spectacles resting on the bridge of my nose!Thanks to David Magee's adaptation, Lee has made possible what acclaimed filmmakers have previously side-lined as impossible to film. From virtual humming birds hovering at arm's reach, to the scene when we first meet Richard Parker, to embellishing the sheer beauty of creation, Lee has broken new ground in the way cinema interprets literature. No doubt there. However, Lee's nuance as a storyteller is in bringing out the book's underlying significance of subtly suggesting the existence of God, through a relentless test of faith. This is done by two actors: Suraj Sharma as the ship-wrecked younger Pi who exalts God even in the most trying situations. The other actor is of course Irfan Khan, whose retrospect narration to a writer proves the very existence of God. For a débutant, Sharma has a large chunk of screen-time and holds the story singlehandedly with some amusing interjections. On the other hand, khan has fewer scenes but skilfully advocates the phrase that less can prove to be more.From where I'm seated, LIFE OF Pi has a sure fire lock-on for a few Oscar nominations. But the real reason this is a must-see film, preferably in 3D (I can't stress this enough), is because there is every bit of passion in its making from surreal cinematography, a soul stirring original score, to spectacular visual effects, and a phenomenal narration that only ends when you hear an inner voice that says 'Believe'.

What would you do if you found yourself orphaned, alone and in the middle of the ocean? Drown, surrender, pray? Now imagine you had company in the form of a dangerous predator. We join the story of Piscine Molitor Patel in adulthood. Piscine, known as Pi (played by Irfan Khan) is an Indian living in Canada. One day, a young novelist comes to his door after being referred by a friend of his. Named after a swimming pool by his parents, Piscine came by his nickname after exhaustive chiding of his given name by classmates in school. His father ran a local zoo and Pi took an intense, and as far as his father was concerned, unhealthy, interest in the zoo's sole tiger. Named Richard Parker as the result of a clerical error, the tiger is fed a live goat while Pi bears witness in an effort by his father to instill an appropriate amount of fear. Though raised as a Hindu, Pi (played as an adolescent by Ayush Tandon) discovers Christianity as the result of a dare from his older brother and, by sheer chance, discovers Islam sometime after. As an adult, he refers to himself as a Catholic Hindu. At 16, Pi's father decides to close the zoo, sell the animals and move the family to Canada. This is a crushing development in the life of our main character as he has just fallen in love for the first time. The family and the animals make their journey west on a Japanese freighter. Woken by a severe storm, Pi goes to the top deck to marvel at the magnitude of the waves, wind, and rain. It is that extremely questionable decision which lands him in a lifeboat while his family and the rest of the crew sink with the ship. All this would make his chances of survival slim enough, but for better or worse, he's not alone in the boat. With him is Richard Parker the tiger, an orangutan he refers to as Orange Juice a zebra and a hyena.This is an incredible movie. Some would say elements of the story are too fantastic to be believable but, with the first film in The Hobbit trilogy and the alleged final chapter in the Twilight saga currently in theaters, those objections seem hollow, to say the least. The struggle between man and beast and the eventual development of a symbiotic relationship between the two make for an extremely gripping tale. It's made even more so by the trials and tribulations they both encounter in their fight to survive. I thoroughly enjoyed Life of Pi, and wish I'd seen it sooner.

"Life of Pi" is unlike any other film about survival that I have ever seen. The film starts with Pi Patel, an adult who is being interviewed by a Canadian writer who wants to write a great book. Told in flashback, Pi reveals his story, starting with his family, his pursuit of studying different religions, and the animals that his father cared for, including a 450-pound Bengal tiger. His family decides to move to Canada to begin a new life. They hitch a ride on a boat that gets caught in a storm. Surviving the sinking, Pi is forced adrift on a 26-foot lifeboat—with an orangutan, a hyena, a zebra, and the Bengal tiger. While the story seems simple enough, there are many deep, religious and philosophical undertones thrown into the mix that puts the viewer in a position to think and wonder. Part of the beauty of this film, is that it can be interpreted in many ways. What I see as the underlying message or theme maybe different than someone else. It is not only a movie worth seeing, but it is also worth discussing. With a great degree of ambiguousness and thought-provoking undercurrents, "Life of Pi" is supported by magical feats of movie-making. It is a stunning film to look at with breathtaking cinematography, visual effects that are near perfection, and an emotionally driven musical score. The cast is mostly made up of unknowns to the American audience, but they work well in their given roles, specifically Suraj Sharma as young Pi—he gives us a character to care for. However, the character I cared for the most though is the Bengal Tiger. It may seem bad to favor a CGI animal over a human actor, but the SFX geniuses of Rhythm & Hues have given us a being to admire and awe. This movie has been a privilege to see in cinema. I am afraid though that it will lose its impact once it is converted to DVD and Blu-Ray, for to truly appreciate its power, "Life of Pi" is a movie that must be seen on the big screen.

Life of Pie...the name although did not interest me at all on the firsthand, but after starting the journey with Irrfan khan aka Pi Patel, I became convinced that director Ang Lee had done one of his best jobs with this movie. Mesmerized, mystified I witnessed the adventure of Pi,a pondicherry boy through struggles in life. The questions of rationality, existence,and beautiful philosophy that God can give us having utter faith upon him was so easily depicted. From the little Krishna exposing Pi to thinking on a cosmic scale, to Vishnu showing the supreme serenity, to Christ taking pain for good of all. Pi, a topper of his class, although thought differently because he thaught from the purity of heart. Not always by brain. The way he introduced himself to Richard Parkour nearly killed him, but the way he saved Richard parkour, saved his life too giving sign of a mighty heart. This movie also is a platform to describe us why a faint hearted man can not accept God, but Pi could because of his inner beauty, love and dedication with hardwork to achieve something. Thats why at the end of story, it seems that his mother smiles at the end of table while having dinner. Pi of course,in the end also thanks hid father for teaching him to be rational. He found his God being rational and thats where the crunch of story lies with its beauty.

This movie is beautifully crafted by everyone involved in the film. The acting, directing, writing, and cinematography are all done incredibly well. All groups do a great job of building up the story from the beginning of the movie through the middle and finally hitting home at the end.The idea of human identity is most strong in the end when he asks which story the writer believes. We are then questioned of whether we believe that he was stranded on a boat with a real Bengal tiger or if Richard Parker is the personification of himself and he spend his time on the lifeboat battling and coexisting with his own identity.I played the movie, scene by scene in my head again and again, only to realize not everything is what it looks like. I highly recommend this film to everyone. whether you like it or not completely depends on your perception.

I went to Life of Pi special event in our local cinema and the movie was sold out on two screens. I have never seen this before. The movie is about religion and a cast away. The movie is very funny, frightening, serious, dramatic, beautiful, breathtaking, intelligent at the same time. The story behind the story is fantastic. Acting is wonderful. I am glad Irrfhan Khan has put a step out of Bollywood. I loved his movies even when he was not yet a Bollywood star. He had a small part in this movie, but fulfilled that very well.Suraj Sharma is a newcomer and an underdog when it come to acting. He did very well for a first time. This cannot be said about most beginning actors or actresses. I hope he will make more movies (as an actor or director) who have a deeper meaning like Life of Pi. I don't hope for this boy to follow the footsteps of Dev Patel who acted in this wonderful Slumdog Millionair and then in this boring Aribender.Like the beauty of Shravanthi Sainath was breathtaking, so were the scenes of the animals in this movie. I can say it was fantastic. I can imagine that this movie will not make it in India, because it has a heavy take out when it comes to religion. Even in the West the gravity of the real story might for most people be to hard to follow and understand. But for those who can keep their mind to a movie, it is worth watching in the cinema and more times after when it gets out on DVD.

If the movie about Life of Pi is so good that it showcased the nature, sea, sunny sky and starry nights even more colorful than what I could imagine in my dreams, then I wonder how I would have visualized them if I'd just read the book. Maybe not as much. That's how mesmerising the visuals are here.And to top that is Ang Lee's sense of direction that is so artistic.Amidst all this beauty are some classy performances too by all the cast especially some unforgettable acting from Suraj Sharma(younger Pi), Irrfan Khan(older Pi), Tabu(Pi's mother) and Adil Hussain(Pi's father). What also left me with a proud feeling is Shravanthi Sainath(Pi's love, Anandi) who is trained in the classical Bharathanatyam by the dance school run by my cousin in Chennai(India).I think Ang has a gift of choosing the right actors for his characters like Suraj Sharma. Suraj is a natural and can create a big impact in cinema.I did feel a bit let down by some shots captured in the very beginning of the movie. It did look dull and ordinary but soon, the camera makes a U turn and captures everything with a breathtaking touch. Equally exquisite are the visual effects which's clearly among the best seen in cinema.Verdict: It's a must see. Either if you're a fan of the book, Ang Lee's films, just want to be entertained or seek inspiration from a story beautifully told.

The title of this review may seem offensive to some people, especially those who exceptionally enjoy the marvelous and emotional performance by Tom Hanks. As much as my affinity towards "Cast away" still vividly remains in my memory after 12 years, I can honestly say "Life of Pie", based on the best-selling novel by Yann Martel is impressive in terms of both staging and acting.The plot is simply about a French-Indian boy, Pie, encounters a life-threatening shipwreck during immigration to Canada with his family and a herd of Family-run Zoo animals caged in the Japanese cargo ship to start a new life. However, the main story focuses on Pie and the tiger, aka Richard Parker, trying to survive after being stranded in middle of the ocean. The two who consider each other as enemies developing a heartwarming friendship by going through all sorts of conflicts with hand-to-mouth supplements on the rescue boat is what makes this movie adventurous and distinguished. The Visual effects consists of computer generated animals that interact with people. The magnificent underwater scene amuses me with a detailed presentation along with a giant wave where tremendous storm devours the ship. The most amazing part of the movie is to be able to witness the surreal CG tiger who steals the thunder of other animals using its fierce eye and charisma.On top of that, a young and novice actor, Suraj Sharma should get nominated for an Award for his incredible performance. Despite there are hardly anyone around him while shooting due to the large amount of CG used in the movie, he executes his role without being awkward. Endeavoring to engage with imaginary CG animals and trying to stay focused while being surrounded by the sea hazards must be as challenging as what Tom Hanks did in "Cast away." I can see a bright future ahead of him.Overall, this is an emotional and inspiring film for everyone who loves watching the nature and survival stories. One flaw of this movie would be a slow-paced storytelling. Things that transpire in the beginning is partially incoherent. However, that does not negate the fact that this is worth watching as it also contains a lot of hidden messages that are worth learning.

"The Life of Pi" a film that works in so many levels: it's entertaining, wondrous, a metaphor for faith and the power of life, for just about every feeling we can think of or feel. It is so powerful that every single frame and line in it has a purpose and grabs our attention in a gentle and yet, sure way.It is a rare opportunity to see a film in which every frame evokes miraculous imagery. So it is with Life of Pi: Director Ang Lee translated the bestselling novel by Yann Martel into one of the most visually arresting cinematic events of this year.All in all. One of the best cast away movies. A movie about a Man who finds a reason to live and fight fear in his life with a help of an animal. He has seen it all and He doesn't need to fear anymore.Good job Ang Lee !

A+. Cinematography, editing, visual effects (one of the finest uses of 3D technology I've ever seen), sound, music, script, direction and superlative acting (Suraj Sharma and Irrfan Khan both deserve Oscar nominations for their extraordinary performances) - this film is a must see! The tiger is ferocious, not a Disney cute and cuddly animal, but a real and frightening animal. I was gripped by this film for it's entire 2 hours and 5 minutes. Please see this movie on a large screen in a theatre; it is so worth it! (: This film is a hundred times better than "Lincoln" a million times better than the worst film of the year ("Zero Dark Thirty", one of the worst movies ever made in cinema history). A+. This film should be nominated in every possible category, and I would especially like to see Mr. Sharma and Mr. Khan get richly deserved nominations (way better performances than the over-praised Daniel Day-Lewis, Alan Arkin, Bradley Cooper, Tommy Lee Jones - just my opinion, of course!) (:

I saw the life of PI 2 time and defiently the best movie of the year to my opinion. What I love About it is that Ang Lee is the best director ever and I really love the life of PI and one of my good friends she loved it and I am going to buy it when it comes out on DVD I love the faith and the amazing special effects and beautiful scenery love Richard Parker the best movie ever made I really love Christian movies but I really thought that The Life of Pi is the best Christian and cleanest movie ever made love the actors and the animals there was no bad words at all to my opinion and yes the 3 D version was better I loved the whale scene and the whale was really beautiful I have not read the book yet but I am planning too best and amazing animals and amazing director which is Ang Lee the movie had some funny parts in it and it is scary a couple of parts if you did no what was going t happen so like I said see the life of Pi if you have not seen it

You truly go on this story with Pi Patel and Richard Parker. The acting by Suraj Sharma is surprisingly fantastic as well.This movie plays along that same style of a slow paced story of survival but is done even better due to the incredible cinematography that rivals Avatar in terms of magnificence.Ang lee has proved once again that his story narrating capabilities overshadow (rightly so) whatever glitter feature that is present in his movies (amazing VFX in this one).All the cast (mostly unknowns) are exceptionally top-notch. Newcomer Suraj Sharma is a real gem, and definitely a teen prodigy. Prior to this movie, he has no acting experience at all but thanks to his sheer determination and personal guidance by Lee himself, Sharma is very convincing as a teenager struggling against all odds while stranded in the middle of the ocean.LIFE OF PI is almost a pitch-perfect movie experience !

I loved, loved the movie. Makes you think about it long after it's over.Are there differences between the book and the movie? OF COURSE. So what?!? Many people have not read the book (including myself) and many that did read the book failed to understand/did not completely understand the spiritual and philosophical aspects of it, mostly because many terms are based on several philosophies from different religions and not to mention usage of Hindu philosophical and some Tamil words throughout the story. The movie somewhat simplifies all that and brings an otherwise impossible story to the big screen. It's truly magical.You may want to look up "Life of Pi" terms for better understanding. Also there are a lot of words spoken in Tamil language and an entire song in Tamil – "Pi's Lullaby" which actually is a great song - http://www.amazon.com/Pis-Lullaby/dp/B00A12VUM4/ref=sr_1_1? ie=UTF8&qid=1355507080&s=dmusic&sr=1-1The movie has a lot of scenes that have so much meaning and depth if you understand the Hindu philosophy and culture. For instance - mom seeing revolving earth in the mouth of young Krishna, Lord Vishnu coming in the form of a snake to save the world or the Kathakali dance sequence. These scenes have deep meaning and importance to someone who is familiar with Hindu culture and the scriptures but even if you don't, the story is still very powerful and leaves a lasting impression.Mychael Danna's score is awesome. Special mention -"Pi's Lullaby" This song is in Tamil language. Just like the movie, the sound track takes you to another world! Bombay Jayshree has such a soothing voice that will drift you into another world!If you are an atheist, I don't expect to come out of the theater a converted believer, but it will make you think about the power of FAITH!Run, not walk, to the theater and see this in 3D before it's gone.P.S: To those who wonder and to Mr. Martel - I prefer the story with animals! This is what this book/movie is about!

A young writer travels to Canada to meet Pi (Irrfan Khan), an Indian man with an incredible story to tell. It is the story of his younger self (Suraj Sharma), who gets stranded in the Pacific Ocean with only a fearsome Bengal tiger to keep him company. The two castaways form a strange bond as they try to stay alive and get help.That's the story of Life Of Pi, the novel written by Yann Martel back in 2001. For nearly ten years the international bestseller was deemed unfilmable, despite numerous attempts. It was only when Ang Lee took control that the movie became a reality, and it has finally hit the big screen.The result of Ang Lee's attempts is an epic piece of cinema. The film is absolutely brilliant, with just the right amount of humour, emotion and action to satisfy everyone. I've not read the book yet (I will, for sure), but I get the feeling that justice was done here in regards to the adaptation. Characters are properly fleshed out, major and minor, and relationships are developed well enough to matter as the film goes on. If anything could have been explored better, it would be the relationship between Pi and his mother (Tabu). The influence she has on his life seems understated, and not in a good way.Life Of Pi is very much a work of fiction; at no point are we led to believe that it is based on reality, and this works massively in the filmmakers' favour. Unlike Zemeckis' Castaway, which is rooted in the reality of it all, Lee opts to focus more on the fantastical and beautiful. There is no real sense of time, and we aren't always told how certain things happen. They just do, and the story moves along.There are two things that stand out about this movie, and one thing that lets it down sorely. The good first. Suraj Sharma, as Pi, is excellent. Considering he has no acting experience, he is a revelation. And secondly, the movie is visually stunning. Absolutely beautiful from first frame to last. It's a visceral treat.Now the bad. I watched the film in 3D, and thought many times: why is this in 3D? I counted literally two moments where the 3D worked well. Other than that, it was useless. If the money spent on 3D was spent on shooting it in IMAX, Life Of Pi could have been even better. Instead, it was a bit darker than it needed to be, and everyone sits in a cinema looking like Stevie Wonder for no reason.The good heavily outweighs the bad, though, and I highly recommend the movie. Like with Avatar, the movie should be seen for the visuals alone. Unlike Avatar though, this is actually a good film. You'll fall in love with the characters, you'll be engrossed with them, and you'll feel a genuine sense of rejoice as everything unravels. I can't tell you if the movie is better or worse than the book. I can tell you that that doesn't matter here: the movie is excellent all on it's own.

I was lucky enough to see Life of Pi. I was intensely satisfied. You know Life of pie is based on a novel written by Yann Martel.(BookCover Image - http://bit.ly/U1vpNu ) Also this book is amazing! it is one of the best I have ever read. Enjoyed this book also. Could not put it down.I agree with palariaa who said - So far this is the best movie of the year. It is an entertaining, well-directed, well-performed piece of art. If you want to see what groundbreaking crafts look like, go see it. Yes, the special effects are mind-boggling, especially Richard Parker, the tiger. But only when you look beyond the 3-D and visual effects that hold you in awe for most part of the movie (and that you have probably read in several critical reviews) you begin to see the real genius of the film and its director. This is a Taiwanese director making a movie with a mostly Indian cast, about Indian characters and places and he pulls it off so well (his India is way more credible than the Dickenson India shown in Slumdog). Life Of Pi is a bold movie made by a bold director who does not shy from making unconventional movies. Yes, it will upset some people for its unconventional subject, and some critics will find the off-beat movie preachy for they have grown so used to understatements and subtleties that they confuse those with art, but nobody can deny the powerful force of the movie. For the most part, the movie has only one human character on screen and yet it never gets boring - slow at times perhaps, but not boring. One last point - the movie could not have been what it is without the actors, particularly the one who plays adult Pi and the young actor who portrays teenage Pi and gives an unbelievable debut performance.

First of all thanks to Ang Lee for directing an Hollywood movie based on Indians and their traditions. The story narration was gud, from start till the end and Irfan khan delivers wat director needs. His acting was really gud. Also the small boy does a great work, sacrificed everything for a gud movie. We can see his hardwork, were at end of movie he looks very skinny.A great visual works steals the show, stunning cinematography and CG works. We must not compare it with AVATAR but a gud movie in the lines of avatar. The hero of the whole movie is Richard Parker, The Bengal Tiger. The way it looks and the way it roars was gorgeous. Gud to see Tabu in Hollywood movie, congrats that she got another offer from the same director.Ang Lee delivers some thing special exply for Indian audience. Iam very much proud bcoz the title song of the movie was in "TAMIL" !!! My only request is please watch the movie in 3D and experience some thing new which u couldn't miss ...

I love coming of age movies. They have been my go to movies for over a decade. A real world experience that molds a person's character for rest of his/her life is a universal subject that would never dry up. But then there is this book called 'Life of Pi' that I came across and provided more than my staple coming of age diet and take me through a journey of faith and beliefs. This book acts as a disguise to be spiritual (given that is set in India), but at the core is a coming of age story of a boy finding answers of faith and beyond having born in a nation of millions of gods. And to turn this book into a captivating movie, we have Mr. Ang Lee; who clearly love challenges.Set in India and made by Hollywood studio; you should expect the simplistic description of a very complex nation and its affair with religions of the world. But Mr. Lee manages to breeze through the shallow storyline based in India. Almost all of the situations and scenarios about young boy Pi's life in Pondicherry, India are created to suit the taste buds of western audiences. As we watch the young Pi grow in dreamy India along with a soulfully spoken narrative by Irfan Khan in background; we instantly are lost in the color and the mood of the film. We never look beyond those colors into reality and we are ready to accept anything. But as we move on from Anglo India into open sea; faith and personal beliefs of Pi collides with nature's fury. After Pi Patel's father, a zoo owner decides to move his family in Canada and sell the animals to a North American zoo for a good prize; they begin their journey. The entire family along with all the animals travels through a Japanese cargo ship across the oceans. There they have encounter with a borderline racist French cook and a very gentle Buddhist. There reel time is only for one sequence, but there presence and importance will be felt late in the movie. As the journey of the ship abruptly ends in a very violent ocean; Pi is survived on a life boat with an injured zebra, an Orangutan, a Hyena and a Bengal Tiger. And from here on the journey could not be more breath taking and satisfying. It literally and astonishingly unbelievable with Pi surviving on a life boat with these animals and they are animals. They will do anything to survive like humans. The mystery of the journey and whether you believe in the memories of the adult Pi about his experiences across the vast ocean will make you rethink about all the mystical fantasies that we have ever came across.The story already hooks the audience into the ongoing proceedings and Mr. Lee's breathtaking visuals puts 'Avatar' in its place & carries you through a journey of vast beauty across our planet. After Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and Brokeback Mountain, Mr. Lee successfully trumps those monumental achievements in Cinema history with this visual masterpiece that deserves compulsory 3D viewing.For more reviews visit http://cinemadose.blogspot.com/

Spoilers alert!!The movie to me is more faceted than just 3D. Pi is the tiger, or the tiger is the embodiment of Pi's animal, beastly side. The tiger was hidden and suddenly "burst" out of the canvas when the orangutan( or his mother) was attacked. Several hints were given throughout the movie. Pi's father told him that what he saw in the tiger's eyes was merely his own reflection. The names switch was another hint, and the same foreshadowing went to the moment Pi asked the tiger (more like a monologue) what he saw facing the big, dark yet glistening ocean. In that still moment, Pi stared into a fragmented, chaotic kaleidoscopic montage of HIS own life, in which reality and imagination could not be clearly defined. A storm hit and the lightning cracked the sky wide open as if God was manifesting self by shedding a light upon Pi. Pi was awe-struck, but the tiger was intimidated, hiding itself under the canvas. Pi forced the tiger to come out and honor God, but it was trembling terribly, as if in the presence of holiness, the beast was not trained, but almost tamed. What was intriguing was that Pi chose to join the tiger under the canvas for the first time. When the storm swayed him between the sea of sanity or insanity, with God above, was the beast inside the human suppressed or did the human finally become the beast? Pi is also the human-shaped, man-eating island. Vegetarian as he was, he had to eat meat to survive, including the human flesh as suggested in his alternative story-telling in the end. In the morning, he struggled to survive with no time to think much. At night, his stomach, as well as his conscience, was upsetting. His stomach, or the lakes, was churning with gastric acid. He might have vomited out an indigestible human tooth. The lotus could be his conscience or the human part of him. He "Listen"ed to the lotus as once Anandi had told him to, and fled the island. After the boat hit the real shore, the tiger strode into the woods without even looking back. Pi felt sad because it was the beast in him that had him survive the journey. But it was the human part of him, or his faith in his faiths, that raised him above his remorse and ordeal. The journey ended, the beast in him was gone(or just hidden until the next episode), and he was back to the human world again. I guess we can say whatever we want as to which symbolizes which, but above all, it's a phenomenal story told about the beauty and the beast in human.

Life of Pi!What a brilliant cinematography? A visual masterpiece! The movie itself had a character apart from that of Pi. The animals seemed to be acting as well, what a brilliant SFX work! The background score was fantastic, you feel goose bumps all over during some extreme scenes! A completely satisfying movie! A couple of Oscars are some deserving jewels for this crown!I am an Indian, and I can definitely say, in India, some plots explained in the movie do not happen! But they can be excused as it is more of an emotional story, of courage, of faith - more like a fairy tale! If you watched this movie, you would find these interesting:1. Anandhi, the classical dancer, makes a sign or a mudra during her dance. Pi later asks doing the same mudra, 'why would a lotus hide in a forest?' And Anandhi is shown to be embarrassed. That's because, in hindu symbology, lotus represents a woman's vagina! It hides in dense pubic hairs, doesn't it? (damn) By the classical dance, it is symbolically meant that the lady is shy and wants to express her sexual feelings.2. The whole carnivorous island is seen as a Hindu God, Vishnu (the supreme soul) lying on his back! It is a beautiful metaphor! Vishnu has said in Bhaghvad Gita, 'whatever is given to you is taken back!' The island gives you food and shelter in the morning and takes it all away in the night. Such an island is scientifically impossible to exist, but like I said, it's a fairytale.These are the things I couldn't see anywhere on the internet. But, if you read the novel, you can definitely understand the complex and intricate relationship between humans, life and survival instincts. The whole movie is a beautiful poem! It takes some time to understand it!I would give a 9 on 10, the movie lacked nowhere, and yet I had to take off the one because of some cast's poor acting! Ang Lee is a great director!

Life of Pi is about the incredible journey of Pi Patel(Suraj Sharma) after he's stranded on a boat with a couple of zoo animals, such as a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena & the most important animal is an adult Bengal tiger called Richard Parker. The story of Pi's life is narrated by an adult Pi(Irrfan Khan). Pi's story begins in Pondicherry where he lived with his mother(Tabu), his father(Adil Hussain) who is a zoo owner & his brother, Ravi(Mohd. Abbas Khaleeli). From here on the story just flows at an incredible pace where you neither get confused nor do you get bored even for a single minute. LOP is a treat to watch even before Pi gets stranded on a boat with all the animals.First off, this is the most visually appealing film of all time! The 3D in this movie is more or less the best 3D I've ever seen. It's even better than Avatar because most of the environment in this movie, is real! Ang Lee has portrayed India beautifully. This movie deserves all the Oscars that it's most probably going to get. A note on the performances. Newcomer Suraj Sharma is brilliant as Pi. The viewer doesn't even realize that he's a newcomer. Irrfan Khan is, as usual, mind blowing as the adult Pi. Tabu is great as Pi's mother. Abbas Khaleeli is impressive as Ravi. The other kid actors who played Pi & Ravi at different stages in their life are spectacular as well. Therefore, Life of Pi is a must watch. I promise you that, it's an experience of a lifetime!

I bought the book when it was first being touted as a literary gem but then decided not to read it, so I have nothing to gauge how well Ang Lee did in interpreting the book. That said, this is one of the most endearing movies I've ever seen.My first thought having just seen it was, thank God some studio didn't get a hold of it first to do an American take on the book. This movie so deserves and demands its setting and foreign lead actors. I admit I probably would have enjoyed one of our better young leads in the role of Pi, but I'm much better off having grappled with the Indian chosen by Lee who, for some reason, populates this movie with everything from Mexicans, Indians, Japanese and Anglos to tigers, hyenas, orangutans and zebras, but not one Chinese person. I thought that a little odd but perhaps the books that way too.I saw the 2D version mainly because I was expecting some exploration of the god issue, but I was mostly disappointed in that. The talk of religion is very brief and not very interesting. What was interesting is the survival story and the boy's relationships with wild animals.I had no idea whether for the most part I was watching a real tiger or not. Let's just say that if Lee had to wait for the tiger to do everything he does in this movie, he by rights should still be out there filming. Someone with a real love for animals and an eye for their behavior clearly had a hand in making these scenes look real. And then there are the shots at sea. The sea rises in great swells and you would think Pi is actually in a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific being carelessly tossed around by a violent storm; it's truly masterful, unprecedented filmmaking.Even my wife who is no friend to animals thought the movie went by quickly and was happy to have seen it.

I've been reading the IMDb reviews after seeing the film last night (in 3-D). I share the awe and pleasure most viewers expressed. In fact I wonder: why the 9s? Why not 10s? Seriously, on exactly what level do you think this film fell short? The acting? The computer-generated animal effects? The script? I mean, really? Where did it fall short? I've been wracking my brain and see nothing but perfection here. There wasn't a minute I'd rewrite or reshoot. It's just a damn good movie and could stand as the gold standard in quite a few genres. I had a friend tell me he'd take off a point because there were too many flying fish. Maybe he's right. I hope that's the worst thing they could say about any film I wrote or directed or produced or shot or acted in. Too many flying fish. Go see it and be dazzled. If this doesn't earn full marks from you, I seriously pose the question: what would?

This is my second review @ IMDb. I usually write reviews to movies which are close to my heart.This is one of the most outstanding movies of 2012 with great effects and great story. This movie has proved that a Hollywood movie can be made with Indian actors and a masterpiece can be made. The way the story was narrated and the way it progressed is really amazing.About the movie: All the characters played their part wonderfully well and they did justice to their roles.Technical aspects: The use of 3D technology has changed the way we see movies today and thanks to People like James Cameron and Ang lee, We are heading for better movies in the future. Movies like Avatar and Life of PI, We are going beyond our imagination.Story, Screenplay, direction are really good and thanks for the author who wrote this book.The background music score was awesome and with an Indian touch. This was bit similar to the one "127 Hours" Movie.All in all. One of the best cast away movies. A movie about a Man who finds a reason to live and fight fear in his life with a help of an animal. He has seen it all and He doesn't need to fear anymore.Awesome job Mr. Ang Lee :) Vamsi.

After the creative extravaganza of 'The Avtar' and the 'Three Musketeers', here comes another Hollywood movie, that promises a lot on the unlimited possibilities the 3D Technology and the CGI Technology offer the viewers. Having seen, the movie, I must say, the movie has impressed me, almost as much as 'The Avtar' did!Based on the best selling novel by Yan Martel (not just best selling, but Man-Booker Prize Winner too), the initial part of the story is set in India, Pondicherry. To go further, Pi (played by Irrfan Khan) is having a conversation with his french Author-friend and tells him how he survived 227 days on a life boat with only a Bengal Tiger (Richard Parker, the tiger is named) for company. He is also picked up by two Japanese Maritime Officials so as to investigate how the ship sank. The Officials don't believe his outlandish story and dismisses him. But what exactly is Pi' story, and that's what the movie is all about. Son of a Zoo-Keeper, Santosh Patel, Pi of Piscene Patel is born to an affluent family. The boy is, pretty aware of the need to co-exist in a world with animals and also is quite understanding of their needs. Raised as a Hindu, he is also introduced to Islam and Christianity and is a believer of the 'Vasudeva Kudumbakom', in true Indian Psychology! The family, one fine day, decide to relocate to Canada due to political turmoil in their native place and sells some of their animals, and also carrying some with them on their journey in the high seas. Their ship encounters a heavy storm and is wrecked and his family along with the ship and the crew sinks. Pi soon finds himself stranded on a life boat in the high seas with four animals, a Hyena, a Zebra, an Orangutan and a Bengal Tiger.The rest of the Pi's tale is how he survives 227 days on the sea with the Tiger (He names the tiger as Richard Parker). All the while, Pi assigns in each animal, a distinctive personality based upon his observations and the people in his own life. The other animals die as the Hyena kills the Zebra and the Orangutan out of hunger. The Hyena in turn gets killed by Richard Parker. Pi now realizes the need to keep Richard Parker in good humor in order to save himself, and feeds him fish. He eventually develops a bond of friendship with Parker and they both realize and appreciate the need of each other for their own survival. They ultimately reach the coast of Mexico soon, Richard Parker escapes into a jungle without looking back at Pi leaving him in distress and even making him question their friendship itself.Irrfan Khan plays the role of the grown-up Pi, who is being quizzed by the Japanese Officials about the ship wreck and his tale of survival. The officials don't believe his story of survival along with the Bengal Tiger, so Irrfan then substitutes his tale with another one with people in his real life and asks whether the story is more believable now. He is absolutely fantastic with his accent and does a fantastic job. After 'The Namesake', an excellent performance from him. Tabu, plays the role of Pi's mother, Gita Patel, with aplomb and is impressive. Adil Hussain is Santosh Patel, Pi's father.In spite of this luminous star-cast, Suraj Sharma as the teen-aged Pi is the back-bone of the movie and is fantastic. French and Hollywood actor, Gerard Dipardieu appears in a Cameo as the Cook of the Ship and no word is required to describe how this wonderful actor has performed. Underlying Layers in the StoryJust as the boy finds that his class-mates in Pondicherry is quite amused as to how someone could be named 'Pissing Patel', he shortens his name to Pi, the mathematical constant, having 'no end'. The story, too, has lots of inner-layers to it, and each animal represents a different character or a person in Pi's life. The tale of surviving 227 days with a tiger is as much a tale of how to see with-in and to survive in adversities and believing in one-self. It is a wonderful story of growing-up and survival and is a must watch! If you have not read the book already that is.Many have asked me, as to what is so grand, about a boy being castaway with a Bengal Tiger for company, and I would say, this is not just a fantasy story. The life-boat represents our life itself, the calm seas and the storms, its ups and downs. The Tiger is Pi's Self-Destructive Alter Ego, and the movie is all about how one should spend his life, fighting and taming the destructive self. It is a story about courage, and self-belief as much as it is a story of spiritual and philosophical overtures. Directed by Ang Lee, who won Oscars for his 'CrouchingTiger, Hidden Dragon' and has directed 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'Brokeback Mountain', The Life of Pi, overall, is a wonderful movie, and can be enjoyed by everyone alike. The only thing that i was miffed with was because, for some unknown reason, Gerard Depardieu has been given such an insignificant role. He appears in just one scene, and it cannot even be called a Guest Appearance. Such a great actor, and he has nothing to do here! But still, Embark on this adventure and discover yourself along with Pi, on a journey that knows no end! Miss it, and you have missed one of the best movies that has come out in recent times!

SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!Do not read if you have not watched the movie...continue at your own risk~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Never Have I watched a movie that inspire me so! For me it was such an inspiring movie conveying the strength of human potential as well as the importance of human identity. In the beginning we see his search for God and throughout the movie we see how everything is torn away from him in order to be able to understand God for the being that he is. It is throughout the whole movie that when everything is torn from his grasp can he understand God himself without the influence of others (ie. his parents, civilization and his first love). Only when left to starvation and the turbulence of storm can he start with a clean slate can he start over. The next we learn is the importance of human identity and the impact we leave behind. This can be seen when he encounters the floating island where he finds a tooth within the flower. He doesn't want to live an lonely existence and returns to the boat again to search for land. The idea of human identity is most strong in the end when he asks which story the writer believes. We are then questioned of whether we believe that he was stranded on a boat with a real Bengal tiger or if Richard Parker is the personification of himself and he spend his time on the lifeboat battling and coexisting with his own identity.

Within the first ten minutes, the titular protagonist of Life of Pi, Pi Patel, tells a writer that this story will make one believe in God. The story that Pi tells, is that of a shipwreck, which claims a teenaged Pi's family. Amidst the chaos, he found himself the sole human survivor, now floating across the Pacific Ocean in a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. Part survival story, part rumination about one person's faith and their attempts at understanding why God designed nature to do the things in which it does, Life of Pi is an emotion-filled journey that places the viewer within these events and has them pondering the same questions that the film's lead, newcomer Suraj Sharma, does.In a great many ways, Life of Pi requires an open mind from its viewers. It is not a film about one particular religion, as Pi is a combination Hindu, Catholic, and Muslim. He has always been fascinated by God, whether it be Christ, the many Hindu Gods, or Allah, Pi believes they're all the same. The film does not ask the viewer to believe this same idea as Pi, his beliefs simply serve as the impetus to understanding the gentle, soul-filled character that is Pi Patel, and understand how a 16-year-old boy could survive not just the elements and starvation, but also a man-eating tiger.The set up of the film is filled with life and energy, detailing the source of Pi's name, his fascination with religion, and his loss of innocence, before the ship wrecks and the real story begins -- Pi's journey to understand God. To his immense credit, young actor, Suraj Sharma, manages to hold the film together thanks to his revelatory performance. Sharma is the heart- and-soul of Life of Pi. He has a wide range of emotions that make him believable as a teen pondering such large questions, keeping the viewer engaged rather than allowing their attention span to wane. Which is good, seeing as how Life of Pi gets narratively murky around the midpoint, with some of the confrontations between Pi and nature running together by that point. Thankfully, the thematic ideas are what I feel that Ang Lee and company want the audience to take away from the film, and the emotions and ideas are so strong, it is very easy to overlook its narrative shortcomings.Visually, Life of Pi is a marvel. The animals in the life boat are entirely computer generated, and there are many moments where it is hard to find the glossy edges that CGI leaves behind. As well, director Ang Lee uses visual effects and the camera's depth of field to create a more immersive, dream-like feel. Almost every shot seems to have been digitally altered to make it seem more unreal, to make the water more reflective, to make the sky more beautiful, or to make dream and reality often collide. In particular, the way that the camera was always focused on Pi, with most of the other actors out of focus, it really draws one into Pi's state. However, I cannot figure out why Lee changed the aspect ratio in a few scenes. There is no evidence in the film itself to suggest why, leaving me confused. It's only for two scenes, and both are scenes meant to be emotional beats, and yet the film goes from widescreen to fullscreen to letterbox format. It jars the viewer and takes one out of the filmgoing experience.All in all, Life of Pi is not perfect, but it was a film I do not regret seeing. Thanks to a strong performance from Sharma, marvelous effects work, luscious visuals, and a thematic consistency that never falters in affecting the viewer, Life of Pi is a flawed, yet must see film that will be nominated come Oscar night.I give Life of Pi an 8 out of 10

So this is a movie based on a novel, now video game movie adaptations doesn't seem to work a lot of times. But it works from novel to movies sometimes and I haven't even read the book. But it seemed like this is a great adaptation. Now I wasn't even excited for this movie or anything, when I saw the first trailer I didn't even know what this movie was about. It just showed a guy and a tiger on a boat. This kinda seemed like "127 Hours" and "Castaway" combined kinda. But it is a more meaningful movie that has some deep messages to go with it. Now this is a family movie but youngsters probably won't be entertained much by this but for the adults that like psychological and spiritual movies just might dig this one. I can't really say I was very entertained throughout this whole movie, some parts seemed a bit slow for me. But this is just one of those movies you might have to ponder upon about after seeing it to know why it's a great movie. The cinematography is just vivid and beautiful to watch even if it's mostly nature. Most of the running time is taken up while showing the relationship between Pi Patel and a tiger and they are both stranded on a boat. And I especially liked how it didn't go in a far-fetched direction but you can actually buy into the relationship between Pi and the tiger. Overall this is a great movie that is worth seeing, just don't expect a lot of action or laugh out loud comedy. Although there are some witty and cute comedic parts in this movie. Without giving the ending away it leaves it up to the audience to choose. Although some might like the message and other won't.8.2/10

This film is mildly recommended. Give me the real thing anytime! Sparkling rhinestones never trump diamonds. Plastic trees and silk flowers can never substitute for nature's glories. Artificial sweeteners are fine for awhile, but usually leave a funny aftertaste. Which brings us to Ang Lee's Life of Pi, a so-so entertainment that is long on style and short in substantial value.Overdone best describes this film. Visually, the film is a stunning work of art. ( I found the 3-D to be totally enthralling, almost too precise and overworked at times, but still a remarkable undertaking of this process. ) The film's color palette has an exciting vibrancy that is unmatched by other films, but also an artificial over-saturated glow, as if colors were boosted beyond their limits. There are scenes of true artistry that give this film a distinctive allure ( the staging of the actual shipwreck sequence, the surprise meeting of the boy and his tiger aboard the small lifeboat, a surrealistic hallucination that is filled with stark imagery, the colorful sunsets and ominous cloud reflecting upon the waters ). These effects do create an otherworldly atmosphere, which I suppose was Lee's goal, but the film's onslaught of phantasmagoric dreamscapes becomes excessive and outweighs the slenderest of plots: a philosophical and spiritual parable about a boy and his tiger lost at sea. This paradoxic metaphor is the basis conceit that enables the director and his screenwriter to explore the deeper meaning of religion, faith, and God that, in the end, makes Life of Pi become a preachy treacle, continually musing about our existence in this vast universe. ( Recent films by major directors like Terrance Malick's The Tree of Life, Lars van Trier's Melancholia, and the recent Cloud Atlas by the Wachowskis have explored this territory with similar mixed results. So one cannot fault Ang Lee with his passion and determination to film this novel and its metaphysical ruminations. ) Ultimately where Lee's film fails is in its conventional storytelling. The screenplay literally sinks the movie. Its script by David Magee rambles on and is especially slow-moving in the first half hour of the film with all its tedious exposition and build-up prior to the shipwreck. Based on Yann Martel's novel, the plot set-up is told in flashback, with the adult Pi bookending the more exciting adventure storyline. As he narrates his tale of survival, the character of the younger Pi ( Suraj Sharma ) emerges, but he is never fully realized. He is merely a pawn in this sea of woe. More time and success is spent on the exquisite photo-realistic rendering of Bengal tiger nicknamed Richard Parker. The CGI enhanced Mr. Parker gives a more lifelike performance and upstages the real life actor, Mr. Sharma, who could use some acting lessons. This imbalance sacrifices a real emotional gravitas needed to really care about the central character which I found completely missing in the film. ( In fact, the tiger had a lot more patience that I would have had if I was on that lifeboat and had to subject myself to Pi's religious rants and whining. He clearly would have been dinner by midday. ) Life of Pi is slightly adrift, a film full of excesses and self-important swagger. Lee overindulges his vision and seems more preoccupied in creating an ethereal world that is quite beautiful and strange to behold but, contrary to his own beliefs, it is also quite annoying to experience all of its religious dogma too. The overall effect of Life of Pi is a mixed blessing, so to speak. Life of Pi is a visually impressive achievement in filmmaking, but it remains intellectually and emotionally off-course. GRADE: B-ANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.comNOTE: Years ago, there was a wonderful film based on a children's novel called The Black Stallion which followed a similar storyline: a boy and an animal are shipwrecked and need each other to survive the hardships they face together. That film used a visual, almost wordless narrative to connect story and imagery; this film relies too heavily on the imagery to connect the pretentiousness of its hollow and holiest of words.

If you are paging through reviews trying to determine if this film is worthy of your time, effort, and money, let me cut to the chase for you....YES! YES! YES! This is a very unique movie, unlike any you may have seen before. The acting is brilliant, the storyline is compelling, the cinematography breath taking, and the adventure is spellbinding. If that sounds like a fun time at the movies, then this one is for you.I had the good fortune to see this movie in 3D, I'm sure it is good without the 3D effect, but if you have a choice, try 3D as the special effects are nothing less than mind blowing.I loved this one, time seemed to fly by and I didn't want this adventure to end, I'd say that is the true test of a great film.....enjoy!!

I recently watched the Life of Pi movie and am pleased to say I thoroughly enjoyed it. Having read the book I was worried they might deviate too far from the original storyline as so many book-based movies I've seen in the past have done. Life of Pi was definitely an exception. I don't feel that anything was lost in translation. In fact, I believe the movie actually added to the wonder of the original story through the beautiful cinematography, special effects and acting. There were so many stunning shots throughout the movie, but the zoomed out scenes of Pi Patel's lifeboat floating over the placid sun, sky, and star reflecting waters of the Pacific Ocean were simply breathtaking. I was also very impressed with the 3D special effects, namely the re- creation of Richard Parker (the tiger Pi was stranded with), but overall they did a simply amazing job. Not since Avatar have I been so mesmerized by the combination of beautiful cinematics and 3D visuals... Check out my full review here: http://chrisbrenner.wordpress.com/2012/11/28/38/

Just wow.Is a must watch movie , and I think this would be the movie of the year. The best movie I've seen this year .The actor is perfect , PI did a great job on acting what he's suppose to do . I watched it just now in 2D and I think is a 'must watch 3D thing' cause every scene with effect I keep on wonder how beautiful it is if this was in 3D. Ang Lee did a great job on presenting this character to us , and describe every emotions a human would have.I definitely going to watch second time in 3D , Gives me this feeling (dont know how to say) the same feelings when I watch Big Fish . And I like that movie very much too . Best of the best~

This movie was without a doubt a work of art. Weather it was the cinematography the special effects even the storytelling was all exceptional. This will be a Oscar nominated movie very worthy of a win or so. Watching this movie I felt transported into the movie like I haven't been before. With the religious and spiritual themes are simple and deep and reveals more questions about what your faith and belief than to answer them. Sense there was no preaching about religion or spirituality made it also more entertaining. The way the story unfolded it explored how our storied can get us through the worst of experiences and to deal with the aftermath. This was more of a survival story and how faith in god, a higher being, or just in yourself. The way Ang lee did the movie with the narration from old and young pi to music all the whole time so there aren't any slow dead scenes, and the result was a faster more entertaining film. With there being basically one character for most of the movie it was important that the character appeals to the audience feelings, but also having the right actor. Suraj Sharma was excellent as the adult Pi. His ability to make each emotional scene as equal to the others shows the talent he has. Even the tiger on the boat with him almost having human features but still keeping him the wild beast he is. Although the tiger is computer generated it is quite hard to tell a lot of the time with the way it acts during the movie. He was as important a character as Pi was. Most movies that seem to have a lot of computer graphics even 3D sometimes don't add to the movie even a way to hide a weak plot. This movie it was almost necessary especially with the heavy handed religious tones. What Lee invents with the integration of the ocean and the other animals is nothing but spectacular. He ability to marry the imagery and the experience was on par with movies like avatar and Hugo. Lee's preparation for the film and his passion for the subject matter further shows in this magical masterpiece that is a must see movie of the year.

My first recommendation to any adult would be to watch this film alone- not with their noisy friends, or meddlesome children. The reason for this is simple - in order to totally submit oneself to the visual and spiritual experience delivered by the movie, one has to remain alone, just as Pi does for over two hundred days, being the only human stranded on the lifeboat. I believe this experience cannot be savored when one's emotional response is dictated by the collective feeling of the group (just imagine sitting there holding back your tears because you do not want your friends to snicker at you. In spite of going alone, I was disturbed a couple of times by some people who were wowed by the lion ( it's a tiger, for god's sake!), so I'm glad I didn't bring anyone with me who would have surely robbed me of the delight and wonderment that Life of Pi delivers. The story of Pi's journey of a lifetime begins with a enchantingly dreamy opening sequence showing animals, birds and reptiles of many kinds at a zoo. What's so astonishing about this sequence is that you are so lost admiring the beauty of the animals shown without narration but with a soulful Indian classical music score that you pay no attention to the opening credits until the name of Ang Lee pops up more prominently at the end. The first Pi that we see is probably in his forties and has already completed his journey long back. On his uncle's insistence, he shares his life story with a writer. As the older Pi narrates his story, the camera inter-cuts between the present time and Pi's childhood through fluid dissolves and morphs. We get to know why Pi is called Pi - a queer name for an Indian kid; we can make out that Pi is one curious boy who believes in exploring religion and spirituality and has a deep affinity to animals. A pivotal incident in his early days involving Richard Parker changes his attitude towards life and other matters that were consequential to him before. His family decides to move to Canada on a Japanese ship along with the zoo animals; an unexpected storm hits them on their journey and only Pi manages to hold on to the life boat... along with an injured zebra, a friendly orangutan, a cantankerous hyena and the mighty Richard Parker. What follows then is a deeply mesmerizing tale of courage, will to survive, perseverance, realization and ultimately - hope, which is what the world needs right now, hope.Life of Pi is full of deep and important themes, and I can say, based on the experience I had in the theater, that more than three fourth of the audience were either i) oblivious to the metaphorical allusions or ii) not interested enough to get them. If you give adequate attention to the movie, you shall realize how important the element of water is the film; the swimming pool scene with Pi's uncle, Piscine being named after the pool and the entire journey taking place in the ocean - all three incidents have the element of water in common. Why does Pi look closely at the ocean water and see his life flash before him? Is it a commentary of how fate works? What about the journey of Richard Parker and Pi? Is it only to show the relation between man and animal? Pi fears Parker and distances himself from his fear, only to confront and later conquer his fear (i.e. Parker) but not by destroying Parker but by developing an understanding with him (his fear). What does Pi gain from this journey? Hope is the word I get whenever I search for answers, and isn't hope required in this world, especially when you lose everything? And hasn't this message been reiterated so many times after 7/11 and the financial crisis in USA? Obama's inaugural address when he was elected for the first time stressed on hope, films such as 127 hours channelize hope. It isn't a surprise that Life of Pi has come this year and is doing well at the box office - people want films that carry the message of hope. And, I think Life of Pi teaches that you can get hope provided you have the will to survive and resist the temptation of an enclosed existence. There are some standout scenes in Life of Pi which includes the opening scene, the storm scene, the moment Pi looks into the water wondering what Richard is looking intently at and the second storm scene. The third scene from above is especially noteworthy because of the way Ang Lee has filmed it - after the camera takes us underwater to get a view of Pi's vision, it goes back to show Pi's reaction for a second, and then, for about two seconds,cuts to the face of Richard Parker looking at him.This was one unforgettable moment that shook me completely. I've mentioned the second storm scene as a notable one as it gives us some minutes to reflect on whatever has happened in the film, and this is the point people should think instead of answering their cell phone calls ( person next to me).Irfan Khan so honestly conveyed his sadness towards the end with not more than a teardrop. I really wished Suraj Sharma could do that instead of feigning grief by simply quivering his lips mechanically, speaking without conveying a sense of terrible isolation and not understanding fully the relevance of his character in the film. In many scenes, his eyes do not give us anything and he says important lines without hinting the subtext beneath them. It's still a good job considering he has no prior acting experience.

Life Of Pi review... Its a tale of Hope, courage, spirituality, magic and beauty... The film is an adaptation of a book which was not expected to be filmed but Ang Lee has made it possible.. Whats good: visual effects and 3D at its best. Amazing performances. Story is told in a brilliant manner and with amazing dialogues. The tiger is amazing. The scares are good.whats bad: Film requires patience. Cant think of watching it without 3D. Too much water may cause sea sickness to u. The climax which is meant to be left open for the viewers is shown more in a unidirectional way in the film.Verdict: Film like these are not made very often. Deserves a watch. Watch it for the best visual effects.

I saw this film last night in 3D. I was expecting a Disney style, jungle book kind of movie, but this was a WOW experience!!! Maybe it's because I see a lot of films, but honestly, I haven't been truly impressed by a movie in years and I was blown away! Ever hear the expression "killing me softly" well, that's the only way I can describe the emotion I felt.This film is truly an impressive masterpiece, in every sense of the word. From the cinematography, to the story telling, to the pacing of the film, it is so thoughtful and grand. I can't say enough about what an authentic soul searching story this film turns out to be. The way it's told doesn't force a spiritual journey on you, but instead, presents you with a story that allows you to journey into yourself. If I just read the from someone else cynical side of me would roll my eyes, but it truly isn't a pretentious or preachy film, it's just a soul affirming experience. The film makers did everything right in this movie. From the casting, to the thoughtful use of 3D, everything gels perfectly and leaves you feeling grateful for going to the movies. In short I recommend this movie to anyone but young kids. There is no way they could sit through this whole movie without becoming an annoyance to all the other patrons. The subject matter is too deep, and they would not be able to handle some of the scenes or the lengthy film time. Be kind to everyone else at the movies and go with older kids or adults.

This is one of those movie that you go see and afterwords it stays in your head for a good long while. Not because it makes you think, not because it is revelatory or life changing in anyway, but because it has a strange cerebral effect. It is a movie you feel, and those types of movies are the hardest to shake, whether you want to or not, whether they are good or bad.Life of Pi lives and breaths in the spiritual world. It challenges us to face certain questions that have always been at the forefront of humanity: questions about our existence and what governs that existence. Through the long journey of shipwreck and days upon days of hunger, heat and fear aboard a small life boat, the audience, along with Pi, goes through a long period of soul searching. However all the time we have a deadly and ferocious companion staring us in the eye. For Pi this is an adult Bengal Tiger named Richard Parker, for the audience it is doubt. Doubt in the existence of a higher power, doubt in the existence of a world that is more then billions upon billions of years of accidents and improbabilities that randomly resulted in the world and the universe around us. Life of Pi reminds us that the beauty of this world is no mere accident. It is all apart of a greater piece. A piece that was intricately woven by a force beyond human comprehension. This is where the power of the movie lives and where it should have spent a little more time. The story is told by a much older Pi to a writer, and through this amazing story, Pi seeks to prove the existence of God. This is the weak part of the film, that almost ruined the whole of it. After Pi finishes his amazing story, he offers the audience a different, but more plausible story and he asks the writer as, well as the audience, "which is the better story?" The writer of course answers, "the one with the tiger," to which Pi responds, "So it is with God!" This revelation of sorts compromises everything the film worked so hard to set up. You cannot spend a whole film defending religion and a higher power, and end it by saying we should believe in God because it's the better story. We should believe in religion because it makes us feel better. We should believe in God, because it sounds nicer then no God. This significantly dampened the experience for me and jolted me out of the spiritual world, forcing me back into the logical one, where answers like that don't fly. This is not a movie that challenges us to believe in the better of two stories. It is a film that asks us to look around us, and see the world for what it is. It is an irrational world, a world of astounding beauty, a world of improbability. This film does not (or at least shouldn't) ask us to believe in God necessarily, but to believe in something. It asks us to tap into our spiritual side, because it is only through the soul that we can see the world clearly, and begin to understand it more fully. Despite this one flaw, the film is worth a watch, if only for the beauty of the film which presents us with a dazzling array or bright colors and astounding feats of visual effects, particularly the life like CGI tiger. But most importantly, this film is a journey into the soul worth taking. Maybe you can even walk out of the movie early and miss the small part at the end that almost killed the film.

Life of Pi is a... an... just go and experience the storm in 3D. I think that is the best way to describe it. It is one of that rare movie which will amaze you. From a book which they said was too difficult to adapt to a movie which turned out to be a movie which could never be made again. Ang Lee has done the thing, he has given a life to the book, he made the viewers live throughout the movie using the epic 3D & the over the mount everest CG visual effects, stunning cinematography , sleek editing, cool music, & some fine acting. The director took a leap of faith and emerged as a Legend. Hats for to Ang Lee for giving Life of Pi, thumps for taking the challenge & making the viewers live through the Storm .and the saddest part is that Richard Parker was not real, he was too good. All the Animals, the Ocean, the island , everything was CG. But you will never realize a slightest defect .Visual Effects at its best ever.. Should give thumbs up to Suraj Sharma for acting too good with a thing that wasn't there & Ang Lee for making it come true..Oscar deserving movie.... An ANG LEE movie experience to remember....

This review won't be long. It's title says it all. I have never seen more engaging, beautiful, untactful, magnificent, thrilling, kind, lovely, etc. etc. movie in my life. The DOP, conceptual artists, art-director and CGI guys are genius. The movie is amazingly well-acted and directed. It's not just a FX for the sake of FX. They are superb but only there to underline and illuminate the drama. It's very hard to find words to describe the beauty of this movie. The picture is just astonishing. Every single frame is a piece of fine art. To resume, it's the CINEMA as it should be in 21st century, not just another stupid film version of a comic book. This is something out of this world. An absolute must-see. An absolute masterpiece.

Greetings again from the darkness. Every now and then we are reminded of just how stunning movies can be. Periodically a filmmaker proves to us that pushing the envelope of creativity still drives some auteurs. James Cameron brought us Avatar, which demonstrated that 3D technology could be beautiful and breath-taking. As beautiful and new as Cameron's breakthrough was, it lacked a story worthy of it advancements. Now, we get director Ang Lee's vision of Yann Martel's worldwide bestseller, and we are left gasping at what happens when you combine a fantastical story with technological advances and perfection.Ang Lee has provided us with a varied selection of films including Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon; Brokeback Mountain; and Sense and Sensibility. He refuses to be limited by genre and takes a global and philosophical view of filmmaking. He wants us to think and discuss and think some more. His Life of Pi film purposefully leaves many scenes, events and thoughts open to interpretation. You can see as much or as little of humanity in this story as you like.The brilliant opening shows real animals in the real zoo located in Pondicherry, India. The colors, sights and sounds are dazzling and give us an immediate feel for the area. We meet young Pi and his family. Pi is inquisitive and ingenious from an early age. His father imparts such wisdom as "If you believe in everything, you believe in nothing". This comes as Pi is absorbing multiple religions and considers himself Hindu/Muslim/Christian. At an early age, he seeks answers and meaning. Soon enough, Pi and his family take their most valued animals on a ship to Canada. Disaster strikes when a storm capsizes the ship and Pi is the lone human survivor. He finds himself in a small lifeboat with a hyena, an orangutan, and a huge Bengal tiger.The developments need not be discussed here, but rather the focus of the story is the spirit of survival that Pi possesses. His ingenious methods of learning to coexist with the ferocious tiger force us to consider what the human race has done to nature in too many regards to count. Pi's religious spirit and insightful ways, coupled with a very specific survival guide, lead him to maneuver 227 days adrift in the Pacific. In the process, we are treated to some of the most spectacular visuals ever seen on screen. At times the sea, and its sea life and sky, are phosphorescent. The story is so amazing that we find ourselves not caring how much is real and how much is caused by Pi's hunger and thirst. Some of the visual effects are tranquil, while others are quite violent. A sequence featuring flying silver fish is something to behold.The structure of the story is such that an adult Pi (played by Irrfan Khan) is re-telling the tale of survival to a Canadian novelist (Rafe Spall). While this is a traditional story-telling device, it takes nothing away from the anything but traditional story of Pi and Richard Parker (the tiger's name). We are told "This is a story that will make you believe in God". Whether it does or it doesn't, it certainly makes us believe in the magic of movies.Some will compare to Castaway, while others will think of 127 Hours. My best advice is to let go and give yourself to the story and the film. There is always time afterwards for debate and discussion. Instead, enjoy the moment and be thankful that a movie like this can get made ... it will lead the industry to even more creative productions down the road. So, just this once, forget what I have said many times, and go see this one in 3D. Allow it to take you away.

I would consider this movie to be the best movie of this year.The storytelling is great , The characters development is superb and the cinematography is breathtaking.The movie conveys a lot without directly stating it . Richard parker, for example could never be seen as not being a wild animal, managed to be someone due to whom Pi was able to survive.The development of Pi's personality as the movie went along was really natural, I did not just watch this movie ,But experienced it.The part which really moved me was the end. The insurance people, who were not ready to believe in Pi's first story ended up using it for their report because the story with people in it was too uncomfortable for them.That gives us a insight into how human society works.This movie is really a masterpiece.Hats off to the director and everyone involved in the making

Based on Yann Martel's 2001 novel of the same name, Ang Lee's 'Life of Pi' is a Stunning motion-picture, that delivers in high regard. Not only is it visually stunning, but its also solidly written, fabulously directed & beautifully acted. A Big Winner! 'Life of Pi' Synopsis: A young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor ... a fearsome Bengal tiger.David Magee's Adapted Screenplay is solid & offers nail-biting moments all through the adventure. Ang Lee's is a master at his craft & he directs this adventure fabulously. The Special Effects are outstanding, among the finest I've ever seen. The use of 3D is remarkable. Cinematography, Editing & Art Design, are marvelous.Performance-Wise: Suraj Sharma as Pi, delivers a compelling performance. He takes us through this unbelievable adventure & delivers at every step. Irrfan Khan as the adult Pi, is splendid, as usual. The Ever Terrific Tabu is a pleasure to watch. Adil Hussain is perfect. Gérard Depardieu barely has any role.On the whole, 'Life of Pi' is a must watch.

First all, everything is only my personal point of view and I just try to interpret this movie in my way because it really fascinated me during the 127 minutes and afterward. I am from the Orient and I think I can understand what Ang Lee, one of the greatest directors, is indicating behind those spectacular scenes.From the very beginning until almost the end, we were watching the first story. The only survivor of a shipwreck, Pi, made it after more than 200 days floating on sea, with the accompany of a tiger, Richard Parker. They fought and cooperated. It was a unbelievable journey and Pi went through a lot changes and transformation. Being a vegetarian, he had to catch and kill fish to feed both Richard Parker and himself. He was both sorry and thankful. He was on a no-one-know-it island where daytime was a heaven but nighttime was the hell. Shining whale brought away his food and another storm almost killed him. Anyway, he made it and survived and was saved finally. Almost everyone has focused on the first story, especially the amazing and mind-blowing special effects and visualizations. And some even complained about the story line and long opening before they boarded the ship. I was one of them until the very end, when in face of Japanese investigators, Pi told the second story. In this, the chef, the sailor, Pi's mother and himself. The chef ate the sailor and killed Pi's mother, which stimulated Pi and led to Pi killing the chef. Every animal has its meaning in the second story. The Zebra is the sailor, being eaten by the jackal representative of the chef, who also killed the ape symbolizing Pi's mother. The tiger, actually is Pi himself. It was what is inside Pi, also every human being, that without reasoning we are nothing but beasts. In the storm, Pi put himself against it while Richard was so scared. Storm is kind of like test from God or God himself. Our inside breasts are afraid of such tests and failed to confront it. What makes us human being diff from beasts is our belief in God and more generally human reasoning. In the end, both the writer and the Japaneses investigators chose the first story with the tiger. But what is your choice?

How does one narrate a story like Life of Pi? And then, how does one make a movie out of it? Assuming you manage to pull it off somehow, how on earth do you find any scope for use of 3D in a movie that has no alien attacks, warring robots or swinging superheroes?Ang Lee delivers the answers to all these questions in spectacular fashion. I have read reviews comparing this movie with Avatar, and i feel it is an unfair comparison. Avatar was nothing more than a three- hour advertisement for 3D, whereas in Life of Pi, 3D becomes a part of the story itself, almost like a character in itself.The movie opens with debates on religion and spirituality, which might feel a little dull for Indian audiences, for whom these concepts are part and parcel of everyday life, but would fascinate Western audiences. Once the family of the protagonist, Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma) sets sail for Canada, along with all the animals in their zoo which they plan to sell in Canada, it turns into a gripping drama. The ship sinks, and Pi finds himself adrift on a lifeboat, which he has to share with a zebra, a hyena, an orangutan - and the star of the show, a Royal Bengal tiger called Richard Parker.The storm scenes are so realistic, and so superbly enhanced by 3D, that it would not be a bad idea to carry along seasickness bags into the movie hall. As we breeze through storms, shoals of bioluminescent fish, flying fish, exotic islands and so on - the technical prowess of the movie grips you with its brilliance. The screenplay and the camera-work, and above all, the CGI - the tiger is apparently a product of CGI - are all strong contenders for Academy awards. But the stronger point of the movie is not its technical details, but the emotional quotient. The entire drama is about the relationship between the tiger and Pi, which is among the most unusual relationships ever seen on the screen. Suraj Sharma delivers a memorable performance reminiscent of Tom Hanks in Cast Away. He showcases his remarkable ability to have you in splits with his comic timing, and at the same time moves you to tears. It's an extremely challenging role - of having to carry the entire movie on his shoulders - and Sharma does a stellar job.Towards the end, however, the movie sags down inexplicably, as if the director suddenly ran out of creative ideas and asked one of his understudies to complete the movie. Indeed, it is the last 20-odd minutes which caused me to rate it 7 rather than 9, but despite its shortcomings, Life of Pi remains a must-watch, and one of the favourites for Best Movie and Best Director awards.

*When: 7:20, 25th Nov. 2012 *Where: Maichilai, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.*How: Driving to theater. After exercising.*Why: Ann Lee create a film which is echoed well from the critics. although I didn't successfully join the Taiwan Mobile VIP due to seats too much near screen for my Mom, I decided to go to see it and share with Janet.*Whom: Myself.*What: Despite of the confusion about which one of the stories is true eventually, there are some deep meanings inside of the film. The father next to me was yawning in some quiet scene. Maybe he's still figure out the essence of it. The great things I enjoy are the artistic design and natural arrangement of 3D. The core idea delivered from this film is not only the will of survival but also a philosophy of life in an unknown adventure.*Conclusion: a great one for refreshing.

I often try to use the movie name or something about it as part of my blog title. However, nothing short of 'spell-binding' does justice to this one. Ang Lee brings to life practically the impossible – a supposedly unfilmable book is presented in a manner that is a treat for the senses making Life of Pi a must-watch all the way!! Life of Pi starts off slow and after a time you begin wondering where's all the water, animals and action you saw in the trailer - but patience bears fruit. Once the adventure begins you are completely swept away and by the time the film reaches its abrupt intermission (since there's really no intermission in a Hollywood movie) you are well entrenched in the adventure and in no mood for a break. There's a lot of talk about the 3D of Life of Pi being better than Avatar. I'd just say that Life of Pi is presented in 3D in an Avatar of its own, the kind that perfectly suits the story that is told. The 3D isn't as extravagant, but peaks up at exactly the right moments and some scenes are sure to give you the thrills you would seek from a 3D movie. Clearly some lessons for all and sundry on how to use 3D in a movie However, while its a visual spectacle, Life of Pi is a real winner more because of the kind of depth its storyline offers. On the face of it, its an adventure, a tale of courage, hope and survival all very well but peel the layers and you find profound depth and meaning to everything you've witnessed in an entirely different light. I myself believe that I have only scratched the surface of what Life of Pi has to offer apart from its visual treat and best of all the director doesn't push you to think in any given direction. Its for you to think, explore and ponder or not The performances are top notch too, Suraj Sharma the protagonist does a decent job and pulls off a difficult role. The treatment to his character and his visual appearance is thoughtful and consistent, making his unbelievable story come to life. Irrfan Khan delivers yet again and though his initial accent is a little unbecoming, his emotional delivery later in the movie takes the cake. So does Adil Hussain impress with his impeccable accent and delivery in the earlier part of the movie. The only one wasted, is Tabu who given her range of performance is given a rather simple and short role The real star of the show is however, Ang Lee – first for believing that such a movie was possible and secondly for presenting it so wondrously - with scenes shot under and over water, at close quarters with a royal Bengal tiger and a host of other superb sequences. After one has almost given up here comes a real winner. One should never lose hope..so is the case with God, and Hollywood too I guess ;)To read my reviews on other movies check out my blog at http://www.anitalks.blogspot.com

This film is so beautiful to see, and the director's production so enthralling, that it rather grieves me to criticize the work, but that I'm compelled to do.The problem with this is that the adult Pi's interpretation of his adventures both confuses and undermines the narrative. He (and writer) are so committed to making this interpretation as vague and general as possible that it leaves one in limbo.Likewise such things as the "canivorous island" sequence dips into the fantasy idiom, which conflicts with its realistic content, making for muddled genre.Finally, in an effort to be inclusive regarding Pi's religious background, the writer chose to specify particular religions, thereby muddling the narrative's purity. It would have been better to dramatize the spirituality rather than specify it by naming names. This later limits the story's universality and further complicates the narrative's purpose.By keeping things as vague as possible, I'm sure many viewers think there's something deep here . . . something mystical and of a high plane. Actually I see it as a smoke screen for appearance sake and special effect.Still, the director's production is at such a high technical level that the film must be correctly be called "good."

For those who do not know, Life of Pi is a famous novel written by Yann Martel.As a person who has read the book, I have to say I am incredibly amazed at how accurate the movie was and how every little detail was incorporated in the novel. The 3d animations were extraordinary and it was just as I had imagined when I read the book. It was very realistic and the scenes were calming to the mind.The actors, where do I begin? Amazing just like how I remember them acting like in the book. I never really cry in films, but I did in this one. Very touching, very realistic and very exciting.I don't remember blinking or breathing at times threw the film. It's an exciting adventure that takes you threw the journey in the eyes of Pi Patel. Enjoy it!

Life Of Pi gave me very good lessons about Life..... It is film about Life,Friendship,God and Religion.The Film has very nice shots taken,its really a cinematic achievement.The shots taken of the ocean are completely unbelievable.I enjoyed through out the movie.Its not the movie to be enjoyed with popcorn,but a movie to learn something about life.3-D effects r not that good but the shots taken are awesome.The Ocean looks pretty good.Acting was throughout good in the movie,especially the kid Suraj Sharma,he did an amazing job in this movie.He is going to achieve a lot of things in his life.From this movie I a lot about relationship between animal and humans.This movie shows that animals too have souls,they too have a soft corner in their heart.Overall the movie is one the best in 2012.It might be the first 3-d movie to go through and win Oscar.Hats off to Ang Lee.He has given us a film something learn to.It will be another achievement for him,or it might give him the Oscar.But I gotta say its superb directorial achievement.

Next up on my Thanksgiving weekend reviews is the newest novel based movie called Life of Pi. This past summer I was captivated by the wonderful trailer that was visually stunning and had a killer soundtrack that matched the flow of the trailer. When I found out Ang Lee was directing it I got even more excited that this film was going to be an artistic wonder. Since I hadn't read the book though, I had no idea what else I was in store for other than a modern version of the Cast Away movie. So what did this movie have to offer? Read on to find out.For those who haven't seen the trailer or read the book, Life of Pi is the tale of a man named Piscine Patel, known by most as Pi, an Indian boy who likes to question many rules and discover new lessons. On the voyage to a new home in Canada, the boat Pi and his family are riding capsizes leaving him stranded with a few animals and some rations on a small lifeboat. The teenage boy will discover a world he never imagined, while struggling to maintain his life in the lonely world of the ocean.That's pretty much the plot, so you might wonder what makes this movie different from Cast Away, other than the main character is Indian and there is a tiger. I'll start with talking about the visuals of this move, which for me and a couple of my buddies was the best element of the movie. From the get go, the cinematography is amazing capturing the natural beauty of the Indian continent. As the opening credits start, the audience is treated to some well angled shots of the various zoo creatures, each doing their own thing as if nothing is happening. Once the movie officially starts though, the camera work continues to get better, with every angle being selected to get the most out of the scene. Even the chaotic scenes aboard the sinking ship were well captured, skipping the chaotic camera angles for the use of CGI and visuals to create the feelings of uncontrolled fear. When calm eventually returns the desolate world of the vast ocean is impressively recreated on the screen. Many of its inhabitants are well polished and designed to have you thinking they are real, that is until you get a closer look. Upon focusing on the actual creatures, you can see where the realism starts to blur a bit, as the animals become a little too polished and clean. Despite this though, the animation for the animals is still impressive, capturing their movements to the finite detail and adapting them to the interaction with Pi and the tiger. Thus the artistic aspects of this movie are definitely prevailing in this movie. A second big quality of this movie is the spirituality built into this feature film. Before even pushing out on the boat, Pi begins experimenting with multiple religions, each being explained in their connection to the deities. Those interested in religion will get a nice refresher course in theology; though will appreciate more of the practice in this movie. Scenes where Pi prays or talks to God are sure to strike up some feelings in fans, whether good or bad really depends on the person. For this reviewer, it did make me thankful for many things, and helping strengthen my spiritual connection. There are even a few other scenes that seem like a trippy experience into the spiritual realm that is visually beautiful, but still a little weird. If this isn't what you want to see in a movie well, then you might choose to skip this film. If this isn't what you want to see in a movie well, then you might choose to skip this film. What else is there to mention about this movie? Well I can warn you now that there are some graphic scenes of life that may disturb some people. I admit that some of the animal hostility in this film made me very sad, and could make little kids cry their eyes out. Despite this sadness though, I have to admit it is very realistic as when fighting for survival animals can turn into savage monsters. Those looking for a story with lots of twists and turns are also advised to skip this movie as well, since it is little more than an Indian boy fighting for survival and documenting his adventure. However, those who like movies that dive into the mind and character are going to be up for this film. Another thing about this film is the pace of the movie keeps things a little slow. Again this is a life adventure, but did we really need over two hours of film to see this? For this reviewer not really, as half an hour less could have helped with the long dragging feeling of this film. The acting by Suraj Sharma was very passionate at many points in the movie and well representative of the emotions. Unfortunately some of the scenes forced him to be a little too passionate in his yelling, leading to a little over-dramatic tension.To wrap this review up, Ang Lee and company have created a visually stunning masterpiece that makes you think about your spiritual beliefs. With award winning animation, polished creature design, beautiful settings and cinematography, and some well done editing, it's no doubt this movie will be a candidate for best visual effects. What could have made it even better though was adding a soundtrack like the trailer to further bring out the magic, instead of just using it for the sad scenes. Regardless this movie is best seen in the theater with the visuals, yet if you go for plot wait until it releases on Netflix. My scores for this movie are the following: Adventure/Drama: 8.0 Movie Overall: 7.0 please email rkarim11@su.edu for constructive criticism

I was not that impressed by this film as other people did.Does it deserve all those rewards and nominations? I do not think so.Yes, the visual effects are fabulous, but story is not that much.Why it was treated with so many awards puzzles me.I guess I am not a person who likes these types of films.It is more for children then for adults.That is all I had to say about this film.OK.Enough.That is it.

Cgi does not make this film interesting.The first third is the most interesting as it sets up the story.The 2nd and 3rd sections treat the audience as infantile. The dialog is awfully plain and dispassionate. I did not care for Pi's plight, whereas I think a more innovative screenplay and direction could have engendered some compassion for Pi. The scene switching back to present day Pi always broke the film's mood. These present days scenes felt to be lifted from the pages of a daytime soap opera rather than a feature film.A boring story not worth realizing into a film.Don't bother seeing this.

I don't like the message the film gives. Didn't like the religious themes either. Better to live with magical fake truth because it makes you happy than face the real truth? I didn't know this movie was so violent too.The cgi hasn't aged well, and looks very fake in 2019.

My Rating : 9/10I absolutely love Life of Pi. I don't care what others think of this gem, it's awesome! Two Thumbs UP! And it won 4 Oscars too!A wonderful story about storytelling and how telling our stories can get us through the most horrible life experiences and deal with their aftermath.Highly Recommended!

The whole movie was unbearably boring, miserably pathetic and horribly directed. I see, this piece of trash has been over-rated, my god! Irfan khan who is I think an Indian actor is an horrible actor. I saw his crap acting in Spiderman (2012). Now there he goes again. I guess most Indians are over-rating this trash movie, and there are 120 million Indians in the world! That explains why this movie is over-rated. This plot was flat, predictable and dull. They tried to make it exciting by putting a tiger in the film and it backfired because they entirely failed to maintain the plot's smoothness. It has a lot of bumps. Perhaps the biggest failure of the year.

It is beyond me how this film has so many high reviews. When seeing the trailer, I thought what more could there be to a boy stranded in the sea on a ship. And although I was convinced otherwise, the film turned out to be exactly just that. The film is very very slow with very little happening. The scripting is poor, and you start to feel for the main actor in the film.In terms of visual effects, not bad but absolutely nowhere near as good as Avatar. Overall, so little happened in two hours, the overall message is nothing spectacular. Slow to start off, i was thinking please get to sea and meet the tiger. How I regretted this wish. Nothing happens whilst he is lost at sea. Literally nothing. It was like watching big brother when the contestants are sleeping! The way this film was perceived to be did little to justify the tags placed on it.My advice, save your money and time and watch something more worthwhile (like the Hobbit, again if you have to).

If I could give "0" stars for this movie, I would.I want my money and time back. This movie wont even make back the cost of the production to film. The actors were horrible. It is a torture to see them acting like that. The quality of computer imageries were the lowest level of their kinds. It was a total disaster in terms of actors, direction and the effects. The plot is too crappy and kill you to the death due to boredom. Perhaps they put the picture of the tiger in the movie poster to make audience curious. This was just a crap attempt and it is an empty movie with nothing to offer. From outside it may seem adventurous, but when you watch it you would want to throw glass at the screen for making you bore. Stay away from this miserable crap.

I have to say this first. Being an Indian, its shameful that Tabu and Irfan chose to be a part of this THING. ! And the young guy that played Pi, should be served a life time ban from movies. "Richard Parker, I brought water for you, Richard Parker" God ! Ang Lee made this? I thought he was a good director. This is the first of his films that I have watched. and I swear I will not see any more of his films in my lifetime.And that terrible accent. For those of you who don't know, its not how we Indians speak English. Seems Irfan had to imitate the young guys accent for the sake of creating the impression, that he was the grown up version of that awful guy in the boat. I wonder how can anyone relate to this horrible character. I just wished Richard Parker lunged at him and finished him off in a single strike. But the tiger is just as lame as the lead character.Usually Tigers show up well on screen. But they managed to undo that too. So we get a cartoonish Tiger.When you see the guy reading out some text on surviving sea wrecks, while riding a raft, having just lost his entire family. and the fact that the director has chosen to devote 10 minutes to all that crap, you know you are in for a nightmarish movie.The only question, the only emotion that the movie evoked in me was, how could anyone make such a movie, and how did it manage to make the money it made. I am ashamed of being a part of this population of 7+ billion, the majority of which found this movie worthy of praise.This movie and its story is so dumb, I need to make a few clarifications. Wish they had had the sense of consulting some experts before making a movie on religion and philosophy. The first thing is the vegetarian-turns-meateater sermon. For the record, there are vegetarians and non vegetarians residing peacefully and in harmony in India. But the people who are vegetarians don't try to turn the non-veggies into veggies. and vice versa. Now the point that the movie seems to make. That a boy stranded on a boat without food, abandons being a vegetarian and starts eating fish. Well, its OK for him, he is such a lousy character anyway. I don't mind seeing him eat fish. But you cant use such an example for making ur point. There are people who would rather die of hunger than eat fish. I am not talking about those celebrities who turn to vegetarianism for the sake of their boyfriends/girlfriends, or being fashionable and trendy. I may write more late on. I conclude for now.

Most of this movie is centred around a shipwrecked boy on a boat with a bengal tiger (yeah right ) and the struggle for survival. People are saying it was visually stunning - I must have missed those bits. I thought Titanic was stunning back in the day, there was nothing in this movie that could compare to the stunning imagery of Titanic. So I must have missed something somewhere. I tried to root for the main character but just couldn't find the emotional attachment as I found him as shallow as the main thesis of the movie. Which was a simple and fairly pointless "philosophical" question at the end: Which version of the story dd you prefer. He could have just as well said do you like your tea with or without sugar ?. I can't recall the last time I saw such an anti-climax to a major motion picture.The premise of the film was shallow, and perhaps if they cut out 2 hours of the movie, it may have made a good short film. Maybe ..

With its' poetic realism and sickly, spiritual subtext, Yann Martel's international bestselling novel Life of Pi was once declared unfilmable. Until now. Directed by Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon's Ang Lee, even if the plot stinks; this beautiful adventure movie is an absolute must-see.Newcomer Suraj Sharma stars as Piscine Molitor Patel, aka Pi; a well-educated, wistful teenager growing up on the grounds of his family's zoo in Pondicherry, India. The curious son of liberal parentage, Pi is fascinated by the religions of the world, studying them in detail but undecided, what is the correct path for him. Finding the answer and his soul mate, his father declares that the family are broke and must relocate to Canada. Boarding a cargo ship with his family and the anaesthetised exotic animals resting in the hull underneath, their journey across the Pacific is disrupted by the perfect storm; sending the vessel plunging to the seabed. The only human survivor, orphaned Pi is left stranded aboard a lifeboat with a hysterical hyena, wounded zebra, benevolent orangutan and a Bengalese Tiger called Richard Parker.You don't have to be an ethologist to see that Pi's predicament would cause an infinite number of problems. Once the animals clash, our hero is left as the carnivorous Richard Parker's final prey. But through his resourcefulness and spirituality, Pi manages to survive the fatal claws of his feline shipmate and, over a period of 227 days, the pair end up forming a remarkable relationship, built on companionship, fear and the mutual hope that they will one day be rescued.Words cannot describe how stunning this movie is to look at. With the help of cinematographer Claudio Miranda and a committed special effects team, the Oscar-Winning filmmaker behind Brokeback Mountain and the ill-fated comic-book hero Hulk has directed the first ever 3-D Art film. A bottomless box of visual delights, colours have never been so vivid, landscapes so luscious or 3D so fantastic. Instead of distancing us from the action on-screen, causing light-loss and nausea, the once-dreaded stereoscopic glasses deepen our engagement with Pi & Parker's ordeal. An extraordinary quest where they encounter millions of flying fish skittering past them, phosphorescent jellyfish glowing underneath, a breaching whale gliding across the starry skyline and an island inhabited by 60,000 Meerkats.In his debut role, Sharma is fantastic as Pi, able to balance religious fervour, comical flourish and irrepressible charm, even if his supporting catty cast member was almost entirely a digital creation, blended into the live action seamlessly. It's incredibly refreshing to see the ironically named Richard Parker never anthropomorphized. He doesn't talk, nor even exist in the real world, yet his presence in Pi's is what saves him, and ultimately the film, from excessive "is there a god?" ruminations.Adapted by screenplay writer David Magee (Finding Neverland), the cinematic spectacle does it's best to cloak what is ostensibly a very corny plot, but elements of the baggy original novel still creep in. In typical Forest Gump style, most of the story unravels through recollection, with a present day Pi (played by Irrfan Khan), living in Montreal and narrating the tale to a curious Canadian novelist (Rafe Spall). It's a telling-over-showing narrative compromise lifted directly from Martel's novel. A thorny branch that jolts the audience back into the mundane world we are all used to, and away from the wonderful realm where we'd rather be.Whilst my atheism was left unscathed, the rapturous aestheticism rekindled my passion for big blockbuser cinema. Life of Pi is a much-needed bit of heart-warming magic during this frosty festive season.Find more reviews at www.366movies.com

this story will make you believe in God, is the tall claim made early in this movie. does it go on and do that is another question. The film contains stunning and beautiful visuals as well as good performances by the actors. The movie as a whole fails to be a more than the sum of its parts. I liked it for its visual imagery and only its visual imagery. The story fails to grip, inspire, force you to think etc. Even the adventure in itself does not really look like and adventure but a boring ordeal. At the end of it we are left with a fantastic but a boring story which while presented in a visually appealing way, leaves you questioning, what the fuss was all about.

"A young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery" - IMDb short synopsisApart from glowing fish and an island of pacifist Meerkats what exactly made this movie epic? And what did he discover other than poking a tiger with a stick and yelling at it makes it not want to eat you. I was hoping for a lot out of this film but I didn't really see anything special about it. This film I felt lacked stability. It wasn't one type of movie or any. And I didn't feel emotionally attached to anything. I read somewhere that the alternate story he told in the end to the Japanese reporters was what really happened, but the way in which this was introduced was far too random. I guess though it has helped me make sense of a couple of things but I still think this was bland. One thing that bugged me right from the beginning, and I've never read the book so I'm not sure how to criticize the way the film has been written, I don't think Pi narrating his story of survival really worked. Because I knew he would be alright in the end I didn't feel very much towards what he was going through. I felt it would've been more powerful if you saw his story progress from childhood through to his late teens without any narration. Then there was his childhood, this drawn out sequence of his early life which didn't seem to have a massive effect on the main plot point. Once he is out at sea it's like nothing that came before really mattered. It wasn't really the eyecandy i predicted either. Things moved too fast for you to get a good look and there was just lots of stuff that glowed in the dark. I'm too tired to go on. I hope this has been coherent

Should be renamed Loads of Piffle.Complete unadulterated garbage with no redeeming features. Utterly pointless waste of time. I am only delighted that I did not pay to watch it. On television even the intervening and vacuous advertisements provide more interest.The whole concept - is flawed even beyond the dubious limits of fairy tale fantasies.

In Canada, a writer (Rafe Spall) visits the Indian storyteller Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma) and asks him to tell a story. Pi tells the story of his life since he was a kid in Pondicherry, India and the origin of his nickname. One day, his father that owns a zoo tells that his business is not good and he had decided to move to Canada and sell part of the animals in the United States of America. They travel in a Japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue, there is a storm followed by a shipwrecking.Pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra, a orangutan, a hyena and a male Bengal tiger that he called Richard Parker. They are adrift in the Pacific Ocean and when the tiger is hunger, he eats the other animals. Soon Pi learns that he might find a way to feed and domesticate the tiger to survive."Life of Pi" is an overrated adventure with stunning CGI.But the storyline is a rip-off of "Hell in the Pacific" and "Enemy Mine", with two enemies trapped in the same space, entwined with "Robinson Crusoe" and "Cast Away" and magnificent visual effects. The impressive marketing justifies the hype surrounding "Life of Pi". When Pi tells the true story of the wreckage, the magic is gone. Other aspect is, why ask people to believe in something stating if you don't the life will be horror. It is hard to decide even this movie is a religious or an atheist one. As if it is begging people to believe. Nonsense in that regard anyway. My vote is six.

Well. I just wrote a magnificent and long review of this film and then my computer refreshed itself. But i started it like this. I don't know where to start. The great new Leading Actor, this magnificent achievement in Directing, or this phenomenal use of CGI and computer animation. Piscine "Pissing" Molitor Patel's life is amazing. I love this movie, flat out. I can only imagine how long and descriptive the book is. Suraj Sharma (Pi) is a fantastic new Leading Actor in this movie. Especially since his supporting actor is the one and only Richard Parker. No, Richard Parker isn't a great actor you haven't heard of, Richard Parker is the name of the tiger seen on the boat with Pi. It is very hard to talk about this movie without giving away any of the plot. But i can say that this young man and his acting incorporated with the visionary computer animations was fantastic. The CGI and Computer animation in this film is in one compound word. Ground-breaking. Even better than Avatar. When you and I are in our elderly years, you being the reader, we will show this to our grandchildren as "The movie that changed how the world looked at CGI." I know that CGI has been around for a while as it is a newer thing but i truly think this is the first great usage of Computer Animation in a motion picture. I hope that Ang Lee is proud of himself and his crew. No other person could tell this story the way he/they did. The Achievement in Directing Oscar he was awarded was well deserved. The cast and crew captured this story the best way possible. I loved it. That is all i have to say. I recommend this movie to any and all.

The first 5minutes of this Ang Lee creation are thoroughly absorbing as you are introduced to a sublime immersion in an incredibly well handled 3D film experience. The following 20mins offer an interestingly warm and humorous introduction to the childhood of the main character. However a raging cold tap is soon turned on as we are treated to a clichéd flashback/reminiscence scenario as 'Pi' relates his tale in an unconvincing manner to an unconvincing 'author' on various park benches and other random seated areas. Indeed Ang Lee suddenly and without explanation has them at the park after previously seeing them in an apartment eating lunch which is a very heavy handed and lazy attempt at creating a bit of narrative. That's by the by as the heart of the film is obviously the boat experience. It has it's moments, some are breathtaking but not nearly enough so to make up for a very very slowly progressing story that repeats mundane scenes with little variation and in the end despite the visuals becomes quite tiresome. The problem is it doesn't live up to the promise. Pi says he has a tale that will make you believe in God. He doesn't. He has a lost at see alone tale with and not much else. In fact just as you come to the conclusion (after endless attempts at forgiveness) that this film isn't deep, moving or at all inspired the story is turned on it's head in a confusing and upsetting way. The overall feeling is of betrayal. And the manipulative emotional music slapped over the monologue quickly becomes sickening. You are left with nothing except a desire to walk out of the cinema. No sympathy for anyone, no astonishment, no surprise...well that the film doesn't work on any level is quite surprising. Overall is very little here apart from stunning CGI. There are no revelations about the character, his experience or life in general. If it was made by Disney is would undoubtedly have been a more fulfilling and moving film.

I know I will be among a minority, but so be it, as an avid film fan & cinema goer I was looking forward to this film.When I finally got to see it, what a let down, yes the CGI is amazing, but it is blatantly CGI. yes this film is all about metaphors & meanings, that can be translated into any religion or persons beliefs as I am sure many will, but, it looks what it is, a amazing cartoon with a kid in front of a blue screen! Sadly the script is so heavily laying it on about metaphors any semblance of reality or believability goes out the window in favour of CGI to make it look pretty.Sadly Mr Lee got an Oscar & the people who actually made this film so beautiful went bankrupt.

If I could give "0" stars for this movie, I would. If you think you are going to a movie about a kid who survives a shipwreck and then makes friends with a tiger at sea, you will be very disappointed. If you love animals and it breaks your heart to see them hurt, then you will be sick to your stomach. There is not one single thing regarding the animals in this movie that is good to animals. I was horrified at what happens to animals in this movie. So, if you are not sensitive to the pain of animals, go see it. If you are, then this is your warning.The sad part of this is that the "regular guy" on the street, like me, will go to this movie. I cried through half of the movie because it made me sad. Movie critics go on about how great it is. They must be looking at it through eyes of the process, not the heart.In closing, some of the visual effects are amazing, but for how it made me feel when I left the theater, well,it's the worst movie I've ever seen.

i'm sad to report that i completely missed the point of this movie.it was visually beautiful (although i am sick and tired of 3D movies and CGI and stuff... i need to take a break, seriously...).but the ending... i somehow missed the point. the ending was for me at least, fast paced and clumsy and it didn't give me enough info nor time to understand what director wanted to say, to be honest.so, i left the cinema feeling a bit confused, like i completely skipped or misunderstood movie's point. which made me pretty frustrated. and i'm not trying to say that i'm not smart enough to get this movie :) , no. i'm saying that director did a poor job of wrapping this story up and making it meaningful.visuals great, but spiritual part of a movie's ending wasn't clear to me. at all.

This is one of the most disturbing movies I have ever seen in my life. And put PG rating on it? Want to scar the kids for life? This is disturbing for an adult but bring the kids to see it and advertise it like everybody does and even give an Oscar to it (i do not care about special effects or sound considering the story line and the violence in it). If the movie campaign was sponsored by Psichiatrist association, i get that, they will have so many clients after seeing this one. I would put this movie on the same list as Hard candy, Anatomy of Hell, Irreversible, Old Boy....none of them for kids but all of them for above 18 audience.

This story had all the makings of something great... and it was expertly destroyed.The entire aspect of this being a story told with religious intents should have been removed. The religious messages in the actual story told by Pi are perfectly fine, but the messages the movie itself tries to send with the building and falling action doomed the movie to mediocrity.If you remove the first and last ten minutes or so of the movie, it would have been absolutely epic.The visual effects, the emotional turmoil, the life-in-the-balance struggles, the twists, all were superb... if only it didn't begin and end with whispers and whimpers... You could remove the intro and ending add just a minute to the story and make this an epic tale of survival in the most incredible of circumstances, albeit with a rather fantastically mystical ambiance at times, but the attempts to weakly convey a religious message ruined the entire drama.More telling, perhaps, is that it even failed on delivering on its own religious message. Not so much as causing one to think for a second as to its initial claims... except to wonder when the big moment was to come, only to be greeted with the closing credits.

This isn't to say that I dislike soufflés. I don't. And it's unfair of me really to associate the sublime quality of something so tasty with this mess, but I keep thinking those behind the film must have had soufflé on the mind when they concocted it.Visually 'wow'? - check Full of hot air? - check Style over substance? - checkUnfortunately, while a restaurant doesn't offer a soufflé by claiming it is sirloin steak, the same can't be said of the people behind Life Of Pi (the film. Surely the book can't be this bad).The heart of the problem is that 'our hero' states early on something like 'I will make you believe in God'. What follows is a very drawn out act set on the lifeboat of the poster, with sumptuous visuals, thoughts (shallow, but still thoughts) and zoo animals to endear it to the viewer, followed by a short act in a grey hospital with pestering insurance agents and real life to do the opposite. Had the 2 been in any way balanced, this could have become an interesting story about how religion helped the 'hero' survive his ordeal as he struggled with the elements and himself (the tiger), while letting viewers choose for themselves how they would have survived and whether any religious belief would have helped. But they weren't, and all the tricks of the sugar rich soufflé are bound to win over most viewers and try to convince them they've seen a 'meaningful' film. They haven't.I should add that I saw this in 2D (had the benefit of stopping the sugar overload getting to me). Which means a side point. If you've got ear plugs handy and just want to see visual imagination at work, it might be worthwhile sticking em in and seeing this in 3D. If, on the other hand, you want to see what all the fuss is about and want to make your own mind up, see it in 2D to avoid the 3D sugar coating. Best of all though, spend your money and time on a proper soufflé at a restaurant somewhere.

A silly dumb adventure that sails on sea for most part and left me with seasickness.At the end of the movie, I was hearing claps in the theatre and I was wondering what have they liked so much in the film because I did not like anything. Yes, the visual effects were good, but nowhere near a movie like JURASSIC PARK. Don't even compare with AVATAR please. The plot, oh, where is the plot, a boy gets lost in a sea because of a thunderstorm and he takes a trip with a tiger and for the good part of it, both are struck together in sea. The episode was too long for me and just made me feel like it's giving me seasickness. Now, where did it go wrong? If I may say so, then in the writing itself that does not involve audience much. That is, it did not do anything to me. It neither thrilled me nor moved me nor made me laugh out loud. It went on and on and got me drowsy by the end. The only good thing is special effects that are good, but I am sure many movies in recent past have come with better effects and better ideas. Hailed by many as one of the best films of this year, I would rather say, it's a boring adventure. It is good for the first half hour or even an hour I would say, but after that it goes on and on and the sad part is it has inevitable end. It's not a kind of movie that could have ended anyway, the adventure has to end and the boy has to grow and the big Pi (Irrfan Khan) is going to tell this to his friend. Hey, now there is a twist, he tells this adventure and he tells a believable story while normal people stick to his believable story, his writer friend likes the adventure. So I as audience, had to give in to something and I was rather interested in the story he told than this adventure. The best moments are done in the first half an hour itself with Pi and his family in Pondicherry, once he gets on a ship, and gets lost, it stays for sometime, but man, those jelly fish, those whales, even that royal Bengal tiger that was made in CGI did not help me liking it. So I disliked it to the core. Once, he said Richard Parker (Tiger) was gone at the end, I fell into sleep, I just couldn't take that. Damn, we had been there at the very night of a day (Night 11 PM show) and with all the pains taken, we see an adventure end just like that. It meant nothing for me, and I am going with a 1/5. This 1 rating is for the special effects and the gorgeous titles that were good but not great. Ang Lee, you squeezed me in to this film and you gave me a bad film so this is what I give you back, a negative review. I suppose I among the very few who are going to criticize this movie as most others are going gaga over this. It's okay; I have my own mind anyways.

Nice visual effects, but sorry, the movie was boring. There were so many elements introduced that could have played out as being relevant to the story, but in the end didn't connect together at all. We learn how Pi got his name. That is amusing, but so what? He could have been named Paul or Peter. Being named Pi had nothing to do with the story, and so was a waste of screen time. Similarly, other elements introduced early on carried no meaning in the story. The book was the same way. It's like the author "felt" there had to be some meaning there, and so he threw a spaghetti mess of ideas on the wall, hoping some strands would stick. Shoddy story telling. I will say the visual effects were nice. But... visual effects these days do not a movie make. Very disappointing effort over all.

The dialogue throughout Life of Pi essentially hits you over the head with its purpose from the start: I'm going to make you believe in God. The story does nothing of the sort, and its shallow and irrational protagonist was fairly annoying.Life of Pi reinforces a pattern set by other western movies supposedly about Indians, promoting a hokey 'spiritualism' with patronizingly simpleminded characters and bright colors.Pi's conversion to essentially all the major religions in India shows from the beginning that this movie is going to advocate a shallow and ambiguous spiritualism, and ask you to follow a painfully irrational character's actions. Pi is highly emotional and overacted throughout. Perhaps if there was a God to save Pi and help him survive, He wouldn't have caused the shipwreck and death of his entire family in the first place. But it quickly became clear that this was going to be thoughtless entertainment designed to reinforce the beliefs of believers. Bright colors, vivid CGI, and hokey music replaced a substantive plot and message. Instead we are unsubtly told to embrace blind faith, and look at pretty colors while we're at it.

Am I the only one who found most of this film boring? At the beginning it seemed like it would be a good, funny film. It seemed stupid but a bit funny at the start. Irrfan Khan is a good actor and I have seen him in other films. He was particularly good in Billu Barber. He was okay in this film too but obviously did not get much screen time. There was quite an emphasis on religion and God at the beginning which seemed lost to me later in the film. I thought there would be some big connection at least at the end of the film that would explain the whole thing properly but the beginning seemed pointless compared to the ending. The film seemed realistic in an unrealistic way, if that makes sense. The scenes were beautiful, of course. My favourite scene was of the whale that splashed out of the water near Pi's boat. I found myself in reverie (personal thoughts) in a couple of places through the film. To me, the film was boring. The connection between Pi and the tiger. His attempts to survive. Oh wait.. I also liked the island scene with the meerkats. Maybe that's because I like meerkats anyway but I thought the idea was pretty interesting. An island that no one else has really seen. It makes you think. Other than that.. eh, I felt a lot of the people in the cinema were also disappointed. I may be wrong.. judging by the comments on here. I just felt that they could have made a better survival story out of this. The whole thing with the animals seemed stupid. I can't remember many of the points I had in mind about the film because I watched it around 2/3 weeks ago. I thought it was a waste of time but maybe I should have read the book first. It would have probably been a good read. I'm not sure what to rate it? Lower maybe. I'll leave it at 4/10.

Life of Pi will undoubtedly receive much attention this award season, and it will appear on many top 10 lists. Some aspects of the movie are deserving of praise, other are not. The visuals in Life of Pi are consistently astounding, both from a technical and artistic level. Ang Lee and his crew do wonders with color, getting a lot of mileage out of the contrast between the white lifeboat against a crystalline blue ocean and the bright orange Bengal tiger. Whether viewed in 2D or 3D, Life of Pi absolutely pops off the screen. There are several scenes that show a level of majestic beauty that most that have to be seen to be believed. The cinematography is also creative, and it has to be. Much of the film takes place on a small lifeboat and Pi's makeshift raft, but this section rarely drags thanks to creative camera-work. The CGI is equally impressive. The shipwreck sequence may be the most stunning scene in any movie from 2012, and the computer generated animals are very convincing. Unfortunately, the movie falters in its storytelling. The first problem is in the employment of a frame narrative, which is truly bizarre and unnecessary. The story is told in flashbacks as an adult Pi tells a writer his story, from his childhood to his experience stranded in the ocean. The way the story is told removes any tension from the plot, for the viewer already knows Pi survives and ends up living a normal life. More importantly, the scenes with Pi and the writer are incredibly dull and feel removed from the proper narrative thrust. Life of Pi would work much better as a straight narrative. It would be tighter -- about fifteen minutes could be removed, and the movie would lose nothing -- and Pi's story would feel more immediate and suspenseful.This film also suffers from some pacing issues. The first act details Pi's childhood, and I did find this segment quite enjoyable. It served as a fine introduction to the main character and the film's visual style. Then we get to the incredible shipwreck segment and the story truly gets underway. All of the advertising will lead you to believe that Pi's time on the lifeboat is shared solely with the tiger, but before that Pi contends with a zebra, hyena, and an orangutan. This portion is rushed and we do not get to spend enough time with these animals before the tiger comes in. This is particularly problematic when the ending unfolds, for these animals serve an important purpose, but they feel ancillary instead of essential. Speaking of the ending, Life of Pi's biggest issue lies in the final ten minutes, which are so catastrophically bad that the movie is rendered almost completely redundant. I did check that this review contains spoilers, but I won't go into details about the ending, so nobody accidentally stumbles upon them. I understand the movie is based on a book and the filmmakers wanted to follow the events therein. I have not read the novel, and I don't know how the author handled the "twist," but the film completely botches it. Almost everything that precedes the ending is retroactively ruined and made less significant, all in the favor of serving some thematic purpose. Life of Pi is not nearly as profound as it thinks it is. The message is poorly handled; for a movie that is so visually stunning, the storytelling is obsessed with telling the audience the message, symbolism, allegory, and themes. I left the movie insulted by the filmmakers, who think their audience would be too daft to understand their movie, so in the last ten minutes they drive home their point with the subtlety of a sledgehammer.

This is Another one of my TOP FILM'S I LOVE. For a few REASONS.
#1 I am a Little Upset with HOLLYWOOD of Course. But I am NOT SURPRISED BYE THOSE CLOWNS. SURAJ SHARMA should of got an OSCAR. What a GREAT PERFORMANCE on that LITTLE BOUT with that TIGGER. MAN JUST BYE HIS TEARS, HIS FEARS, HIS STARVING, IT LOOKED LIKE HE WAS OUT THERE FOR MONTHS. 
#2 When that YOUNG MAN during that storm he seen the LORD. AND SEEN BEAUTIFUL LORD PROTECTING HIM IN A WAY.
#3 What did the TIGGER do he RAN IN FEAR WHY?????????
(PEOPLE ALWAYS ASKED ME THIS BYE SAYING)
Oh Wheeler it's a Tigger it's NOT SCARED of NOTHING. I ALWAYS SADED "OH YA WHAT ABOUT THE LORD, GOD, JESUS"
That TIGGER will Run in FEAR WHY????
Because it's NOT THE BULLY ANYMORE.
THEN MY FRIEND SAID OK WHEELER. WHAT ABOUT THE KID. THAT IS SCARED OF THE TIGGER???
I Simply SAID HE NEVER RAN FROM THE LORD LOL.
THAT'S WHAT I LOVED ABOUT THE FILM AS WELL.
It also had that Tigger on that LITTLE BOUT WITH THAT BOY. KEEPING HIM FIGHTING AND STAYING STRONG.
THEN AT THE END ON THE ISLAND IT RUNS OFF. HE NEVER SEES IT AGAIN. AND THE BOY GETS RESCUED??????
THAT KEPT ME WONDERING WAS IT PUT THERE TO KEEP HIM STRONG????
But GOD LET HIM Know he is Still BOSS just BYE the Lights. And the Storm will make that TIGGER LOOK LIKE A BABY KITTEN. THEN THAT YOUNG MAN CAN HELP THAT TIGGER OUT AS WELL.
TWO THUMBS UP FOR THIS FILM.

Showered with praise upon its initial release mainly for its supposedly ground-breaking visual effects, this ambiguously fantastical survival story falls fairly flat thanks to the fact that, for much of its run-time, it's actually pretty boring and all the spectacular special effects in the world aren't enough to save a piece from sinking if it has the weight of tedium tied around its ankle. Even then, the effects in 'Life Of Pi (2012)' aren't all that impressive and haven't held up nearly as well as many pictures of a similar age (not that old at all I'll add) or even older, as well as including a few odd design decisions, such as evolving aspect ratios, that seem sort of justifiable but ultimately distracting. Its somewhat confusing commentary on spiritualism and the nature of truth is actually a nice conceit, but isn't fully formed enough to warrant its rampant lack of conclusiveness or make up for its inherent failings to tell a griping tale. 5/10

It could have been an enjoyable movie, but it left a terrible taste in my mouth. From the beginning the movie seems to be pandering to some wishy- washy conventional "respect-all-religions" message, but it's only a front. By the end it becomes clear that the message of this movie is something even more insidious: that life is cold and cruel and meaningless, and humans just like to make up pretty stories to placate ourselves. The movie would have been fine if they had just told the story without pushing the theme so ham-handedly. The story is touching, the imagery beautiful and masterfully done, it has scenes you'll never forget. But then at the end the movie cuts off it's own legs with its cynical theme.

First off I have never read the book. If a film is going to work it has to function by itself, that is why the Lord of the Rings movies work and the Harry Potter ones don't (not that i've read either of those franchises either). To understand a film's basic plot it should not be necessary for me to go and do some wider reading afterwards. If it's required then the director simply did a bad job at telling the story. I say this not to claim that Life of Pi does not work as a narrative, but only to point out that my interpretation of that narrative will be based on the film alone and not on what I think the original author was trying to say.When Life of Pi was released it was heralded as a ground breaking visual effects movie which would change the way we looked at 3D for years to come. Of course they said the same about Smurfahontis (Avatar) a few years back, and that actually changed little once everyone realised it was a silly story wrapped up in some fancy CGI (sad to think that James Cameron hasn't made a movie I've enjoyed since True Lies in 1994).For me the same could be said for Life of Pi. While the visuals are impressive, I can't help but conclude that they are little more than window dressing which mask a story which failed to engage me. Nevertheless I can still appreciate the work which went into it and the resultant aesthetic.There are several reasons why it failed to engage me. As a survival story it has no tension given that it's told through flashbacks, so we know Pi made it out alive. No doubt many would claim that i've missed the point by saying this, that rather than a survival story Life of Pi is actually a deeply spiritual movie about the nature of being, memory and God, rather than simply one about someone trying to survive a shipwreck with a tiger.But while I appreciate that the film may be attempting to address these issues I found the way it did so utterly superficial and uninteresting. Pi begins his tail by setting out the claim that his story will make an author believe in God. How continues to be a mystery for me as even if you accept his initial telling as reality, I failed to see anything remotely divine in its contents. To me there was simply nothing there which needed a God to explain its existence (well except all the continuity errors).However, the film's final scenes perhaps get to the root of this question better than anything before it, and are perhaps the trump card the movie decides to play. In simple terms it decides to acknowledge all of its own flaws by offering the viewer an alternative version of everything we have seen and highlighting the fact that there is no evidence to suggest that the other version of the story is any more valid that the one we have seen. Further to this it then implies that the decision we make as to which story we choose to believe answers the question of whether we make the choice to believe in God, given the lack of proof on either side.Now at best this is an extremely flimsy philosophical argument. Presenting the viewer with two options (a seen but implausible one, and an unseen but more plausible one) and then suggesting that their choice is symptomatic of how they interpret their own wider reality is deeply questionable if not dishonest.But perhaps I am just disappointed that I didn't get to see a film about the human drama of four starving shipwreck survivors drifting across the Pacific Ocean. However, while that may sound a lot less impressive visually than what Life of Pi delivers, it is nonetheless what the film's own logic claims to be if you remove all of its CGI trickery. So maybe it was just window dressing after all?

The story had an impact that is new to younger generations that make them understand its not how you show the content its how you tell it. Kept me full of emotion, even the third time watching it. Has been put on my top 5 movies of all times. The new and improved Jungle book. Could have been shorter but didn't take away from the movie at all. Felt the connection with the relationship between Pi and the tiger. Felt the family connection between Pi and his family. The Life of Pi was more than interesting it was astonishing enough to make the movie cast away seem like a false story. Can't wait to see what is next on the list for the Director and his leading cast. The colors were vibrant and rich. Followed the tiger them throughout the whole movie.

Life of PiThis is the story about a boy who lives in zoo. He is genius about mathematics. One day, his family moves to new living with their animals. However the terrible sea accident happens. It is misfortune, a boy, a monkey, a zebra and a tiger.I think this movie is so beautiful. The pictures are really beautiful. The animals are looks like real and sight view is also beautiful. My opinion that it the most beautiful scene is whole dive into the sea. That scene is shining. I want to watch this movie again. It is because it is little difficult story for me. It may be there is the deep message in this movie. It is for example, religion. Of course watch it once is so exciting but, I want to find this deep message or important things.I recommend you this movie. Please watch it. You will be surprised of beautiful view.

I had wanted to watch this film since before because the subtitle was interesting for me. The leading character is a boy, Pi. He holds strong faith and he wants to be friend of a Lion, Richard Parker. However, his father does not admit his thought and he teaches that human and tiger cannot become friends each other. One day, his family have an accident while they sail. Only he survives with Richard Parker. The graphics in this film is beautiful very much. I was overwhelmed by the scene of a whale and island. This story was different with my expectation, therefore, the development was surprising for me. I felt that I wanted to know how did Richard Parker think to Pi. I want everyone to watch this film. Some people write say that the original writes scene which the movie does not write. Therefore I should also read the original.

After reading the book, I wasn't sure what to expect from the movie, but had high hopes. And I wasn't disappointed. Ang Lee was able to capture every emotion, every important detail and spin a very compelling tale, while leaving out a couple of details from the book that, in my opinion, needed to be left out. The flashbacks between present day and past were perfectly timed, and the actors playing Pi were flawless. And a big thumbs up to the animal trainers! The tiger displayed just the right amount of ferocity balanced with compassion and a recognition of the precarious situation he was in . And the visual effects.....simply amazing! In most cases, I (as most others do) find movies based on books to be sorely lacking. This was not the case here. The entire team did a superb job in bringing this excellent book to life.

Written by Yann Martel, Life of Pi was one of those novels that most filmmakers thought was un-filmable. The reasons why are because 'Life of Pi' deals with the main character grew up trying to find the ultimate truth of life by questioning different religions and aspires to find that ultimate truth one day. Life of Pi is about seeing the world through Pi's eyes. This is precisely why it's strongly called an un-filmable book because it's almost impossible to visualize on screen the combined feeling of every sight of the amazing spectacles that the ocean can show an young adult like Pi and how they take him closer to the answers for his questions. But, Directed Ang Lee succeeded in making this movie amazing. This movie visuals are amazing. Epic cinematography by Claudio Miranda. Ang Lee was able to make the near lifeless seem boring Pacific Ocean into a wondering trip into self-discovery and survivable. The 3D actually work, and wasn't cheesy at all. I love the soundtrack by Mychael Danna, it was beautiful to listen with the film. Life of Pi just had such a rich story. On the outside, it's basic. A castaway, kind of film. But Ang brings brilliant timing to the film which makes it emotional and strong. It's confusing at times and sometimes feels slow, but you forget about that because the movie is something that has good meaning, one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. Life of Pi is very faithful to the book, I'd suggest reading first, but anyways most of the film is about a young man name Piscine 'Pi' Patel who father own a zoo. Suraj Sharma plays Pi in his film debut and what a debut, he was great in the film. The scene where he kill the fish was emotional. Anyways, Pi and his family decide to travel to Canada for a better life, and hopefully make money selling the zoo animals. Too bad, nobody makes it beside Pi who survives a disaster at sea when his ship sank leaving him in a lifeboat with four animals on board. There is a spotted hyena, an injured Grant's zebra, and an orangutan named Orange Juice. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger name Richard Parker. Unlike, other human & animal relationship movies, that has the character befriend a wild animal to the point, it seem like it's a pet. This movie doesn't do that; at all. Most of the movie has Richard Parker wanting to eat the Indian boy. It wasn't until Pi establish himself as the alpha male that Richard Parker became less of a danger to him. I have to say the CGI tiger was the most realistic computer animal, I have ever saw. Good job! Still, Pi and Richard Parker must now learn to survive this harsh new world. For a PG film, it pretty dark with themes of cannibalism. Research Richard Parker and shipwrecks online. Some critics says it has warning about the dangers of increased anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions and ocean acidification, but I really don't see that in this film. I do like the Gaia hypothesis that some critics point out. I can see it. Without spoiling too much of the film, I have to say that the movie is really good. Still, it took a while for the film to get to the sinking scene with all the attempts at spirituality. While, I did love the scenes explaining who Pi is like the whole French swimming pool story, and Pi looking for religion and love. I just wish it didn't take so long to explain because I think the best part of the movie are the relationship with him and the tiger. I do love the idea that most of the narration coming from middle age Pi Patel (Irrfan Khan) telling his story to the novelist Yann Martel (Rafe Spall). Irrfan Khan gives one of his best acting here. I love the scene, where he explains what happen to Richard Parker. I was deeply surprised he wasn't nominated for an Academy Award for this role. I do hate the fact that Yann Martel plagiarism the idea from Brazilian writer and physician Moacyr Scliar 1981's novel 'Max and the Cats'. Still, I think Life of Pi is a little bit better than 'Max and the Cats'. I have readt both in doing my research for the film. I just glad the director cut the state of delirium scene from the book. The twist in the end was so moving and truthful. It marked how humans are in fact like animals and also gave an alternative to the basic perception of life; do you chose to view life through science and reason, or religion. The movie is deeply religionists, but it didn't bug me like other critics. I love the symbolism of the island of algae. It represents the atheist mindset that we eat till death and we get consumed by the world itself in the end and nothing matters, a bleek future. I myself, as an agnostic, I understand the brute cruelty meaningless of this world. Raw matter organized itself with an organic backbone and over the course of billions of years of improvement, it emerged to artificially build a society upon all that nothingness. I agree, it's best to remain agnostic because you have no concrete answers about the universe. Atheism is a form of concluding one's mind, not a fan. Overall: The thing I like about this movie is that whichever story you believe, your right and both a physically possible whether you believe the literal or metaphorical meaning it is both equally plausible.

LIFE OF PI is quite simply a visual feast of spectacle. From the Indian locations of Pondicherry in the past, to the sequences taking place at sea, a quite wonderful evocation of an uninhabited island where the plants are predatory, to the final sequence taking place in sunlit suburbia in Canada, the film is full of memorable images. The moments involving the animals - especially Richard Parker the tiger - are equally memorable; if they have been created using CGI, they certainly did not seem so. Director Ang Lee has a wonderful way of suggesting the animal's predatory nature, yet at the same time its straightforwardness (unlike the human characters). At the same time, I have to admit that the plot of LIFE OF PI is slight, to say the least: one can understand the central character's desire to discover himself and his relationship to God, but the progress of moving towards self-awareness is sometimes a slow one. The film drags on occasions; one wishes that more character- conflict had been introduced, especially involving Gérard Depardieu, who has a memorable cameo as an obstreperous ship's cook.

I did not have huge expectations on this movie since it is not exactly my style of movie but nevertheless I have to say that I was disappointed. The movie is certainly quite beautiful to watch, at least part of it. However it is also a movie with a strong theistic agenda. Even though it is, luckily, not really religious/political extremism it is thick and intruding nonetheless. I was expecting Pi to actually learn something during the course of his adventure but he does not. He starts the movie gullible and foolish looking for meaning in life (religion) and the movie ends pretty much in the same way with him claiming that he had faith and therefore he survived. Yet none of the decisions he made was based on faith but simply pragmatical decisions of survival. If anything the movie proved that faith or religion had nothing to do with it.As I said the movie was, partly, quite beautiful to watch and this is entirely what rendered it the stars that I gave it. For the rest it was a very boring movie. The only mildly entertaining part was the scenes on the boat with Gérard Depardieu playing the very unpleasant cook. As beautiful to watch as they were many of the scenes were quite unrealistic though and had an artificial look to them even when, I believe, it was not intended. We bought the movie because my youngest daughter loves movies about animals but not even she was overly entertained by this movie.

I thought the storytelling and narrative were great. I loved how things were told in the past tense. The acting was also great.One part, obviously, which stood out completely was the CG effects. This movie was beautiful, and everything looked incredible. The waves, the water, the colors, the animals, the scenes, looked stunning.Despite these great parts, the movie fell short of the great potential it could have had. Though touting that the movie would make you believe in god, I found nothing in it doing so. While he did touch upon the idea of "choosing what we want to believe", I feel the idea was undeveloped. He could have developed a strong overarching universal message about life or choice, but he failed to pull through. The movie definitely set the stage and enabled him to do so if he really tried. Despite this, there really was no clear universal or moral message - it was way too ambiguous. For this reason, while this movie was good, it could have been even greater.

I Was in two minds about "Life of Pi," but hearing its high praise from others made me curious enough too see it.I Can still see it as something people will either take or leave though. Its about an Indian boy who gets trapped on a boat with a tiger, so seems like a random idea to begin with. Or is it an original idea? Either way, its both so visually amazing, and beatifically weird, how the film makes a full length feature out off such a bizarre subject, that its hard to ignore. Making me understand where its Oscar nods are coming from.It does get a bit too weird later on though, and despite having some laughs, it can hardly be described as a comedy. In fact its hard to figure out what "Life of PI" wants to be, but maybe that's part off what makes it so new and unique. Its special effects are what got it noticed, and they are very good, even though that damn tiger does seem to change size throughout the movie. Something the animators still seem too have trouble getting right, even these days.

I agree with you that this movie did leave you off with an impression. The movie easily understood as you say. There was not one moment in the movie that I found confusing. It was a smooth moving movie that didn't leave you in questions. I found the location of India beautiful as well. You don't really see much of that in Florida. I would like to visit India one day to explore all those beautiful places. I didn't get to see it in 3D sadly. I had to watch it online but it was still a great movie. I would also like to watch the shows to keep in contact with the story line. I hope they will keep the show as interesting as the movie was.

When the Narrator of the story is in the title, you can be sure the Narrator will not die. Pi (Suraj Sharma) is the Narrator. He and his family are on their way to Canada to sell their family zoo. A storm comes up and wrecks the ship and the only survivors are: Pi, a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena and a Bengal Tiger (so named Richard Parker due to a cargo manifest order mix-up when the family bought him). Peter Parker was already taken. HA! After the Tiger eats the other animals, Pi decides he needs to teach the Tiger to fish or he will be eaten too. Wait, that's not right. What to do? What to do? Well, there is only one solution left and Pi hopes Richard Parker has enough intelligence to catch on. Now, getting the heavy stuff out of the way, there are 2-stories in here and which will you believe? The mystical one: a tiger and boy on a life boat; or a more believable one where Pi's mother, a seaman, and cook are in the life boat with Pi? Much of this has to do with a belief in God or having faith as the adult Pi (Irrfan Khan) unfolds the story to a writer who was told he would believe in God when he heard Pi's story. Okay, good choice. You selected the boy and the tiger. Once they are in the boat together, there is nothing but tension, wariness, anger, fear and really too much suspense. But this never drags. It is like you are Pi and watching out for the tiger every minute of the day and night; and you don't dare rest – and even though we are watching from a comfortable couch, we cannot rest either. We are riveted as is Pi. Yes, there is much CGI in here but everything is so well done, we are still afraid to sleep. We see Pi put together a make-shift raft away from the boat attached with a tether. Now Pi is able to get some restand we try too. We see storms with very high waves, lightning, sharks, whales, flying fish come upon Pi and the tiger and even though Pi, as a very young boy, experimented with Catholicism (even asked to be baptized), and Islam it was the Hindu god Vishnu who he thanked for saving them time and time again. Hey, you go with what you know.The cinematography and photography are simply outstanding. Did you go with what you know when you selected your choice as I asked above? Do you know why the Tiger didn't look back at Pi when they landed on the sand? When you know the answer to that, you then know which story was the true one. (9/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: No. Nudity: No. Language: No.

So, a young man, Pi, en route to Canada with his family and the remains of the zoo they have left behind in India, is shipwrecked along with a Bengal tiger. The focus of the movie is on Pi's manner of survival and his relationships with the vastness of the ocean and 'Richard Parker' - the tiger!This is a beautiful film - but in much the same way that an Attenborough documentary is beautiful. There are one or two spectacular effects which justify the use of 3D. But I'm not a fan of 3D and rather than increasing the feeling of involvement, I find it has a distancing effect, particularly when watching ordinary scenes of conversation between Pi and the writer, or Pi's family round the dinner table. The added perspectives seem artificial. Add to that the fact that you know from the beginning that he is rescued and the dramatic potential of the story was, for me, diminished. Whilst this meant that you could concentrate on his relationship with the tiger without distraction, it left me by the end wondering whether what I'd been watching had much meaning. The 'twist' in the tale seemed rather an afterthought, as did the notion that the whole movie had been some kind of allegory. Pi's question to the writer at the end - "Which story do you prefer?" - seemed to carry insufficient weight for it to be the heart of the film. Although I enjoyed it, I nevertheless felt somewhat underwhelmed by it.

Saw this movie a couple of days ago, thought I would give it time to sink in. I was expecting a little more from this movie. I thought it fell a little short of what it was being portrayed as, but alas that's not the filmmakers fault.First things first. The story was the strongest part of this film. Yes the movie had impressive visuals but it was the story that really pushed the film through. The ending(I wont give it away) was both confusing and satisfying. Leaving the viewer to make the decision of what they believe or not. Very Nolan like. The acting was impressive and the writing, directing were above par.Now onto the visuals. Here is my problem with films like this. It's almost too much visual eye candy. At times I felt the visuals got in the way of the story. They felt a little forced in my opinion. The 3D was sub-par(could have been the theater) but the film looked too dark. At times I found some shots to be lacking, after seeing amazing visuals the not so great shots looked even worse. I myself am not a big visual effects fan but the Animals were truly amazing and life like. I know this film will get all kinds of attention for it's cinematography but honestly I think the VFX shine a lot more and really aide the cinematography along. All in all not it was a pretty great movie but not as great as it could have been.

LIFE OF PI - Directed by Ang Lee - 7/10This movie adaptation of the book gives an amazing visual treat. I preferred to watch it in 3D and I would recommend the same to everyone.Life of Pi is one of the movies that shows more promise than the book. Though the book gives exquisite details, the movie gives a more visual experience of those details.The direction is top notch. You can't expect any less from an Oscar winning director. Steady hands. Perfect angles. And the close up shots of our only Richard Parker, the Bengal tiger. You surely wouldn't want to miss that. Cinematography is perfect.Suraj Sharma as Pi Patel is a suitable find for the character. He surely can act. Perfect kick-start for his career. His rendezvous with Richard Parker and the chemistry between them is the factor that holds you to the movie.Irrfan Khan has a brief and supporting role. He couldn't have done any better that this.The background score is scene-oriented. Though the ambient sounds are incredible. Every detail of the sound has been looked out for.In the end, a satisfying experience of picture and sound. Its a story of belief. Its a story of faith.If you have read the book, don't miss out the movie. If you haven't, and the movie trailer interests you, then go for it.Go splash in the Pacific for an amazing adventure.

As someone who had not read the Life of Pi book, I really did not have any knowledge of this story or what to expect other than what I had seen in the trailer. It seemed like it would be an interesting enough tale and I was curious about what had transpired to bring a young man and a Bengal tiger together in a life boat. This was a spiritual journey that I was so thrilled to have experienced on the big screen. The entire story was filled with opposing ideologies beginning with Pi's discovery of religion. It was interesting that he was able to take a rational look at various religions and apply the teachings to his life that were beneficial, even life saving. The Life of Pi was profoundly engaging, I knew that Pi (Suraj Sharma) would survive the lost at sea ordeal, but none of the intensity of the story was diminished as a result of knowing the outcome. The imagery in this film was spectacular, from the opening scene credits I knew that I was in for a treat when a hummingbird was just inches from my face and literally within my reach. The scenes in which the ocean and the star filled sky seemed to merge into one were breathtaking. I made it a point to view this film in 3-D and it was worth every penny of the premium uplift, and we all know that not all 3-D films are. I'm not sure why anyone would mention Avatar and this film in the same context, although I just did because of the reference in the trailer, but other than the luminescent sea life, the two films have so little in common that it's like someone was reaching to describe the feeling that this story evokes. I love stories that showcase triumph of the human spirit as was the case with this one, but best of all you leave the theater feeling good about life in general, not guilty that your life has been average and happy, not shadowed by some tragedy that makes you evolve into a different person. The two stories told in this film that detailed what happened to Pi (Irrfan Khan) were opposites, I too preferred the one that featured Richard Parker. I was not a fan of the Cowboy story directed by Ang Lee, but am truly enamored by this Indian story, cowboys and Indians still dealing with opposites. This was a good story and I give it a green light.

Ang Lee directed this gorgeous film, and as soon as I discovered he was making this film I knew this was going to be a winner. Lee has always been able to make emotional and innocent films; for example films like Brokeback Mountain and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon have been a huge influence in cinema and have shown me what a great director he is.

This movie is awfully pretentious. Besides visuals doesn't offer much more. This movie tried too hard in my opinion and makes it cringey. I won't ever watch it again unless I'm out numbered at a party.

Beautifully made movie about the complex relationship between Good and Evil, Man and God. The only negative is that the movie is so visually stunning that it may lead the viewer to appreciate it only on the physical concrete plane.The real point to the movie is to show us that the tiger is not in the boat trying to kill the boy, rather that there is a metaphorical tiger living in each of us, and it is through the mythology of religions that each of us may discover for ourselves how we deal with our own tiger.In this way, I think that the medium of film cannot match the impact of the written text for a film of such metaphoric import. It is through the imagery created in each individual's mind through the living life experiences of each person reading the passages of the book that give it deeper personal meaning and sense to the metaphor. This movie, as every movie, must impart the visions and experiences of essentially one person, the director. But it is such a beautiful vision after all.

The effects, the plot, the acting, the drama, the humor, "the everything" is perfect. To put this book on the big screen is a difficult task but Ang Lee tried and he succeeded. I recommend this movie to everyone

I was a fan of Yann Martel's novel for a long time before I watched this movie, addicted to the detailed descriptions of Pi's day-to-day life and the use of dry humor. After I had seen this movie, it became clear to me that not since the Lord of the Rings has there been a better translation from book to screen. This is a fabulous experience and a feast for the eyes.Acting:
Suraj Sharma as Pi is an amazing young actor. This was his first major role and he absolutely crushed every scene he was in, with his expressive eyes and face and intense line delivery. His character is fascinating yet simple, and it becomes very easy to root for the "skinny vegetarian boy". The fact that he carries most of the film on his own shoulders is a major achievement.Irrfan Khan as adult Pi Patel is also a great choice. When this man tells his tale, you feel the weight of all these experiences radiating off of him, and he even exerts a surprisingly high amount of genuine emotion by the end of it.Tabu and Adil Hussain as Pi's parents are great, given the modest amount of screentime they get, and give strong natural performances.Rafe Spall as Yann Martel is allright, and it is visible that he is trying hard to be just as natural and realistic as his fellow castmembers. He mostly succeeds, and is likable enough not to be annoying.Direction:
Ang Lee was the perfect choice for this kind of story: he knew how to present the culture appropiately, has a keen eye for good visuals, and brought a sensitive and magnetic feeling to the whole thing. Thanks to his expertise, the story becomes absolutely gripping on both land and sea.Cinematography:
The digital imagery with the life-boat scenes and on the ocean are mesmerizing, not just because of CGI, but because how it is presented to us. Claudio Miranda made the journey as immersive as possible with his choiches for certain shots and made something absolutely beautiful. On land, most shots do a good job establishing the mindset and tone of the scene, but are very interesting in terms of lighting or movement, which feels like a bit of a missed opportunity.Plot:
Even though a lot is cut from Martel's novel(particulary the first act), the story still feels very familiar from what you already know and some added things actually are very nice. It is not until the actual disaster that strikes Pi's life that the movie truly becomes engaging. The long journey passes effortlessly and is sometimes nail-bitingly intense or fills you with awe. The core message is translated perfectly and at the end you feel just as Yann Martel intended you to feel.Music:
Mychael Danna delivered a beautiful score, mixing epic orchestral and soothing tunes with wonderful traditional Indian music. At certain scenes you just FEEL the music and the evoked emotion washing over you like the ocean waves.Production Design:
The town of Pondicherry in the 20th century feels every bit like the mix of French and Indian that it is, without seemingly much effort. Just like CGI, that is the sign of good production design. The Tsimtsum and the lifeboat feel like right out of the novel, and the "island" as well. It is in departments like these that Martel's vision is truly brought to life.Costumes and Make-up:
As Pi travels further, it affects his clothing and physical look. By the end of it, he is so ragged and changed that you truly believe he has been out there for a very long time. It is subtle but very effective work, just as the costumes for the people of India, blending traditional sweeping dresses with simple shorts and dark shirts.VFX:
The absolute best thing about this movie. We of course start with the tiger. That thing is real. No question. Not Gollum, Ceasar, Joi or Thanos has even come close to how real that beast looks. It is an absolute triumph of CGI that will likely never be topped. Every growl, movement, facial gesture feels natural and like the real predator. The ocean is less convincing, but it isn't really trying to be. It feels like this endless giant swell of water that you just float on for end, looking harsh and unforgiving or gentle and beautiful. It is a character by itself, and wonderfully made. The other animals like the mercats, orang-utan and hyena are equally impressive, and only a very perceptive eye could see that none of it is real.Editing:
The "fading" cuts as we go through several events in Pi's life help support the illusions of a tale being told, and keep us engaged for most of the runtime. Intensity is however a bit lacking in the first act, and sharper cuts could have been made more to give some more energy to Pi's youth.
Tone:
This movie really feels like a "story". not a screenplay, but a TALE. We view the world partially through PI's imaginative eyes, and truly get a sense of wonder, grandeur and fear at the right moments. It is amazingly well done.Overall Concensus:
A gorgeous looking, well directed and acted movie, with incredible effects and a near-perfect translation from book to screen. 8.6/10

Personally it is my favorite movie, it changed the way I think about God and how I learned to appreciate the gift of life

Being an acting newcomer he didn't compel me so much but the story was otherwise as compelling as the book with some stunning visuals best seen on the big screen

One of the great cinematic experiences in modern film. Ang Lee's direction is impeccable and it's a visual feast. Love this movie! 😂

Not as good as the book but the movie is visually stunning. The acting was well done. The soundtrack was memorable - nice to watch on the big screen

Life of Pi is richly deserving. Striking visually, the film captures a color palette awash in magical, hyper-real tones. Performances are soulful, lively, and inspiring. The film's digitally produced menagerie is exquisitely rendered. The themes of faith, friendship, and survival are poignant. Life of Pi is one of cinema's greatest achievements.

This is an amazingly strange movie. A few if the fawning reviewers make some fair points. Yet se real of the less than glowing reviews also contain some good points. There really been plenty sud about it. I'll just add that I did enjoy it even if some aspects were irritating. View it as a fantasy and try to ignore the poor imitations of philosophy and religious belief.

I've watched this movie twice, and I understood it both times differently. This story touches various themes, and I think that after each viewing you focus on one thing. Thus, I think that it is about survival, faith, and friendship. All these aspects are shown with the help of the main character, who had gone through all these difficulties. In particular, in this movie, we see a strong character, who managed to survive the hardships, suffering, pain, and loss in the Pacific Ocean. During the whole this period we learn a lot of lessons, which are crucial for our knowledge. One of them is that we should always have faith, even when we are in a hopeless situation. We see how Pi believed that God had been protecting him during the whole time and we really see that God didn't forget him and he managed to survive there. Moreover, we see that his character also played a big role in his survival. Pi didn't give up hope, and he kept moving. This factor shows that it is essential not to give up on your dreams and give up on life. In addition, I want to say that I liked the part when this movie showed that the world believes someone for what they want to hear, not for reality. This is, unfortunately, a real truth.

It's like falling in love. You must experience watching this before you die. There's a reason for all those Oscars this movie racked up. Go see it for yourself. Also try to pick up a Blu-ray instead of a digital release.Oh and if you're one of those tech heads, make sure to watch it in 1080p or up with HDR on an OLED display for maximum wow. Trust me on this one.

Ang Lee's incredible tale of Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma), a teenage Indian boy who survives a ship sinking that kills everyone on board except for himself and a tiger. Soon the two are on board a lifeboat not knowing what their future holds. I couldn't believe anyone would try and make a movie about a boy, a tiger and a lifeboat but the joke is on me because Lee has created one of the more memorable, magical and uplifting films of the year. I was really shocked to see how tremendous the picture was but what makes it so special would have me giving away countless spoilers, which is something I'm certainly not going to do. I think it would be best for viewers to go into the picture knowing as little as possible but I can say that Lee has created one of the most beautiful pictures you're likely to see. The beautiful images are just so remarkable to look at that it's impossible not to get caught up in the scenery. Be it the early stuff in India or the breathtaking moments at sea, everything in this picture just lights up the screen. I'm really not a fan of CGI unless it's used properly. Too many times I think it's just used to be lazy and save money but that's not the case here as Lee perfectly mixes in the CGI with the live action stuff. The two coming together are practically flawless and that certainly helps bring one closer to the story and characters. Sharma does a terrific job and especially when you consider he'd never acted before and was basically having to carry the entire film. I was a little mixed on the 3D effects. While some where brilliant, for the most part I think the film would be viewed just fine in 2D as it would give one better colors. Still, no matter which version you see, the heart of the picture is in its soul, its character and the lessons he learns while being stuck out at sea for over two hundred days. LIFE OF PI is a really remarkable film.

Beautifully shot! Though the philosophic essence is not enough.

15 December 2012. Flaws aside, by the end of the movie there is a fundamental epistemological and for some a spiritual conundrum that underlies even the superficial but powerful experience of the movie itself. Even though the movie trailers are misleading and fail to capture the essence of the movie, even though the 3-D version technically falls short, where a stick use to prod instead becomes unfocused and fuzzy, the use of the extensive flashback is more distracting and lazy-minded, and the two intense physically animalistic deaths are censored unnecessarily, this movie contains a rich narrative, and a struggle for survival between man and beast, nature and rational, logical thought. Even though the movie didn't fully capture the embracing religion diversity of themes, perhaps the movie wasn't really supposed to be so all-encompassing.There are suggestive themes and visions from the sci fi vision of Solaris (1972 and 2002), of the historical, haunting period film Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975), and the animal movies of Dances with Wolves (1990) and Never Cry Wolf (1983). The movie would have likely been more powerful presented in its own chronologically evolving way, yet the story and the mystery is so powerful that can transcend the medium and create an intense, emotionally and intellectually compelling movie experience.

This is my favourite film of all time. Simply can't get enough of it. The special effects, well as far as I am concerned there weren't any - it is so brilliantly done that it felt completely real. The boy is amazing, a natural. It is beautiful, soulful and just makes your heart ache. 10/10

A tiger and a boy. An animal and a man. Suffering. Survival. Living. Courage. Reflection. Few spoken lines that strike deep. A wonderful story of inspiration, hope and love.

"Life of Pi" is about hope. Undying hope to survive. It's about the human spirit and life. Its visually arresting and unforgettable as the novel itself, it's filled with Wit and humour.A beautiful film by Ang Lee.Overall - 3.5/5

No words to describe. Just go and see it. Don't miss it!

Relatively many seem to take offense at the religious themes. They feel that the religious undertones are thick and overwhelming. I thought that the openness of Pi to all religions and Atheism sorted all that out; and that early on in the movie and very thuroughly, as well. This opens the viewer's mind to the plot theme of "matter of perspective/circumstance" and Pi representing the spectrum of human nature. It covers all from purely survival driven instinct to questions of higher purpose. I myself am an Atheist and I get swiftly annoyed with religious narratives. Annoyance at that (or anything, for that matter) didn't even occur to me here.The most ridiculous negative criticism I read was that the main character didn't evolve or learn anything at all throughout the movie. Here, I can only conclude, that that person did not grasp the animals' symbolism at all. Maybe they had already mentally tuned out by the end of the movie, where it is all revealed really quite simply and blatantly.I was late to the party with this movie. It is definitely one of the best movies I will ever have seen! I can't think of a single flaw. Very deserving of the praise it has received.A+-gold-star-magnificent!

This movie is about a boy trapped in a rescue boat, after losing his family in a ship accident, with a tiger a monkey etc.
The movie tells you in the beginning that he survived and shows the busy days on the rescue boat.
The movie is full with great effect which are great but may seem sometimes unreal! The movie tries to stay serious while I had sometimes the feeling it's a bit funny. (Like the scene where the tiger is peeing on pi)
What I like about the end is that he tells the story about the cook and th sailor which makes you wanting to think about wether the story with the tiger or with the cook is the real one.
At the end of the day, the story is well written and very good. I would recommend it to everyone who's interested whatching a great movie!

It was ok but overly sentimental and not at all as good as the book. I think it was decent and plucked those emotional strings at the right time. Wouldn't watch it again. Would rather get the book out.

I'm sure everyone has said this but the book was better. The film definitely transports you to the world and it is an enjoyable watch. The production values are great. Loved the tiger. The protagonist does a great job (the actor I mean). Worth watching if you're a fan of the book!

You'll cry throughout! The production values and main actor were really impressive. I heard this guy had never been in anything before, so his performance was really impressive.

Piscine "Pi" Patel, a middle-aged Indian man in Canada, recalls his life story to a curious novelist, tracing his early youth from being born and raised in a zoo, his introduction to Islam and Christianity, and a life-changing event at age sixteen when he was stranded in a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific with his only companion being a fully grown Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. Through a series of surreal, almost dream-like flashbacks, Pi conveys a fascinating story of hope, faith, survival, and ultimately friendship while combating the loneliness and danger of his remarkable journey. Based on the novel by Yann Martel, director Ang Lee creates a gripping and visually striking world that allows you to accompany this resilient young man through his arduous journey, and profound, allegorical themes that transcend the usual survival genre. A truly unique and mesmerizing movie experience. ***

This is surely Ang Lee's masterpiece. It is one of the most beautifully presented movies . Awesome cinematography and visuals and and the acting of the two pi(s) Suraj sharma and Irfan was just masterclass .

The film opens with a lengthy character build-up of Pi. It starts off with the crude explanation on how he got his name. It contrasts this with Pi's discovery of religion to the point of believing in universalism. His lofty ideas are quickly contrasted with a dose of reality when a tiger, he thinks he has connected with, eats a live goat. After he develops a love interest we finally come to the meat of the tale.His family opts to go to Canada on a Japanese merchant ship and if everything went okay, you wouldn't see a picture of Pi in a boat with said tiger promoting this film. His life's experience are reflected in his relationship with the tiger and survival at sea.Pi's life is one filled with contrasts. He is a microcosm of India and perhaps the world as his name is symbolic of the constant the defines circles, orbs, and globes. That is the spiritual aspect. However his name derives from the "P" word giving it a dose of crude reality. The film/book is designed to be a metaphor. This is demonstrated in the end when Pi gives us two stories, then asks, "Which do you prefer?" as a way to test one's views in a world of contrasts.While the film is interesting on a number of levels, it is heavily narrated with an accent. This caused me to occasionally miss a word every now and then. Hopefully the DVD will have English subtitles.Parental Guide: No sex or nudity. While rated PG I thought Pi dropped the F-bomb near the end when he was talking about the two Japanese investigators. It was tough to tell with the accent. Beginning of film frequently refers to pi**ing.

Life of Pi is a beautiful movie, both visually and thematically. This film reminded me of how much I enjoyed the book. Also, I was impressed with Suraj Sharma who carried his first movie mostly on his own. The CGI is cartoony at parts, but it's easy to get lost in the story and forget that most of what you're seeing is nothing more than visual effects. This is a wonderful adaptation of an excellent novel.

An epic journey of adventure and discovery layered with messages about the true nature of God and storytelling, told in a fabulist style. 
Very life-like special effects are used to good effect - critical in terms of telling a story about a young man and a connection with a fearsome Bengal tiger.
The film borders on brilliance for the large part because of the skilful storytelling at sea and marvellous cinematography. 
But, since it's been elevated into 'great film' and '10 out of 10' territory by many reviewers who are led by sensation alone, it is worth pointing out that illusion is one of at least a dozen critical elements to a film's triumph. Illusion must be tightly linked to meaning and truth. Pleasingly, the special effects meet this criteria. Unfortunately, the film's narrative does not. The backstory about a writer who has writer's block serves as bathos, worsened by a self-important dialogue which produces some stilted acting at times. As a fairytale and a survival drama it keeps nature 'red in tooth and claw' which is refreshing. If only we didn't have the flash-forwards because it spoilt the tension created by Suraj Sharma's lead performance which was enchanting. All in all, it's a very good film. Its false note is a relentless articulation of thematic aims which failed to create enough subtext.

The story wa great and characters are great including the main character who is funny and adorable. The message are showing struggle someone fear and hate to work together and let other enemies affect you. The background is very creative. So Ang lee should do more life of Charlie Chan tv series. Better than crouching Tiger and hIdden Dragon. It is sad the tiger dies in island alone in very tear jerking.

Life of Pi is an exciting film to watch over again. There is good visual effect in the movie which includes sound too. Pi fights for his life with the combination of faith and science. He is able to survive with the two beliefs which in this case says that both faith and science can make you overcome obstacles in life.

'Life of Pi' tells an amazing story of a boy who survives a shipwreck after being marooned on a raft with a tiger for company. With what is either remarkable computer graphics or a remarkable feat of animal training, the film version of Yann Martel's novel is certainly an entertaining watch, even if the tale seems unbelievable. The conclusion invites us to conceive of the story not as literal truth, but as metaphor, for events perhaps too bleak to remember without disguise. Although I haven't read the book, my guess is that the reader's shifting understanding of the narrative is crucial: the film struggles a bit, if only because film always struggles with imaginative metaphor, rendering everything with concrete reality. Film has the power to show us impossible things as fact; it's thus a tricky medium when the point of the story is, in part, that impossible things are indeed impossible. So I enjoyed the movie; but I wonder if the book might not have better handled the uncertain nature of its truth.

Life of Pi is perhaps the most visually stunning film of all time. The incredible cinematography and CGI makes it a joy to watch, and it includes some of the most beautiful shots and frames that will ever grace your television screen. However, I think that while many were lost in the stunning physical beauty of this film, they refused to acknowledge a few minor flaws with other elements of the film. Pi faces challenges which only become challenges when the plot deems it necessary and interesting - such as thirst, which is a major issue in the film when he has can upon can of fresh water, and yet is barely considered when those cans are lost to a storm. Don't get me wrong - this film is spectacular in every sense of the word. But while the CGI effects and cinematography are the greatest that the film industry has ever seen, some elements of script and plot integrity have been slightly sacrificed. Nevertheless, this is a beautiful film with a fabulous exploration of human faith, and is suitable for the whole family. What more could we possibly ask for?

The author of this book and movie wants the reader/viewer to believe that a tiger and boy would survive long enough in a boat. OK. I also own ten shares of the Golden Gate Bridge, but even I have limits about 'willing suspension of disbelieve'.In short, the boy has managed to convey to the tiger that if he is to survive, the boy must survive, and the tiger cannot eat the boy. The boy will successfully fish for food for the two of them to survive, the boy manages to help the tiger conclude.It's a feel good premise. But haven't I heard that some where else? "We are all of us alone together." "Divided we fall, united we stand." "One for all, all for one." "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you..." "Thou shalt not..." "Love your neighbor..." And in the end, I could never get beyond the ludicrous premise of a tiger and a boy stranded together in a boat...I did wonder, how the producers did that--putting a tiger and a boy in a boat--and apparently, it was done through computer generated graphics.It was an interesting premise, however ludicrous and therefore unbelievable; and I can't help but wonder whether other stories achieved the measure way better without stretching credulity. "To Kill A Mocking Bird"--Leo Tolstoy's "Death of Ivan Ilyich"--"Breakfast at Tiffany's"--"My Fair Lady"--"Mary Poppins"--to cite just a few instances.

I'm giving it a 3/10 to actually give some credit to the cinematographers incredible work in this film, and for some of you to actually take me seriously before you see that one star and move on to another review which seems more reliable. Hopefully it works, because you should hear this.I didn't know much about this film before I saw it, probably saw the trailer half-asleep, or maybe I saw some still photos from it - whatever it was, something made me want to go and see it.It started out nicely, the characters were more than interesting. Then came all the religion, and I very much respect some how people turn to god, but I have already made up my mind, and I'm getting very tired of having this religious propaganda shoved right in my face ever so often. The worst thing about it is how sad it made me, I'm literally sad because it could've been so good. I was so in love with the plot, and I even tried to look through the religious propaganda in the beginning, but it got too much when they tried making me believe we somehow had a choice in the end of what to believe. To avoid spoilers I'll make a metaphor out of the ending, to explain what I mean about the so-called choice they gave the audience in this film; The main character presents an ice cream cone in his one hand, and looks delicious as hell (read; beautiful cinematography and touching relations). In his other hand he's holding a big turd - the turd has been through a lot, but a turd never looks tasty. He then makes you choose which one you prefer. (I checked the spoiler box just in case, don't wanna be blacklisted in case I maybe write some less personal/biased reviews some day, this film didn't deserve that though).This film is probably a 10/10 for the people who likes to be tickled by a turd though. To summarize my feelings; It could've been sooo good which is what makes me so sad to see it wasted, and if I was religious I would've prayed for this film to drop all the propaganda. At the beginning I was already thinking "I'm getting this one on bluray", now all I can think of is downloading it, burn it on a DVD and Pi on it - to get something out of the lost time at the cinemas tonight.

If you liked torturing animals as a kid then this movie is for you. For the rest of us that do not have sadistic tendencies, I did not care for this movie. I hunt and fish, and I have had to put down some of my own horses. If I don't get a clean shot when hunting I put the animal out of its misery. I found the advertising for this movie totally misleading. It is not about a boy on a lifeboat with a tiger. That is what all of the pictures show. I can't imagine spending time reading the novel that this film is based on. The $10.50 and 2.5 hours i spent viewing this movie were not worth it. The movie is rated PG, but it is not something you would want to take your younger children to.

You will ruin a precious time of your life by watching Life Of Pi. Its a senseless, dumb and an illogical movie. The movie starts with real bad jokes (no one was even smiling in the whole auditorium). In the mid of the movie few comes a bad logic of training a beast with one scene even in few moments and the rest of the movie he is behaving like a beloved of Mr. Pi. Come on, its not a cub, its a beast. Show it in proper way and make some logic. I liked the end more because by then i was half slept. The ending was a real boring part of the movie, Around 15 to 20 minutes, Pi was telling a story which is so boring, so boring that i saw people yawning even (of course, when i woke up). I don't think i will rate it as an Art movie even.

Despite all the congratulatory proclamations of "Ang Lee did the impossible, he filmed what many thought was essentially an un-filmable story"...well, guess what? It is hard to put on film, and it remains so. Nowhere anywhere near Ang Lee captured the essence of Yann Martel's story. Quite the opposite, so many things went wrong with the final cut, that I believe the original story got some really bad rap and will be tainted in eyes of the thousands of the movie-goers round the world.I should know better when I couldn't see Yann Martel's name as a script co-writer. Perhaps he was invited to help, perhaps he declined (knowing well that this is a potential failure).This movie works only on one level - visual. Hardly enough for the spiritual/philosophical jewel that this wants to be. And even the visuals get boring after some time, because there's no deeper core to hold the movie together.All in all, this is a spectacular eye-candy with not much else. The movie sets the bar really high right from the start - the writer is told he may start believing in God when the story is done. I'm watching for the transformation to occur, but... My opinion is this even wasn't Martel's intention. His book is a nice puzzle, which can be turned round and round in one's mind, while one senses there are many layers down below to be peeled, but the conclusion is left to the reader. The movie - quite some difference, it slaps the belief in God on the screen in first 5 minutes...and then never delivers! The introduction of the 'alternative' story is so botched I couldn't believe it. No cut away scenes, just plain recount, told with such heavy Indian accent that had I not known it from the book, I would have missed it altogether.This story shouldn't have been filmed, when I think of it. The book has so many nuances, beautiful and not-so-beautiful details (drink turtle blood, anyone?)...but it all comes together so well. The story of a boy and a tiger in one boat sounds impossible to many, but the book manages to pull in some interesting details, and makes it somewhat realistic - biology and dominance factors, circus training principles etc. One detail for all - the boy sets the territory right in the book, half the boat...yet, the movie felt this wasn't working, so the boy gets to wander around the whole boat. There are numerous leaps of faith required, which were beyond my threshold sometimes. Changes were obviously required for pacing what could otherwise be a terribly boring movie, but to what effect? The tiger sure never jumped out of the boat after a fish, and the boy sure never had to help the tiger back in the boat! Jeeezzz...there goes another half of the movie.After all the buzz, I felt terribly disappointed in this movie.

The central character in this film is Piscine Molitor Patel, named for some reason after a swimming pool in Paris even though his family are from Pondicherry in India. As a boy, young Piscine Molitor, tired of being taunted with the nickname "Pissing Patel" by his schoolmates, changes his name to "Pi" after the mathematical symbol. Yes, it's that sort of a film. As the film opens Pi Patel is now an adult living in Montreal, Canada. He is approached by a local writer who believes that Pi's life story would make a great subject for a book. Pi therefore relates that life story to him, so most of the film consists of one long flashback. We learn of his childhood in Pondicherry, where his father owns a zoo. Most of the story, however, takes place when Pi is 16. His father decides to emigrate with the family to Canada, and closes the zoo. He books a passage to Canada on a Japanese freighter, taking all his animals with him on the ship, as he believes that he will get a better price for them in North America than in India. Halfway across the Pacific the ship is wrecked in a storm, and Pi is the only survivor. He manages to struggle onto a lifeboat but finds he must share it with several animals- a zebra, an orangutan, a spotted hyena and a Bengal tiger.The film is notable for its use of computer-generated digital imagery to render the animals, especially the tiger, and the technological aspects are certainly most impressive. The scenes in the lifeboat could, clearly, not have been filmed with real animals, but the "virtual" animals we see are so realistically done that we are persuaded to suspend our disbelief. The film is also, at times, visually very beautiful, as one might expect from Ang Lee, the director of that poetic ballet "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". Lee's poetic vision is seen most clearly in the scenes set at sea, particularly the one where the entire ocean seems to be covered with jellyfish shining in the moonlight. Suraj Sharma as the young Pi is clearly a promising newcomer, although I was less impressed by Irrfan Khan as the adult Pi, and there is a brief but memorable cameo from Gérard Depardieu as a vulgar, racist ship's cook. My main problem with the film was that I could not really see the point of it. It was clearly intended as something more than just an exciting yarn about a shipwreck; indeed, it does not work particularly well as an adventure film because the non-realistic elements keep getting in the way. A film with a hero who is named after both a swimming pool and a mathematical symbol, who miraculously survives a considerable period of time in a lifeboat with a ferocious tiger and who encounters a mysterious floating island populated by carnivorous plants and meerkats- creatures native to southern Africa, not Pacific islands- is obviously not intended to be realistic. It must have some hidden meaning. But what is it?There is a religious note running through the film. Pi's father is a free-thinking rationalist, but Pi himself is deeply religious- so much so that he follows three religions, Hinduism, Christianity and Islam, all at once. The ship on which the family travels is, although Japanese, named the Tsimtsum, a Hebrew word with a technical meaning in Jewish theology. Pi tells the writer who is interviewing him that he has a story that will "make you believe in God", but the implications of this are never really thought through. A story which is not only fictitious but also fantastic seems a curious argument for the existence of God. Even if one were to be confronted with a story like Pi's which was undoubtedly true, one could always choose to regard his seemingly miraculous survival as being due purely to good fortune rather than to divine intervention.I have not read Yann Martel's original novel, but to judge from this adaptation it would appear to be a work of "magic realism", a literary genre which combines the realistic with the fantastic, and which often works better on the printed page than on the cinema screen. There have been many notable literary works in this genre in recent decades, but few have been successfully adapted for the cinema, and the few great "magic realist" films, such as Woody Allen's "The Purple Rose of Cairo", have generally been based on original screenplays. Bille August made a very decent version of Isabel Allende's "The House of the Spirits", but he did so by concentrating on the realist elements in Allende's novel at the expense of the magic ones. "Life of Pi" is technically very impressive, and it has some excellent individual scenes, but it never really unites these into a coherent work of art. 6/10

I had seen the trailer for this film many times and was still unsure of the story, I went in with open mind and I was not disappointed, visually it was stunning, the dialogue was not cheesy and the story interesting. The 3D was good, although I am still unsure how much it really added to the experience... My reasoning is that there are sections where you are seeing 'Pi' talking to the journalist, which will have no 3D value.Overall this was a film that contains a lot of analogies and symbols, it could have possibly been a tiny amount shorter but a very good.The film works because it doesn't rely on having only Hollywood A-list actors and instead gone for a cast who can portray the characters.

Ang Lee's "Life Of Pi" is a remarkable film. Adapted from Yann Martel's book it tells a story of an idealistic young man who finds himself stranded on a lifeboat with a tiger after the ship carrying him and his family sinks in a storm. Like Ernest Hemingway's "Old Man and the Sea" it is an allegorical tale that wrestles with some of the most fundamental issues confronting mankind. Suraj Sharma is excellent as the titled character. Beginning life as "Piscine Molitor" he shortens his name to simply "Pi" after the other schoolchildren start referring to him as "Pissing". He frustrates his Hindu father by professing a belief in Christianity and Islam as well as Hinduism despite his father's protests that it is irrational to do so. When the father decides that their future financial prospects in India are not good the family packs up and sets sail for Canada and a new life. Following a catastrophic storm Pi is forced to reconcile his idealism with the primal desire for self-preservation. This is a gorgeous looking picture thanks to Claudio Miranda's cinematography and the 3D is outstanding. "Life Of Pi" is a triumph and one of the best films of 2012.

I've used IMDb for 2 years and I created an account just now mainly to write a review about how disappointingly bad it was. It starts out quite promising, as though to deliver an insightful message about life, but the conclusion is absurdly ignorant about the nature of life, and especially human nature. OK, so IMDb tells me that I cannot submit my review unless its at least ten lines. Well, to tell you just how bad this movie was I am willing to keep writing. ...But I might even say positive things, because I think I've been negative enough already. The 3D visuals were pretty cool, though not comparable to the awesomeness of Avatar. OK, more negative. I have a feeling animals were harmed for the making of this movie, which is a deal-breaker for me. Oh, but the idea of the floating carnivorous island was pretty cool. In conclusion, I wish I could get my money back, and time

According to Lee, Pi has been an exhausting experience, or rather his most exhausting film. And if exhaustion is an exhilarated feel one gets on achieving the desired results, then same goes for the special effects team. Where 'The Wedding Banquet', 'Eat drink man woman', Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon' (though with effects), "Brokeback Mountain', 'Lust, Caution' were character driven then Pi is CGI driven especially led or say eclipsed by Richard Parker (the tiger). So I can imagine those in air-con suites working 24/7 on various animated sequences and effects, and creating him and his movements – ultimately credible! And commendable!For me the only reason to see it was to affirm what I had imagined while reading the book, and must say the film is pretty close to it! But along the way I couldn't emotionally connect to it like I did with the book! I thought maybe it was because I knew what was coming next but a realization dawned! Transforming more than (I think) 500 pages into 120 plus minutes can be laborious and so, what has been projected are measured situations in terms of (cost and) duration: resulting in calculated scenes (against the green screen) supplemented by effects comprising Pi and Parker in the second hour. And while executing them an exhausting Lee and equally fatigued CG team overlooked many aspects, which made the boat always look neat and not weather- beaten! So much so that after the zebra, hyena and orangutan are devoured there are no traces of blood! Meaning continuity sank here and there!As for the 3D touch, many portions could have been stunning, but opportunities were lost! Like Pi on spotting a ship signals by emitting smoke and burning flare, could have been shot from the top with the two effects hitting the audience. But thank Martel for writing about a teenage Pi sailing with Parker and not a 30 plus man! Otherwise, if Irrfan Khan had been selected to portray that role it would have been unbearable! A mediocre or rather below mediocre (so-called ) actor who is over-rated (like Frieda Pinto) and I can't figure out why? He is, to an extent, just OK for the role in Pi or he did in 'Slumdog' and 'New York'. If someone creates a montage of scenes from his films (and a TV commercial), the result will be simply monotonous! One effect the CG team created and that turned out to be as lame as this actor (by fluke) are a couple of tears that materialize in his left eye toward the end. They just don't trickle down like they do on young Pi's cheeks! And Sharma does a good job!Khan's stoicism was evident in 'Billo Barber' where he (Billo) was completely stone faced when Shahrukh emotionally poured his heart out about his friendship with him. So compared to Priyadarshan, Lee had to take the help of an animator to make him emote with an effect! And a pity the tears don't look as natural as Parker: even expressive when he is unwell, and rests his head on Pi's laps! An expression, which would have been very, very difficult for Khan to give! The (artificial) tear factor can be included in either trivia or goofs.

Ang Lee makes good looking movies. Here again, he is meticulous in his craft and it shows on the screen.The problem with the Life of Pi is it starts too soon and ends too late. Because it is a story in flash back you know PI survives. If you have seen a trailer you know the movie should start with a great ship wreck scene. It takes to long to get there. End after the rescue. That interesting shaggy dog story from the hospital bed that was heard, not seen, was not needed and not cinematic. The movie looks and sounds good but it is redundant. How many storms at sea are enough? The movie might have trouble finding an audience. It looks like a family movie, but it is too violent and intense for younger children. If you go to see it, take your lead from the tiger. When the tiger leaves, you should too.

Alfred Hitchcock put a few people in a lifeboat and told an interesting story with them.After hearing all of the hoop-la around this I was expecting something profound, prophetic - or at least, interesting.This movie pretty much gives up on a story once the lifeboat is launched.What the movie delivers is a very pretty 3D experience. Or so I imagine. I saw it in 2D. For me it was like watching a collage of art student drawings.The basic story-line is nothing new and very thin. The video and CGI overpowers the light story. The tiger is creatively constructed, but never enough to make you really believe it is real.I suppose what Avatar was for geeks, Life of Pi is for the Sundance crowd.

I don't know what is wrong with me. Several people had told me this film was stupendous, wonderful, beautiful, amazing, profound, etc etc etc. I went along with a friend who was virtually speechless at the end - she said it had been an 'overwhelming' experience for her. Well, it wasn't for me. Certainly the visuals were quite beautiful, but I was left stone cold by the viewing experience. Nothing about the film 'grabbed' me in any way. I consider myself an intelligent, imaginative, sensitive person, and am often moved quite profoundly by certain films or books, but all the way through Life of Pi I just could not suspend my disbelief enough to accept any of what I was seeing on the screen. I just kept thinking, 'this is impossible - this is unbelievable - this couldn't possibly happen', etc., and a day or two later I still can't find anything about the film to admire or be moved by, except for the technical accomplishment of the visuals. Am I the only person who has been left completely cold by this film?

First and foremost, I'd like to set the record straight. If you're one of those people who think "Life of Pi" is pretty much just a movie about a dude in a boat with a tiger, well, I have news for you......you're right.Ang Lee's latest feature, an adaptation of the book by Yann Martel which, after numerous attempts by other directors including M. Night Shyamalan, Alfonso Curon and Jean-Pierre Jeunet, was deemed "unfilmable," is indeed the story of a shipwrecked boy who survives for weeks on a lifeboat he shares with a Bengali tiger. As told to a reporter (Rafe Spall) by an adult Pi (Irrfan Khan) from his Montreal home (Canada REPRESENT!), the story starts off with Pi's childhood and religious awakening before spending much time at sea...on a boat...with a big cat.Religion is the overpowering theme of the film, there is no doubt, but not in a preachy sort of way. Rather than being some sort of moralistic tale, the point I believe the narrative is trying to make is that personal spirituality is important, no matter what you may believe, and we should all just respect each other's points of view. And although I am a non-believer, that is something I cannot fault. If only, right? When a young Pi finds an interest in Christianity after having been raised Hindu and discovering the Muslim religion, his father brilliantly exclaims "I'd rather you believe in something I do not agree with than accept all religions blindly." Excuse me if I am paraphrasing slightly there, but the line was very powerful and one I can respect a great deal.However, despite the lovely religious equilibrium and the cute ferocious animal, "Life of Pi" never quite managed to enrapture me. The filming style, with its cuts and edits, came across almost amateurish and TV_movie-like while I found the script slightly underwhelming and the performances merely acceptable. Nothing more.But who am I kidding...I did not see the movie for the story. What intrigued me about the film was the talk of the visual effects. THAT is what I went for. Having been heralded as the most visually captivating film since "Avatar," I was full of anticipation for this film for that reason and that reason only.And it is indeed a beautiful movie to watch on the largest screen possible. Definitely in 3D. The scenes are so incredibly drawn and meticulously brought to 3D life, you will almost forget what is going on in the film at times because you're busy staring too long at the CGI tiger going "wow, how did they do that?" Don't worry, it's not like you'll miss an important plot point. And you will find yourself asking that exact question many times during this film. However, it is no "Avatar," which remains the most visually magnificent film I have ever had the pleasure of viewing (although I am sure many of you will see elements which have been borrowed from it at certain moments). To be honest, I didn't even find it as visually captivating as "Cloud Atlas," as the beauty of the images hinder rather than help the audience personally connect with a story which seems a tad bit far-fetched as it is.No doubt Lee, a two-time Oscar nominee for "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and "Brokeback Mountain," for which he won, will undoubtedly get an invitation back to the ceremonies this year for his visual epic, but it's best chances at gold will be strictly technical, as the film itself leaves one a little underwhelmed. That time you spent the night with someone astonishingly beautiful but not terribly interesting? Yeah, kinda like that.

The film was weak the minute it started. The script is sub-standard. It is not the fault of the book (guessing as I have not read it), but the fault of the script writer. It has in so many redundant scenes that serve no purpose at all in constructing the narrative. The prolix debates about religion have no serious connection to the story. They serve absolutely no purpose. The church scene, the issues around Jesus, poorly written, poorly introduced into the narrative. Very unrefined in transmitting a spiritual message. It is certainly not deep, and they had a million ways to introduce the multi-religious themes.The ship cafeteria vegetarian scene why was it there? The Japanese guy talking about his dish, why was it there? The scene when his father teaches him about the Tigers ways made perfect sense to the narrative.So after all of that redundant time wasting we get into the meat of the film. Which was okay. Hardly original, You seen Tom Hanks you seen Avatar fuse them together. Tom Hanks on Avatar Island. Some of the music, esp in the opening did not gel at all. I was shocked by the opening title credits it was absolute devoid of impact. It was like we do not know what to do, let us do something. And even after making head way they had to go an spoil everything with yet another redundant anti-mood scene in the hospital with anew story. His mother being eaten by sharks, I am like? Why? what did that entire redundant scene tell us? What for. Leave it as it is, the family comes home the titles come up. Weak story telling, Weak subtext, weak editing, weak directing, nice CGI, some nice tension. not well stitched together, maybe for kids.

The movie's content was mediocre, I originally gave it a 7 which I find to be a minimum point for a movie. However, the animal trainer beats his tigers with rocks and whips! Check the news folks, this is 100% absolutely true. Those in charge of this movie paid money to someone who aggressively beats these animals into submission to do his stunts, and the hired this man! While those who made this movie aren't directly guilty of animal abuse, they did not vet this man properly and in doing so they supported his abuse. I'm not some tree hugging vegan, I love a nice steak or some friend chicken. But what this man does is disgusting, and he should be on the other end of that whip. This movie should be pulled from all publication.

The story revolves around a man named Pi (Piscine Molitor Patel), who lives in Canada and is sharing his story with a novelist of how he survived a shipwreck in which he lost his family when he was younger. He starts off by telling the novelist of how he received his real name and his nick name Pi. Gradually, he moves into detail of his family and his experience of vast religions he found and practiced. Then he announced the almost unbelievable story of being lost at sea for months at a time with Richard Parker, a tiger from his father's zoo. He explained the great ups and downs of their extraordinary friendship. Pi believed that Richard Parker was a true friend to him, until one day they washed up on shore and with no hesitation Richard Parker ran into the forest without glancing back. To know that his one and only friend at the time left without saying goodbye or any acknowledgment of his disappearance left Pi devastated.One of the major things that really grasped my attention throughout this whole movie is how director Ang Lee did such a wonderful job with the main character Pi. Throughout the whole movie we can feel his pain and sorrow just because he does such a terrific job on revealing his emotions. No matter what situation he was confronted with during the movie he always managed to pull through and overcome every obstacle. If a problem occurred he always handled it in a very nonfictional, believable way. The relationship between Pi and Richard Parker was very enjoyable as well as individual roles. Man and animal surviving together, grieving together, and working together is outstanding! Never have I seen such a remarkable outcome between animal and man. I would most definitely refer this movie to anyone; it is a must see of this century! The theme of this movie is that we never know what life will throw at us. We should never take anything for granted as well as never be afraid to experience new things. One of the worst feelings is not only letting people or things get away from us, but not having the opportunity or chance to say goodbye to them especially to those whom we love the most. What hurts the most is not appreciating all the little things that they have done and coming to a realization when it is too late. Last but not least, the most important message of the movie is no matter what life throws at us our faith must remain intact!

Life of Pi was one of those books that interested me and was constantly on my mind to read but, being quite a lazy man, I never actually got around to it. The story is one told to an American writer by a man called Pi Patel and it involves a ship wreck where the only survivors are himself and some animals which were also being transported on the ship – the most notable of which is a tiger called Richard Parker. Pi relates his struggle to survive, the things that happened to him and ultimately seeks to make the writer believe in god.Although there is an establishing period early in the film where we discuss god and then also see young Pi and his various religions, the majority of the film occurs once at sea and for most people this is the film they came to see. The posters, the awards and so on all point to this film as a spectacle and to be fair it is. Throughout all the animal sequences it is pretty much never unconvincing; the animals look real and look like they are right there in the same scene. Where bigger sequences occur they are also impressive and technically the whole film looks great. I saw it on 2D on only a television rather than the cinema, but it still worked apart from bits of personal preference – I never like those 1950's style scenes of 'poking audience with stick' – they seem in service of technology than story. Anyway, technically the film works.The problem is that it works too well. It becomes so much about spectacle that we forget all the work in the early part of the film – all that talk about god and ultimately Pi's statement that he will make the writer believe in god. This comes back at the end in a way that is actually quite satisfying because although not as smart as it thinks it is, it does make you think even if it is pretty bleak. The thing is though that this seems stuck on to a special-effects movie, not that a movie about religion had effects in it; so the irony is that the substance of the film really doesn't work as well as it could have done. The need to make the spectacle also means that the film runs much longer than it needed to do if you really were focused on telling the story.It is still a well made project though and the work of all involved is really up there. From the cast, Sharma is great in his first film – convincing in the emotional and physical sides. He is well represented by the older version of his character by Khan (although I did keep hearing his In Treatment character in his slow tone). There are other good performances in here but generally the film is all about Sharma and it is impressive that he isn't lost in the special effects or scale of the scenes. Life of Pi is a film that works best as something that it is not – a big, technically impressive, spectacle. The downside of doing that so well is that it is runs longer than the narrative actually needs and makes it feel like the substance is the thing that is a bit out of place in the film.

How many times must i say it? Life of Pi is the greatest film EVER!!I'll start now, as a qualified media technician i had heard the hype over the film and the tiger for many weeks before i finally sat down to watch it. I finally cracked open the Ben and Jerry's, lit a scented vanilla candle and downloaded the film on my mac so i was able to watch it on the retina display. This film is a thrill ride straight from the go. Action, Adventure, the film is brimming with plot twists and Beautiful CGI which will have you on the edge of your seat all the way through. Scared of falling asleep through this film? Good luck! is what i say to you M'lady, Pi will grab you by the balls and drag you through 2 hours of boat and zoo related mayhem. if you're wondering about the plot I'll start now. Its amazing, from when pi is a Jew and that to when he first meets Richard Parker(not to be confused with the tiger from Spiderman) who was superb throughout the film, the puppeteer did an amazing job, i could barely see the wires. I wont spoil any more, but trust me like seriously just so good. I'm still in a state of euphoria from just watching it, my fedora fell of a good few times due to the jump scares and i was very aroused by the beautiful CGI and cinematography.The Best film i have ever seen, the Coldplay soundtrack, the Go Pro action sequences, its like this film was made for me. My life has changed thanks to Richard Parker. thank you Richard Parker for leading me to true Euphoria.

Fantastic photography, and a really entertaining storyline that has you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. The director has added another feather to his cap of great cinematic achievements. Beautiful scenery and vivid colors, makes you marvel at the wonders of nature, some fantastic ocean storm waves, showing just how big and powerful the ocean really is. But let's not forget this is a fictional movie, and like the Superman or The Hulk etc etc, movies, it's very believable and engaging. In a broad sense, it's also a treatise about mans faith and belief in religion and a God, a personal vs an Abstract God, told allegorically; a boy on a life boat with some other survivors, depicted as wild animals, and towards the end of the movie alluded to be humans (and more specifically inhumane humans), all vieing for survival. It's left up to the viewer to choose which story-line they prefer to believe in: and the analogy to which religion/God they prefer to believe in. So if you can come way from a Superman or Batman movie without it challenging your faith and belief in the real world around you, this movie should be approached in the same way, with the added bonus, that you might view your relationship with reality and religion afresh.

Life of Pi is a story about a teen who gets stranded in the middle of the ocean with a few wild animals... most notably a tiger.If the setup sounds interesting to you, than you would probably like the film as that's all there is to it. That and some decent visual effects and nice photography.As for the story - there is not much there. It starts with "The story will make you believe in God" or something to that effect, but there is no place for God in it. Some claim it is meant to prove non-existence of God... but I did not see it that way. It is too blah to have anything in it really.Bottom line: in the world where true mysticism and symbolism is lost, there is no shortage of pretentious works of "art" (film, novels, or anything else) which gladly promises to bring some new value. They all have a few things in common:Story originates in a far away land and/or timeIt is based on some completely unimportant and ridiculous premise that only young teenagers may be interested in itIt is visually richWhether it is Life of PI or any other similarly dumb fantasy such as Harry Potter or Lord Of The Ring, it does not really matter. They all require that the consumer have low expectations, poor understanding of human condition, and is easily entertained with anything that seems even a little "different".Often, forced attempts to be different brings us just more of the same, and Life Of PI does just that.

In an era in which CGI has made it possible to put virtually anything one could possibly imagine up on the screen, it has become harder and harder for a filmmaker to make an audience's collective jaw drop. But Ang Lee achieves just that with his adaptation of Yann Martel's "Life of Pi." This movie truly has what we, in modern parlance, like to refer to as "the wow factor," simply because it is unlike anything we've seen on screen before. "Life of Pi" is a surrealistic tale of survival about an Indian boy trapped on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean with nothing but a ferocious Bengal tiger for a companion. The first thought we are struck with while watching "Life of Pi" is that this movie would have been impossible to make prior to the CGI revolution in filmmaking. With so many movies abusing that technology for sheer commercial ends, it's gratifying to see a film actually using it for thought-provoking and artistic purposes (see also "Gravity"). At times brutally harsh while at others gloriously lyrical, the movie combines the realistic with the fantastical, the rational with the spiritual - all to illustrate the many disparate and dichotomous elements that, working in glorious chaotic tandem, make up this vast expanse we call the universe. The first third of the film focuses on Pi's life before the shipwreck. Pi (short for Piscine, which as it shares a rather unfortunate homonym in English, causes Pi at a very early age to abbreviate it) is innately curious about not only the world around him but the world that lies beyond the physical. He is so fascinated with the spiritual, in fact, that he has adopted the tenets of each of the world's major religions and made them his own. Pi lives with his stern, skeptical father (Adil Hussain), his more open-minded, sympathetic mother (Tabu) and his somewhat less curious older brother (who is played by three different actors in various stages of the story). One of the prime exhibits in the zoo owned by Pi's father is a Bengal tiger that, through a bureaucratic fluke, has been tagged with the name Richard Parker, a prosaic moniker hardly befitting the king of the jungle. When the father decides to sell the zoo, the family, along with the animals, board a Japanese freighter to begin a new life in Canada (the plan is to sell the animals once they get there). On the way, however, tragedy strikes when the ship sinks in a tremendous storm, sending all but Pi and Richard Parker to the bottom of the sea. "Life of Pi" is the story of their survival.Alternately awe-inspiring, heartbreaking and suspenseful, the screenplay by David Magee expands on the "circle of life" metaphor to explore how each element of nature is interlocked with every other element, with each action prompting a reaction unto infinity. Though natural born "enemies," Pi and Richard Parker achieve a kind of symbiosis, ultimately forced to rely on one another for survival (RP for his physical needs, Pi for his spiritual), and in so doing, they achieve a harmony that puts them in sync with the rest of the universe. Yet, for all its pantheistic elements, the movie doesn't over-sentimentalize nature, doesn't shy away from showing us the unthinking brutality that is also a part of that universe, underlined by the fact that living creatures can survive only by feeding on other living creatures. It certainly never downplays the very real danger Pi is in at every moment from his feline companion. This cat may be animated, but he's no cartoon character.Never one to shy away from a challenge, Lee won a second Best Director Oscar for his work here, and someday the Academy might even see fit to bestow a Best Picture award on him as well (he was certainly robbed of that honor for "Brokeback Mountain"). As he has done many times before, Lee demonstrates a total command of the medium in "Life of Pi." There's a hallucinatory quality to much of the film, as Pi frequently experiences preternatural visions that transcend the confines of the material world and of rational thought, leading him to a oneness with God. Suraj Shama has been handed the challenge - one might almost call it the burden - of carrying large stretches of this film entirely on his own, with only a CGI effect to interact with. It is a challenge the gifted young actor is more than equipped to handle and he fulfills it beautifully.Though the movie throws the audience for a loop at the end, making us question the veracity of the tale the adult Pi (Irrfan Kahn) is relating to the writer (Rafe Spall) who hopes to chronicle the experience, no one can ever convince the true believer in all of us that this is anything other than a love story between a boy and a tiger. After all - thanks to the technical wizards who've made it all possible - we've seen it with our own eyes.

I really enjoyed the first 30 minutes of the movie. I really did. I even turned to my wife and said, "this is surprisingly good." But then the ship sank, as did the movie. The reason I was so surprised by the first 30 minutes, was that I saw the previews, which seemed quite boring. Well, had they starred Tom Hanks in this movie I would have thought it was Cast Away 2. There is no doubt that the movie is visually stunning (thanks to ripping off James Cameron), but you could watch Avater for all the the same special effects. But "Eye Candy" candy only goes so far, at least for me. Actually, you could have named this movie many other titles than Life of Pi...Castatar (Cast Away meets Avatar), The Old Man and the Tiger (Old Man and the Sea meets a Tiger instead of a Marlin), etc... I can see awards for cinematography, but that's it! Nominated for Best Picture??? Are you kidding me??? The last hour and 30 is so dull you really want the tiger to eat the boy. Unfortunately, you know it won't happen cause the boy is telling the story.... Really would have made the ending much better if the tiger ate the boy.... Then the credits run....

Life of Pi is an astounding experience that you will not forget anytime soon. It is a very captivating story that is told and acted out very well, about a boy named Pi who is stranded at sea in a life raft with a tiger. It doesn't get more interesting than that. The digital landscape is done so perfectly it is almost breathtaking, that alone, very well might be your favorite part of the whole film. The water seems as if you could just dive right in and go for a swim with the stunningly colorful jellyfish that light up the crystal blue sea. It will have your whole attention the entire time, as you will be trying to guess and see what is going to happen next. The hardships, struggles, and triumphs are shown so brilliantly you might as well be right in the midst of it. All in all Life of Pi is a must see for everyone.

I was really touched my heart and I couldn't help crying. This film tells us what is the most important in our life to love, to stay strong, to live to thank. On the way to Canada by a ship, a violent storm hit it. It sunk and saved the man whose nickname is Pi and 4 animals,a Zebra,Hyena,Orangutan and Tiger.They drifted on a raft for a long time and they attacked and ate each other.In the end,a tiger and survived and spent with the man for 227 days.the recommend scene is they are getting along with each other day by day.It's difficult to get along with human and animals however I knew it's possible to communicate even if we can't what to say.And my most favorite point is able to see very beautiful nature's pictures water,leaves,insects,forests anyway.You should try to watch and good opportunity to think about what is our life.

Once I watched this movie, it was impossible to shake from my mind for almost three days after. Each time I've watched it, it's left me in awe. LIFE OF PI is a beautiful film with a magnificent story to tell. From Ang Lee (director of HULKthe one with the gamma poodle yeah, I went there), LIFE OF PI is based on a novel from Yann Martel that, admittedly, I've never read. It is, without a doubt, one of the most (if not, THE most) visually stunning movie of 2013 and the story is one that just stirs around in your head, leaving you to think back on what you've watched and question everything about it. The premise of the story is what originally hooked my attention: a young Indian boy is adrift at sea, trapped aboard a life boat with a Bengal tiger. More specifically, the boy is Pi Patel (Suraj Sharma) and he was raised in India with his family in their zoo. When times become tough and the zoo must close, his family loads the animals aboard a freighter and they set off for Canada. A storm leaves Pi alone on the Pacific Ocean, a lone survivor from a shipwreck, with an injured zebra, an orangutan, a hyena, and a tiger along for the ride. LIFE OF PI is a tale of faith and survival that might, as an adult Pi describes as he recounts his tale to an interested author, "make you believe in God." Ultimate belief in a deity is not guaranteed, but an incredible story with mind-blowing effects is.So, for a little context from this commenter, I am not religious or spiritual in any real sense. You don't necessarily need to be in order to enjoy this movie. This is not a movie to preach religious faith or drive home points about how belief in God is important or whatever. This is one man's account of a life-changing event in his life and how (and more importantly why) it strengthened his belief in God. The character of Pi Patel is more than your average Hindu. He's Hindu, Christian, and Muslim with a possible bit of Jewish mixed in. He's a boy who loves God in all his forms and his faith will be put to the test over the course of this two-hour film as he is trapped in the middle of the largest ocean in a lifeboat with a tiger. As if survival isn't difficult enough when you're trapped thousands of miles from anywhere with limited food and clean water, but a hungry carnivorous cat tends to exacerbate problems. Pi will face hunger, weather, and his fellow passengers in his long quest across the ocean while maintaining his faith that his God (of many faces) is watching over him. And in the end, when Pi returns to society and gives us (and two Japanese insurance adjustors) a second version of his tale, we are introduced to a new understanding behind faith in a higher power and what leads people into it. As a firmly non-religious person, I actually thought it was one of the most enlightening descriptions of religious faith I've heard. And it's all done without being preachy.LIFE OF PI is, as you've probably heard just about any time the movie is discussed, an amazing visual feast. I don't like to use the term because I think it comes across as corny, but I'll make a rare exception for LIFE OF PI: it is stunning. Ang Lee, cinematographer Claudio Miranda, and the visual effects team have created a gorgeous film. It's not often you see a movie of this caliber anymore. LIFE OF PI is a prime example of film as art, as opposed to summer blockbusters or cash-grab sequels. The visual effects in this movie are superb but you might not think so when watching it. It wasn't until after I'd seen the movie twice that I discover that the majority of scenes with Richard Parker, the tiger, are a CG animal. In fact, most of the animals in the film are CG. That blew my mind. Not once over the course of the movie did I question whether the animals I was watching were real. In a time when I can go to your average summer film and count the CG elements, it is great that there are movies that incorporate such subtlety that you might never question what you're watching.On a related note, I am one that would argue that the Academy Award LIFE OF PI won for cinematography was undeserved because so much of the movie was done as visual effects. As beautiful as this movie was, there were others in 2012 more deserving of the recognition for their work with physical lighting and camera-work.

Life of Pi is quite simply an amazing movie. Obviously the production value and special effects, but also the acting and subtlety. Suraj Sharma should have been nominated for Best Actor at the Oscars this year and his performance was supremely undervalued and underrated. You really believed his fear when he is out in the ocean and the emotion he displays throughout the different situations he must overcome throughout the film were paralleled by no other actor or actress this summer. The script was beautifully crafted and there was never a dull moment. There was the perfect mix of wonder, intrigue and culture. The first quarter of the movie is interesting as Pi's cultural and religious background is explored and the rest of the movie keeps the watcher guessing with the magic that David Magee has so wonderfully weaved into his masterpiece.The attention to detail was phenomenal. As more and more time progressed, Richard Parker's coat became paler and more washed out and Richard Parker himself was a spectacular feat. I just cannot give this film high enough praise. The only thing that stopped this movie from getting ten stars was the ending and the fact that I had to argue with most people I knew about what actually happened. If you have not seen this movie yet, do it now. Time well spent!

I picked this novel few years back, more for my book collection rather with intentions of reading it actually.This book fell in the list of "some other day". Till date I have not read the book. I heard all the reviews talking about religion and philosophy and in my life then I had least interest in these.Last year when this movie was released, I did wanted to watch it. Just because I love movies made from books. But surprisingly I read bad reviews about this film and eventually this fell of my list of movies to watch.This year it got back on my list, simply cause I have been reading a lot about the director Ang Lee which are floating around the social networks and I decided to see his work.I really loved the movie( I would have loved the book even more if I had gotten myself to read it).A story of survival, religion, imagination, beliefs and most importantly how much a human wants to stay connected to something, anything a living or non-living. If you were to compare the movie with "Cast Away" I would say they two are unique in their own ways. I loved the ordeals of surviving a ship wreck, and stranded alone in the Cast Away movie more than Life of Pi. In both the movies protagonists connect with something they think is their own reflection. Something that keeps them alive. In Cast Away its a football and in Life of Pi, its a Bengal Tiger. They have conversations with these, they bond with these. Thinking of which, how much a human needs to be connected? How much a conversation with the other keeps you sane? I myself at times( ah who am I kidding with, most of the times), talk with my pet or with myself when am alone. These very "HUMAN" aspects are brilliantly portrayed in this movie." Words are all I have left to hang onto. Everything's all mixed up, fragmented, can't tell daydreams, night dreams from reality anymore ." And does a human stop there. They form a relationship. They show their emotions, tantrums, just to feel alive. And then goes way beyond to expectations. At the end of their journey when the protagonist and tiger survive and reach an island, he cries out loud not cause he is alive, but cause the tiger left him without saying a goodbye. The entire movie runs on this theme of "never getting a chance to goodbye". This scene is the best of all." I suppose in the end, the whole of life becomes an act of letting go, but what always hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye. " The ending is what makes the movie stand apart. Pi narrates two stories of what actually happened. One is what we see in the movie and the other is a more realistic story that everybody especially people who are way too logical can believe in. This puts both the stories in question as to which is true. Director/ author did not leave the choice to us to decide which story is true. Rather the question is which story do you prefer to believe in? Both are stories of survival, and at the end Pi survives, after losing his entire family and past in a ship wreckage." Without Richard Parker, I would have died by now. My fear of him keeps me alert. Tending to his needs gives my life purpose. " At the end our belief system, religion are all stories. Stories that came out of imagination or mostly from real-life experiences. How you narrate it to yourself or others, is what makes the story or the experience interesting, I need to dig my collection to read the book now!

Ang Lee directs the previously though un-filmable book to the big screen, Life of Pi. How it comes to life is breathtaking; an ingeniously woven tapestry of incredible visual elements and powerfully adept storytelling, all to the affect of discovering the greater meaning of being alive in a situation you would rather die in. It's an art movie that many audiences will love simply because of the gorgeous visuals, memorable character(s), and incredible spectacle. But for those looking for a deeper, meaty, and memorable movie going experience Life of Pi has you covered. No other movie nominated for best picture at the 2013 Oscars has perplexed me, moved me, made me reflect and think, and swept me away within its lush, visual imagery and unique storytelling. It's a film chock full of metaphor, visual imagery, and raw emotion. But this isn't a discussion of the film's many layers of religious undertones and imagery, but a review. I'll keep it that way!First off is director Ang Lee's incredible talent on display (for which he won Best Director - 2013). I have yet to read Life of Pi but from what I've heard from friends and book junkies is that Life of Pi is an incredibly complex, almost muddy in direction, novel which many considered un-filmable. What becomes of this epic tale of survival is a clean and expertly directed film, with all of its themes and underlying tones hidden within the visual landscape and story. It's not a force-fed experience, but rather one where you must process the vast array of information and make your own judgment on some of its less touched-on ideas. Whatever creative process Mr. Lee went through to bring this incredibly complex adventure to life is beyond me, and that's a true testament of the genius on display. You can't talk about Life of Pi without discussing the incredible visuals. Winning both Best Cinematography (2013) and Best Special Effects (2013) at the 2013 Academy Awards, I had high expectations going into Life of Pi. The film starts off, simply put, like any other PG-rated family film. I was nervous that it was going to be a bust. Where the film takes the viewer is someplace completely unique and unexpected. Without spoiling some of the finer moments, Life of Pi has visual panache to spare. There are some incredible moments that are rendered and recreated with such life-like detail that getting lost in Pi's tale is tremendously easy. Its visuals dazzle, but don't distract its storytelling, unlike other films (namely Avatar, which is a visual marvel but hardly a groundbreaking example of storytelling). One of the main strengths in Life of Pi is Richard Parker, the Bengal tiger that accompanies Pi during his quest. Little did I know that that 90 percent of his screen-time is completely computer animated. And it's not just that, but the rest of the film; the water effects, the tumbling ship, various animals; all of it is incredible. It maintains a perfect balance of realism and a dream-like quality. Some of the scenes are also shot with incredible vision and beauty. It's simply the most beautiful cinematography of any film last year (other than the Hobbit). I have nothing but praise for Life of Pi's cinematographer and special effects team.But no story is worth being told without great characters and actors to tell them. Life of Pi's Suraj Sharma (Pi) is absolutely fantastic. Emotional, powerful, and sincere; he is one seriously talented actor for never having been in a role before...ever. While the beginning of the film features a quick romance between Pi and Gita, featuring its fair share of awkward exchanges, its nothing annoying. Pi and his incredible story is what you see 90 percent of the time. It's his story of finding faith in the darkest of times, discovering courage where none should be present, and having the will to continue to live. The rest of the supporting cast does just fine in their various roles, aiding along the telling of a most grandiose adventure. Everything else is spectacular as well. The original score (also winning the Oscar for Best Score - 2013) fits the pages of Pi's story like clockwork. From the moving "Pi's Lullaby" to the gorgeous and ethereal "First Night, First Day", the original score never distracts but rather augments the experience, creating some of the most beautiful audio-visual-scapes in any film from recent memory. Sound editing is particularly fantastic. Crashing waves, minute sound effects; it's all done particularly well, especially in its transition to home video (aside from a couple of weird boom adjustments made mid scene that distract the acute ear). And boy, I can only imagine the splendor of the 3D this film had to offer but I, regretfully, was not able to see it in theaters, only on Blu-Ray. The one issue I had with the visual presentation was this, also noticed by Blu-Ray.com: "There are two spots in the film where the aspect ratio changes suddenly from the normal 1.85:1. During the "flying fish" sequence that was used as a teaser for the movie, the top and bottom close in to 2.35:1, and there's a single overhead shot of a whale passing beneath the lifeboat that inexplicably squeezes in to a window-boxed 1.33:1. I'm not sure what the rationale was here, so I can't really comment on it, but don't be alarmed by the out-of-nowhere framing changes." In layman's terms, the film goes from a whole-screen experience to having the black bars on the top and bottom and sides during two scenes, which is fairly distracting. Where Pi finishes his journey is up to you to discover and interpret. Where it stands for me, personally, is my favorite film of 2012. Visually spectacular, incredibly engaging, intricately told, and masterfully directed, Life of Pi was a massive gamble that pays off in more ways than one. It's an absolute classic.

With four people bringing the life of Pi Patel to the big screen, no wonder no Oscars were given out in the Best Acting category. All four seem to function as a unit as the oldest one tells the story of an amazing adventure to a writer who has been told that Pi has an incredible tale to tell. The lack nominations in the acting categories is made up by the four Oscars Life Of Pi won this past year in the technical categories. The computer graphics are something else.Like Gloria Stuart retelling her life as a Titanic survivor and the audience seeing Kate Winslet playing it out on the big screen, Irrfan Khan recounts his surviving a shipwreck where he and his family are taking a bunch of zoo animals from India to Canada where the Japanese freighter they're on is sunk with all hands lost.Young Suraj Sharma manages to swim to a floating and empty lifeboat which turns out not to be so empty as a few of the zoo animals also make it there. Including a young and hungry Bengal Tiger cub who is very hungry. I won't say more because at this point the computer graphic special effects takes over. Some miracles are provided, but maybe the biggest miracle of all is that the tiger and Pi decide they really do need each other. Pi who checked out all forms of religious beliefs calls on all the Deities he's learned on for help. The biggest help granted is if not a change of nature, a curbing of the carnivorous nature of the tiger to save the Life Of Pi.I was kind of lost at the message part, just what director Ang Lee was saying about nature and nature's God to use Jefferson's phrase. But the technical achievements of the film truly do dwarf whatever message that was being told about life. Those achievements have vaulted Life Of Pi to the top of the cinematic world and it's likely to remain there.

i did not watch the movie in 3d format and am not aware of "technical" beauties.the scenario ,indeed is interesting but in my opinion not well performed.The whole thing has become a "cgi" show.the identification of the characters through animals is a very good idea but the audience can not capture the feeling ..it has been left near to the surface..a shallow thing.Such movies should dig out the characters more intensively..The scenes with cook in the ship before the storm should have been more"inside the thing"..ı like Ang lee movies..liked this one too.But does not fulfill my expectationsso finally sure not a bad movie,but might have been made better

The Life of Pi which we saw over the weekend appeals to those of who are plagued by the larger questions of life and its difficulty. It is a HUGELY profound film BUT one has to enjoy that type of intellectual challenge to take the time to analyze, walk through its weeds and see the depths of its thought. Reading what others say about it online is helpful to understand the depth and varying opinion about it. Some things about its essence were not clear to me. The more I thought about and discussed it with others who have seen it the more I can appreciate its brilliance. Ang Lee the director won the Oscar for best director. I surely can see why.I think to get the film's maximum experience one should see it, if possible, in a theater with 3D disposable glasses the theater hands out or view it in IMAX. Viewing it with 3D glasses makes it a stunning visual experience as one sees, for an example, birds flying in the most vivid color directly in front of you to touch. 3D makes Pi amazing.It is about man, animals, the universal creation and every living thing's challenge to survive within it. One sees life's diversity, gorgeous complexity but continuously asks why we as sentient understanding beings are left to forge though it seemingly alone with the constant companion of suffering and death.I believe the major thrust of the film is contained in the Biblical story Job. It is about man's quest to understand and give meaning to the vicissitudes of life without losing faith in a God in the face of life's table of tragedy spread out before us. It is man's quest to find the meaning in life to give it purpose and help us when we are weaker than what life visits upon us. The protagonist a young Indian boy named Pi Patel is constantly thinking about the same things and even becomes a Hindu, a Christian, a devotee of Islam and even Kaballa Judaism in his quest to seek personal answers and peace. The film is available On Demand on TV BUT without the 3D glasses one does not gets, the visually awestriking experience. I may see it again on TV so I can re-see the thoughtfulness behind the movie albeit not in as visually appealing form. I give this film a thumbs-up IF and ONLY IF those aforementioned things usurp your consciousness as they do mine and if you are prepared to think hard about what the film is offering. To some it may seem like a children's movie but I suggest it is far from that. It could be seen by children but they would not have the sophistication, ability to question life and the experiences of it that only an adult could possess.

...are joyously outweighed by its sheer visual brilliance and embrace of life and love. Being a translation of a novel means "Life of Pi" can be, at times, a bit confusing perhaps, but the overall narrative remains strong, and the protagonist is such a rich, well-defined character that the viewer can't help being drawn into the story. I won't belabor things; others have done that quite nicely elsewhere on this site. Let it simply be said that this is a film that any cinemaphile will enjoy, perhaps even despite whatever prejudices or predilections they may suffer. I can't comment on the 3D, since I saw it flatscreen, but when I get the opportunity to see it that way, you can bet I will.Highly, highly recommended.

As is obvious from the number of rave reviews this film LIFE OF PI was are sounding success in the theaters when it was shown in 3D. There is no question but that the story, so well known over the past decades since the publication of the book of the same name by Yann Martel, draws everybody in, whether because of the indomitable spirit of our surviving hero or the religious aspects of the story. Perhaps because of all the hoopla about director Ang Lee's manipulation of CGI effects and the endless interviews about the making of the film that make the final product (on DVD at least) seem so contrived and unreal that some viewers will find the end product less than satisfying a version of the novel. David Magee sculpted the screenplay from the novel and while that provides a lot of background about the character of Pi before the main event of the lost at see episode, it does seem disruptive at times and in this viewer's response robs the story form some of the poetry.The story has been summarized elsewhere as follows: 'In Canada, a writer visits the Indian storyteller Pi Patel and asks him to tell a story. Pi tells the story of his life since he was a kid in Pondicherry, India and the origin of his nickname. One day, his father who owns a zoo tells his family that his business is not good and he had decided to move to Canada and sell part of the animals in the United States. They travel in a Japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue, there is a storm followed by a shipwrecking. Pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra, a orangutan, a hyena and a male Bengal tiger called Richard Parker. They are adrift in the Pacific Ocean and when the tiger is hungry, he eats the other animals. Soon Pi learns that he might find a way to feed and domesticate the tiger to survive.The character of Pi Patel is played for the most part by Suraj Sharma while his earlier years embodiments are shared by Ayush Tandon and Gautam Belur and the adult storyteller by Irrfan Khan. Pi's parents are played by Adil Hussain and Gita Patel and his brother Ravi by, depending on age, Ayan Khan, Mohd Abbas Khaleeli, and Vibish Sivakumar, Rafe Spall is the writer who will create the book from Pi's story, and for a few brief moments Gérard Depardieu plays a Cook on the ship.There are some very beautiful scenes of skies and waterscapes, but we are left wondering how much of this is carton created in the large studio tank that serves as the ocean. Some of Martell's original explanation of the various religions Pi adheres to are retained: they were the best part of the novel. Perhaps in 3D this film would have worked better. Grady Harp

When I went to watch this movie, of course in 3D in the big screen, I just knew it was gonna be brilliant. And it was. In fact is the first time I can tell the 3D effect accomplishes what 3D effects are meant to accomplish: To involve you even more in the movie... I've read out there in Metacritic a guy saying ''you don't watch this movie, you just live it'' and that's what I felt exactly. In many cases, like the storms, the whale and many others I felt so involved in the movie I could almost touch things! The storm was perfect, one of the best storms put in film. So... effects in this movie are just PERFECT. Period. It really worths the 3D. Acting is also very pleasant and nice. The 3 actors playing the role of Pi are amazing. They've got the essence of the character perfectly. Sometimes I even forgot I was watching 3 different performances. The side characters, while not as important as Pi... are so nice and likable too. Really got involved with the family, very realistic. The romance with the girl was subtle but really nice. In this case I can add Ang Lee really knows how to tell the story... I mean, it was a book before, so Ill give credit to the actual writer. But talking about the movie... they never stay so much in the things they're not the focus. The focus is the Life Of Pi, which I can tell, I just loved how resumed is the title, it tell everything in the movie without saying anything at all. That's what a good title should tell by start. The art, again, outstanding. They really deserve that cinematography Oscar. Scenes are unbelievable, you can see they decisions they made in every single case... they were in everything. Talking about the bas stuff, just a little, maybe the CGI was obvious in some cases... you could tell whenever the Tiger was real or CGI. But it was subtle, I guess it's OK anyway. The music was really delightful, what disappointed me a bit is the lack of personality in this... I mean i remember is kinda ''epic-Indian music'' I remember the flutes... but nothing more. Don't get me wrong, is really nice to hear and follows perfectly the story, but is not memorable. You can hear this kind of themes in a lot of Indian based stories... when I knew they won an Oscar for the soundtrack... I though I would here something really memorable, like that melodies that stick hard to your mind. But it was good anyway. A really amazing tale, epic some times, lovely. It reminds me a lot of the Big Fish. It doesn't matter the story, at the end you decide what to believe. And believe me and go to check this one out! In 3D if possible!

Yann Martel's novel, Life of Pi, had long been considered unfilmable until Oscar-winning director, Ang Lee (Brokeback Mountain), did the impossible. He (with an adaptation by screenwriter David Magee) has made a visually stunning adventure about ultimate survival and the meaning of existence in the universe. It is a unique film experience and one that requires openness and a certain suspension of disbelief.Pi is an impressionable young boy whose exposure to religion develops into an embracing of more than one faith much to the consternation of his father. The family owns a zoo in the French part of India and one day are forced to uproot their lives and head to Canada by cargo ship. During a powerful storm, the ship sinks and all hands are lost except Pi, orphaned and stranded in the middle of the Pacific Ocean with no help and a lifeboat filled with an unlikely manifest: wild animals including a tiger, oddly named Richard Parker. An unusual dynamic plays out as Pi struggles to stay alive in the elements and contend with the ferocious beast. As the hours turn into days and then weeks, Pi, left with only his instincts and ingenuity, is forced to improvise and utilize all his survival skills amid dwindling supplies. When hope begins to fade for rescue, some unlikely, awe inspiring events occur that mean the difference between life and death.Lee, no stranger to computer generated effects (Hulk, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon), has done a major accomplishment here by adapting the challenging logistics of the source material and making it accessible and compelling to an audience. He is no doubt aided by incredible advancements in special visual effects that form a significant portion of the film and recreate unforgettable moments including the fatal storm and the sinking cargo ship, the wondrous, luminescent phenomenon at night, and the depiction of animals in the lifeboat especially the tiger, Richard Parker, who becomes a major character. Some of the imagery is remarkable in 3-D.Suraj Sharma is quite convincing as the young Pi; it's a one man show for a majority of the film. The story, told in a flashback, is about Pi's ascension to manhood, and he is in essence is a citizen of the world, not having been bound to any one religion. His curiosity and spiritual journey serve to make this an allegorical tale, and it is his relationship with Richard Parker that serves as a foundation to the story. He wonders about his deadly companion and ponders the question, "Do animals have souls?" In essence, Parker is Pi's Wilson (from Castaway) but with a soul. Pi's interaction with the ocean is not unlike the solitary figures in The Old Man and the Sea and 127 Hours, in which mother nature can be lovely and deadly, giving and taking, a sort of protagonist and antagonist.There are unanswered questions. What really becomes of Richard Parker? And are we to believe this fantastic tale as fact or fiction or a warped truth? Is there a more plausible explanation? Maybe that's just the point of the story: that life is full of questions and wonder, and sometimes truth is stranger than fiction no matter how unlikely it may appear. Audiences who are willing to completely open their hearts and minds, will find a rewarding experience in this tragic yet fascinating exploration into the miracle of life. And the movie does look hauntingly beautiful.

Finally 'got to watch Ang Lee's 'Life of Pi' based on Yann Martel's classic novel. This is perhaps one of the few films that pays attention to detail in order to be as true to the book as possible. Of course filmmakers take cinematic liberty and there's nothing wrong with that as long as the final result matches up at least to what the book accomplishes (which isn't the case with most Hollywood adaptations). 'Life of Pi' is perhaps as accurate a film can be to its original. Now we come to Ang Lee and his art team's fantastic imaginative visualization. It's all about the details. While the CGI images look terrific, I also loved how the live images were captured, especially the colours of India. A majority of the film takes place at sea but even there colour plays a significant part. The detailed CGI designing of the animals especially the characters on the boat is impressive.Newcomer Suraj Sharma delivers a sincere performance. Irrfan Khan and Adil Hussian are great. Tabu is terrific in a small role. The child actors are very good too.For those who haven't read the book (read it if you haven't) and those who have, while 'Life of Pi' is a beautiful story of survival, in the end it's more about how imagination and how that alone can keep one alive when all else is lost.

Life of Pi. Where to begin? Life of Pi is probably most known for it's stunning visual effects after picking up Best Visual Effects and Cinematography at the Oscars. So, that is a good place to start. The cgi is INCREDIBLE! The tiger looks unbelievably realistic and some of the landscapes are breath-taking. This visuals are commonly compared to Avatar. Life of Pi's are far supreme. The story is also brilliant yet simple; a boy and a tiger trapped on a boat. It does not hold up to the claim that it will 'make you believe in God' yet it is a heart-warming tale with a thought provoking final twist. The script does not stand out compared to the visuals but is witty and emotional and hooks the viewer. This is a Hollywood blockbuster yet mainly consists of an Indian cast that aren't very well known. I feel that this is a bonus because you do not see Pi as a Hollywood superstar but, instead, as an average boy. This doesn't mean, however, that Suraj Sharma (actor who plays Pi for the main section of the film) acted to the standard of a normal boy. The acting was very good (not award worthy) and was clever as Pi was mainly reacting to a CGI tiger. The music is also very good and fits with the cultural style of the different locations. However, I wouldn't say that it deserved the Oscar for it. This film is a visual feast to remember but is also a lot more - a story that will stay with the viewer long after the film and a script and acting that fits well. This is a real achievement for director, Ang Lee, and he truly deserved his Oscar. This film is a real gem and deserves more popularity than it has been given.

I had doubts about this one - many people said that it was stupid and boring, and that it would end up as a turkey, a flop. Sadly I did not watch this one on the big screen, but waited for a blu-ray release so that I may watch it at home, in peace - what I found out really took me by surprise! This story was very deep and heart breaking, a story about survival facing impossible odds, in the middle of the open seas with little food and water, and a lifeboat that's more hostile then the sea below it.The real movie-turner here was the ending, when Pi's story isn't taken well by the insurance agents ( since it's much too fantastic) and he explains that the whole story is in fact a metaphor - the animals were in fact people, and the tiger was in fact Pi himself. This made the movie even better in my eyes, and answered some questions about the story itself, and the ''real'' story was much too horrific to be displayed outright - a fact even the Japanese insurance agents seem to acknowledge. Pi is shown as a great story teller, and all pieces fall into place, all of this giving us a very solid, heart-warming story, and it's up to the viewer to decide which story is true.There were some bad points to the movie of course, simple things that could have been done better: The use of CGI was obvious at some parts, but still I can't remember seeing better animated animals in any other movie ( I'd still go for live animals any day, and if a real tiger was used this movie would score a solid 10 for me - I understand that safety is primary when working with big, dangerous animals, but a LOT of movies have used trained bears, lions and tigers before, with great effect)All in all I'm very pleased, especially after I learned that M. Night Shyamalan was not going to write and direct this project - that would have been... a DISASTER :/

The truth is, after Pi killed the cook, he actually ate "his mother" to survive to the terminal.In the second story, Pi represented the courage, hope, persistence, sort of positive energies. However, the tiger as "evil",represented another part of himself. He actually killed the cook, because the cook killed his mother. it seems like the second story all about.But it was not Everything.So what was the tooth about? the shape of the island?,the flowers?etc...... And if the tiger as the "Evil Pi" suddenly came out and killed the cook, the Righteous Pi could let the tiger go, because the killing was over, however he did not. Why the tiger had stayed til he was safe? BECAUSE The tooth... etc, represented the different part of his mother's corpse.the beautiful views were illusions of the process of eating his mother.the the tiger,as "evil" had to stay until he was safe. did not need to eat his mother anymore.That's why the tiger left so quick to the jungle, because Pi did not want the evil to stay in his heart any longer.It's the sorrow story, tell us what human can do in the extremely condition. However, we can also see the positive energies, like courage, hope, persistence.Ang Lee tells the cruel story from a beautiful way by Metaphor. He wants us to know that, everyone's heart has an evil, we have to control it. Believe god, believe there is some good in the world, and it is worth to pursuit!

Life of Pi was one of the most enthralling and visually stunning film that had brilliant story-line , powerful performances with decent screenplay.Pi (Suraj Sharma) is left alone on a life boat after his ship wrecks only to be in the company of a Bengal Tiger , a hyena , a Zebra and an orangutan. He must fight for survival in this adventurous and epic journey which makes him realize the ultimate purpose of life.Oscar winner director Ang Lee has taken one step ahead and done a fantastic job to adapt a novel and turn it into a beautiful movie. The movie is engrossing right from the beginning and certain scenes will keep you on the edge of seat. The brilliant portrayal of chemistry between the tiger and PI is the highlight of the film. You will feel that a man and a beast can be a good friends but ultimately the question might that can we make animal our best friend ? The movie begins with PI telling the story about his adventures in the flashback. The childhood of PI where he begins to believe in different religion , his search for truth and his journey from India to the ship has been executed brilliantly. The moment Pi encounters the ship-wreck and left alone on a life boat with wild animal , the movie takes a complete U-turn and depicts the relationship between tiger and Pi brilliantly. Soon , they develop a special bond which eventually breaks in the end. It is at this place where I felt the emotion content is missing and sympathetic feeling is mixed where Irrfan Khan expresses his concern for not receiving proper goodbye from the tiger. I felt this movie was great but not spectacular which would want me to see it again and again. However , screenplay is crispy keeping you entertained , art direction is heavenly , cinematography is awesome capturing the gorgeous locations and images , visual effects are the highlight of the film and is award-worthy. Suraj Sharma does a superb job as a newcomer. Irrfan Khan gives his best. Tabu is good.Overall , very nice film which was visually enthralling and asks a lot of questions to the audience. It is up to us to decide the answer. Good 3.5/5

Life of Pi tells an incredible, or maybe unbelievable, story of a shipwrecked young Indian, by Ang Lee. Definitively a master piece of imagination and storytelling. You'll be captivated.The 3D, considering the subject, is incredibly well done. No mistake at all there. It is mostly invisible, yet it will take you breath away on a number of occasion, and it helps you dive in to this marvelous adventure.Nothing to criticize on this movie, everything is done extremely well. The "tell me your story" part is sort of weak and an over used plot strategy, but it works here. The subject matter might not be interesting to all, but it can be enjoyed by all. Open your heart, your mind, and your imagination to this tale, and you won't regret it.A must see. The preview doesn't do it credit.

Fantastic portrayal of relationships between man and animal. Moving from young Pi's interest concerning religion through to mature experience of loss and gain.The depiction reminded me of the story of Jonah and reveals how man often feels afflicted. As computer graphics are becoming increasingly difficult to separate they contribute neatly to the films sense of mystery...Another remarkable although unsurprising fact was expressed by how incredible it eventually seems to appeal. Overwhelming tale providing insight which is rarely attained. Highly recommended and above all eye-opening!

This is perhaps one of the most spectacular movies of 2012, in every aspect. Best of Ang Lee up today... Cinema is the dream factory of the human mind and he did a marvelous job with adding a meaning to it.Forget all about the special effects you've ever seen in a movie, this one dazzles you in every scene... It is an effort to reach the unreachable, but it's there right in front of your eyes.So aesthetic that some scenes including the credits are each a wonderful painting themselves...I won't bother to tell the story, or what "The Story of Pi" is trying to tell you, but if you watch it, you'll see that you're awakened from a colorful dream of your life.I wish I'll hear the words : "And the Oscar goes to the Story of Pi and Ang Lee..." Thanks to all who've contributed this movie, the cast, the producers, the technical team, the cinematographers and perhaps to Ang Lee...

I was plainly dumbstruck at the ability of a man to visualize. It obviously is a visual delight! What it does is that it takes you into the narration of an unusually transcendental story. This is the story of multi-layered emotions, struggles, joys, co-existences and of love affairs between the lives of both living and non living. Rich symbolism is supported by stunningly lively frames such that you get drawn deep into it. Sorrow is one and hope is another; tragedy is one and courage is another; unexpected is one and moving on is another; betrayal is one and love is another. Life of Pi touches and teaches all of it. Be a fool to miss this cinematic experience! Wow!

Films usually work upon the same mechanisms, it is what religion in old times simply used to warn against. In more typical dramas, the sin is acted out as some part of life, the more recognizable the better. This was fine for centuries, but the invention of the camera opened it up in great ways. More ambitious films visualize the experience or feeling as it arises, more or less vividly render the hell of it (think Lynch), usually with some the ambiguity and mystery it happens in real life.This is midway between the two ways.Framed with religion and the search for answers, the story here is of a young boy on a spiritual journey with his animal self. The boy has previously adopted religion, several in fact, and this deeper perspective he cultivates is the film we see. On a simple level, it is a story of survival, but so extraordinary that you know there's more to it, hidden depths. Visualized around him, we have a series of meditations inspired by the elements—in tempestuous seas, in the whale magnificent to behold but wrecks everything, in the magical, by day, inter- connected nature of the island but turns deadly by night.Visually, the experience has been more evocatively done in Tropical Malady, which is on the same journey to inner self (once more a tiger) and clarity. Greenaway has more puzzling symmetries. But it's a nice film to have, perhaps too clean and cutesy, but clean for a reason.Here's the caveat. The idea so simplified in the end, is that we can't know one way or the other, but here we are, loved ones perish, we continue to be tossed in an ocean of suffering, and that god is perhaps the more attractive story to grim reality, it provides purpose and color, soothes the soul on her journey. This explains the Disney cleanliness, as his mind not dwelling on death.The sentiment makes sense of course, but suddenly reduces.Going back, you will see this reductive logic in places, reductive because it IS logic. The most telling spot for me is the following, it is the one that should be the most emotionally powerful moment in the film, the most purely visual because it is directly of the boy's soul. Among the visual meditations, there is the one of him being submerged in the sea to the quantum level of soul where images bubble up and form everything else, he goes past the animals, past the symbols, and settles on the face of his loved one, all of it illusory.It is of course the feeling that has arisen in him, but see how it is rendered. Schematic isn't it?Not unlike its notion of god, which reduces in retrospect by too simple sense. So keep this film to heart, it has its heart in the right place, but imagine how you would do the swim. Zen starry waters without the Disney luminescence maybe? I have similar issues with Koyannisqatsi's constructed nature.The magic in it being what it is, not constructed, revelatory as it is.

or fairy tale. or only work of a great director. huge ambition. and magic result. it is perfect show. nothing more. the pure beauty of images seems be source for so many flavors. the crumbs from many films about survive in middle of ocean, the spiritual delicate veil, the young actor who does a memorable Pi, memories about pages of novel, the impression to discover definition of many feelings and events, the joy of details, the tiger and the boat as sign about Noah escape, all in a special light makes it a real art pillar of 2012. sure, special effects or 3 D are secret tricks for its success. but each remains color for a portrait. the hand of painter is same in every film. so, if you search a miracle, that is Ang Lee vision. and, more important, his extraordinary courage.

"He said you had a story that would make me believe in God." Pi (Sharma) is a young man living in India trying to find himself. After discovering Krishna he finds Jesus and has to convince his family he is serious about it. When his family falls on hard times they decide to sell their zoo and move to Canada. When an epic storm hits the boat they are traveling on everyone but Pi is lost. Now on a life boat with only a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker to keep him company he must figure out where he is and how to get to land. I have said before that 90% of the way you feel about a movie is the expectations you had for it going in. I expected this to be boring and I was not excited about it at all. Almost from the beginning it had me interested and by the end had totally won me over. This is nothing like I expected at all. The movie is very religious and extremely deep and very thought provoking. By the end you are questioning everything you saw and leaves you wondering what to believe. That is the sign of a good movie, one that leaves you thinking about it long after its over. While I don't think this is the best picture of the year I did like it much much more then I expected and will say its one of the best of the year. Not bad for a movie that I expected to fall asleep watching. Overall, surprisingly good and very much worth seeing, you will be surprised like I was, the trailer does not do the film justice. I give it an A-.

In short, prepare yourself from the beginning to interpret everything that mind-dazzle you in the movie not only as an outstanding cinematography & visuals, but as a spiritual enlightenment as well ... if you didn't do that, you'll miss the whole point behind the incredible script & there's a big chance that you'll be very confused by the ending & you might need some explanations (& some Google searching) to get it ..And if you didn't, don't worry about it ... you'll still be very impressed with the visuals ... think of this movie's capturing images as the closest realistic version of the nature beauty & mind-dazzling visuals in (Avatar) ... Directing with brilliant, outstanding music, good acting ... But the script ( & the spiritual journey within) along with the visuals are what makes this movie a Must-Watch movie ... Definitely one of my favorite movies in 2012

My Rating: 9/10Enchanting, Spiritual, Great Acting and with Incredible Visual effects, Life of Pi is an amazing story of survival and courage and is backed up with some amazing visual effects, great acting, superb background score and some brilliant presentation of a movie by Ang Lee who has made a perfect move from a novel which was labelled as one from which a movie cannot be made out of, and Lee Deserves a lot of applaud for his devotion and brilliant contribution to this movie.The Story which is based on the novel written by Yann Martel is about a young spiritual boy named Pi Patel(Suraj Sharma) who is the boy of a zookeeper who lives in Pondicherry, but after some issues with their zoo in pondicherry, they decide to move to Canada and take the animals with them, but when they board the ship and after staying in it for sometime, it starts to sink and only Pi barely manages to survive in a boat along with a zebra, hyena, an orangotan and a Tiger named Richard Parker, and after the other animals kill themselves, it's only Pi and the Tiger who survive and Pi must find a way to tame Richard Parker and save himself from the gruel Pacific Ocean and somehow survive through this crises.Their are'nt many actors in this movie and the cast is quite small compared to most movies, but everyone has done their job's superbly, starting from Suraj Sharma who has portrayed the young Pi brilliantly and his acting throughout the crises time is amazing and he plays his character quite perfectly and has done a lot of good to his career with this. Irfan Khan also does brilliantly as the Present Pi who is grown up after that survival in the ocean and although much of his role is to narrate the story, he has done it superbly and its good to see the Indian Actors do well in this movie. Even Tabu( Pi's Mother) and Adil Hussain(Pi's Father) have done well to ensure that everyone in the cast has done extremely well with their roles. Last But Not the least the Tiger aka Richard Parker deserves a huge amount of credit and although i don't really know if its animated or not, but if its real then hats off to the trainer who trained him. Well, before this movie was released or was poised to release, there was a lot of talk of how the book cannot be depicted into a film, but Ang Lee has silenced those critics by making one of the most beautiful and visually thrilling movies of the past years which also consists of some great acting and some really brilliant presentation of survival and courage of Pi and Lee has done amazingly in all the aspects of the film starting from the cast(which is quite small and inexperienced) in which he has made Sharma act to his full potential, to the visual effects(for which although the visual effects team deserve the most credit) which are absolutely amazing and I really regret not watching this in the movie theatre, and the presentation of the movie is absolutely amazing starting from the first scene to the last, and the scene's of Pi and Richard Parker are absolutely amazing and visually enthralling. He Deserves the Best Director Oscar award this year and I'm Sure Life of Pi will get awards from many other categories as well.The Visual effects of this movie is one of the best visual effects i've seen in a movie and this movie was difficult to make mainly because of these quite impossible visual effects in the story, but it's perfectly shown by the visual effects team who have done an amazing job with the sequences after the ship sinks and this movie is bound to get many awards from the visual categories. The Cinematography In the Movie is also superb and the scene's shown of the pacific ocean are simply mind- blowing and the cinematographer Claudio Miranda has done a really brilliant job with the cinematography which also adds to the brilliant visual effects of the movie. The Screenplay of the movie written by David Magee is quite great and the dialogues are brilliantly delivered by the actors and the novel was quite brilliantly depicted in this movie with the help of the screenplay and Magee has done a great job with the screenplay of the movie. The Background music in each and every sequence is amazing and the survival scene's are really superbly backed up with the background score mainly consisting of Indian Instuments and the background music goes brilliantly with the visual effects of the movie which leave many awestruck throughout the movie and the Mychael Danna has done brilliantly with the background score of the movie.Well, I Really DO regret not watching this in the movie theatre and this probably has everything in it to please the audience and the visual effects and heart-warming story keeps one awestruck throughout the movie.

when a person believe that there is someone responsible for the existence of every thing and every body but he doesn't actually believe at any religion......that person should be pi-sen or pi .may be he loves Jesus and may be he can see the greatness of Islam and at some point he also liked being Jewish and he is actually a Honduran , a weird combination of a believer but it is not a weird thing of a city like India where every one may has his own religion.but if we have a little look to the other film makers we may realize that it is not really weird and i think it is intended.the novel writer is Yann Martel and he is a Catholic and the director is Ang Lee and he is a Buddhist a great intended combination of thoughts you will recognize when you see the life of pi and that is a true cinematic achievement for sure ..does the animals think of us like we think about them ?? is that possible that a relation between the Man and animal may Exists ??The most important thing of this film is it character. It is obvious because we are seeing for almost 2 hours just one character. So it is not only important to have a great character that appeals to the audience feelings, but to have a great script like that script ..Ang Lee took a novel which a lot of critics thought that it is impossible that it might be made as a movie someday and David Magee made a brief script which explain the novel from Lee's point of view ..many people may consider that the fearsome Bengal tiger presents some thing more than a tiger and that might be a true thing cause Martel tried to explain that you can't live without fear of some thing and that is the reason that pi said that he is a live till now because of the existence of that fearsome Bengal tiger in his amazing journey..he tried to tell us that without fear you can't survive in your life and it is a fact , you must fear and struggle also he showed us that a relation between man and animal could be exist but eventually it is a relation between an animal and the man ..and the best thing about that movie is that Lee let you to choose which story that you prefer the tiger one or the other story at the end of the movie so which one do you like most the realistic one or the the Imagined one and even which one of them is the real one and the imagined one for you ...the movie helps you to meditate generally especially when you experience it in 3D or Max and of course the visual effects played an important role .. the sound editing and was quiet and soft and it was Proportionate with the movie Ambiance which also may help you to Meditate ..the movie has 11 nominations but i don't think that it will gain more than 3 wins specially at the existence of other great movies like tango unchained and Lincoln and Le miserables and others ..i don't think that it will win the best motion picture of the year or best directing but another wins are waiting like the Sound Mixing and Visual Effects ..

We've seen many hit and miss 3d flicks.... movies with zero content... banking only on 3d... and definitely life of pi misses that list. The movie right from the start has a soothing effect and the screenplay floats effortlessly,revealing the story line, frame by frame. The movie portrays a cast away tale , staging the struggle for survival of the duo of a boy (pi) and a tiger (Richard Parker). The adventure breathes out intense moments between the boy , the tiger and the ocean. The premium 3d and sound effects are effectively used at appropriate places , amplifying the intensity and no where do we see an overdose of these effects which adds beauty to an already beautiful film.Some of the scenes are literally jaw dropping (when i say 'literally' i seriously mean it.. ).The animals are beautifully and originally showcased. The tiger's ferocity is canvassed brilliantly and the 'storm' scene needs a special mention for its masterful use of digital effects.The film crew have done a marvelous job in producing such a complete movie and Ang lee needs to be credited for reproducing a marvel from a simple script ,with descriptive complexities.If you are looking for a 'not so usual' flick, then life of pi should be your pick and preferably in a Dolby Atmos equipped screen.It is a definite dark horse for the Oscars in all the technical categories and a serious contender for the 'Best Movie' Award.(I had to use the word 'Beautiful' in this review multiple times because it is the only word which makes all the sense in describing this movie).Life of pi will definitely leave your lungs gasping for breath.....

Well what can i say? This film was absolutely breathtaking!I went to see it in 3d, i'm not normally a fan of 3d but in certain scenes it just absolutely took my breath away! It was one of those films where i didn't want it to end! The film went into a lot of detail into the main characters childhood which although interesting and definitely tantamount to the story, i did feel a bit impatient to get to the 'good bits'! take a hankie though, its a bit of a tearjerker in places! All in all a very enjoyable film and it will definitely be added to my DVD collection!I do recommend seeing it in 3d, even if you're not normally a 3d fan, as it will certainly add to your viewing pleasure!

As I stated in my comment on the movie "Jeff who lives at Home", it is sad how difficult it has become to come here in IMDb to discuss a good movie.In the past, I used to go to the board of a film, and find enthralling debates, and points of views about the point of view, the intentions of a filmmaker, writer. But now it all became so lame, so plain.Almost all the questions this film seemed to have raised is about the existence or no-existence of god. Surely the theme is there. But it's not all. What the film tries to instill on us is the fact that is so much better to be a believer.Sure, we all know that our lives is fulled of challenges. But what really makes us endure, and eventually be successful, is how we face these challenges. And the answer to success is always how much we do believe in ourselves.In the movie, it doesn't really matter which story is the true one, as so many people continue to try to clarify.From the beginning of the movie, since Pi's intention to change his name, what he shows us is that he's not going to comply, and will try until the end that he should not be mocked. He wants to be recognize as someone unique, and he's determined to do that. That's the same determination he later shows in order to preserve his own life, whether story is true.He shows us that whatever the ordeal is, however difficult life can be, we should never give up. We should never stop believing. The gods are only a metaphor. Something that symbolizes our strong will to survive.And even though everything should look doomed and desperate, being alive, our lives is always worth for fighting for. Until the end. No matter the odds. Even if we have to live with a ferocious tiger. Being it real, or a symbol of our hardships, whatever they'd be.Ang Lee is one of the most compelling directors alive today. He's always questioning the real values, our real humanity, our true sentiments. And he does so in such a subtle, sensitive way... This Taiwanese is the most human, humble,deep, and also fantastic director we have today.I loved this movie so deeply. And it's a shame IMDb is no longer, as it once was, a good vehicle to discuss the art of images and storytelling...That being said, I'm going to lie down now...

Ang Lee is a Master story teller. He has succeeded yet again to deliver us with an astounding piece of work. Beautiful story and incredible visual effects and scenery. The cast was wonderful. Life of Pi takes the viewer to a journey of magic and wonder. It also depicts the vivid and colorful world of India especially during the colonial period. I would have wished the script had been a bit better, and honestly speaking there were few moments it felt a bit too dragging...perhaps overly emphasized on emotional acting. This movie could have been totally perfect with a few improvements. However it still is a sensational movie and Ang Lee deserves all the credit and salute!!!

First of all; Life of Pi has very little appeal for movie goers unfamiliar with Yann Martel's novel. They will have to glean from whatever information is available before deciding whether to watch it in the cinema or buy on DVD.Second; movie poster is a "big heads in the sky over tiny people on the sea" type, and it doesn't stand out among the ones with catchier designs.Third; it casts two virtual unknowns--fierce looking Bengal feline and plain looking Indian boy (newcomer, Suraj Sharma). Which means there will be no attractive Hollywood celebs to ogle at and no sex scenes to anticipate.Fourth; the movie tagline is cliché--"The Journey of a Lifetime." It is so generic that it can easily apply to any movie off the top of my head: Castaway, Chronicles of Narnia, Titanic, Alexander, PathfinderLastly; the movie poster underplays two things that will most certainly sell the film, Ang Lee and 3D.**************************** But watch it anyway because Life of Pi is unlike any film Ang Lee (Taking Woodstock, Brokeback Mountain) has ever made, yet it is the most profoundly moving piece of cinema in his twenty years as a filmmaker. From the very beginning; lush evergreen and a mellow giraffe fade in before enchanting melody drifts across the airwaves--it instantly captivates, right until the very last frame. I would have liked to describe Life of Pi as a genteel; romantic cousin of Slumdog Millionaire but that would be off base. Both exude different energies. One is extroverted and dynamic, while the other is intuitive and intensely dramatic.Adapted from Yann Martel's 2001 novel, this film is a 3D adventure fantasy drama based on adapted screenplay by David Magee (Finding Neverland). In broad terms, it tells the story of a 16 year old boy named (after a swimming pool in Paris) Piscine Molitor "Pi" Patel; and his journey as a shipwreck survivor, adrift on Marianas Trench--deepest part of the world's ocean.Story is told from one narrative viewpoint—an older, middle aged Piscine in a flashback as he recounts his 227 days ordeal stranded on the Pacific Ocean.He lives with his parents (they run a private zoo) and elder brother, Ravi. After an unforeseen land dispute, the family boards a Japanese ship in an attempt to sell their zoo animals around the world before settling as migrants in Canada. But a storm hits and passes; with his family gone, Pi finds himself stranded with a lifeboat and some animals. Hours turn into days; as he contemplates the difficult situation, thematic focus of this film unfolds. Separation, survival, self- discovery, the will to live, hunger and thirst, faith and belief all culminate in one of the most impeccably crafted bildungsroman I have ever seen.No one in recent years has improvised upon French Impressionism so spectacularly as cinematographer Claudio Miranda (Tron: Legacy, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) did in this film. We see a cloud filled sky blazing with azure before young, curious Pi plunges into the pool but imageries are never indulged for its own sake. Frame after frame; photography continues to fascinate by embodying important symbolic ideas and emotions of the story. Visual poetry in this film is mesmerizing, and I'll be damned if Miranda fails to bag an Oscar for it.There is a scene in the final act that brought me to snot dribbling tears. When Richard Parker stopped in his tracks at the edge of the jungle, right before he enters it. The fact that he has no human characteristics makes it poignant; the emotional impact came very suddenly, I wasn't at all prepared for it. cinemainterruptus.wordpress.com

I can't say any bad things about Ang Lee.This movie couldn't filming beautiful more than this.I am amazed from some scenes,i can't believe how could shoot that scene but if you're a director and you don't write your own screenplay you could face some problems.If you had average screenplay,you could turn to good movie not amazing movie.About screenplay i don't get why writer even put to god into the movie if this movie about just Pi's life i think,it will be more effective than this.There's nothing wrong little Pi's religion search but adult Pi has a big headline 'when i finish my story you'll believe God.Sorry,adult Pi but end of the story i think your success rate 0/1.000.000.If we back to Pi's story why its end Pi was a teenage?Yes Pi's survive is a big story but end of the movie we leaving Pi in Mexico's some hospital with nothing.A huge nothing,no family no money no home....How Pi turn to a successful academician in Canada or USA(we don't know that either) We have no idea.Ang Lee do his best but is it enough to get best motion picture award? We'll see

The middle part of the movie is an absolute 3D delight. I was floating in the ocean of stars and never felt so close to being part of a movie experience. Never felt really sorry for Pi yet I felt the pain and agony with him ... that was also a new experience for me.Very convincing acting, great use of cgi (I hardly noticed it) and how Ang Lee 'managed' the animals commands respect. Without reading the book (yet), the brilliant images and music made this movie a spiritual journey and makes me reflect on the way & will to live. Only have request: 2,5 hrs for 3D movies is a challenge for my attention span. The length of the beginning and the end part could have been better edited, more in line of the stunning beauty of the body of the movie. That's why it was not a 10 but I'm going to read the book and then see the movie again ... the rate can change.Recommend to find the biggest movie screen you can find and go for this Awesome Experience.

I suppose, In the end whole of life becomes act of Letting Go, but what always hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.\I think he is living everyday with that thing in his heart as a Son and as a friend to Richard Parker. I personally believe it was a slow movie, pictured in age old India, talking a bit here and there about faith (but not questioning religion), but a different perspective to the approach of Goodbyes, what we perceive as reality v/s what is one that you will believe. I wish I was not Pi or suffer to any of his situation be it with RParker or with his family or his issues with faith, the ordeal, watching one by one his companion go in the ship by brutal animal and lastly never had to say goodbye... its quite a load one carries.

Life of Pi is not your average Hollywood film. Most of all, because most of the setting in the film takes place in an ocean, with a tiger and a boy on a rescuing boat, as fellow companions. The movie is based on a screenplay by David Magee, who drew inspiration from a book by Yann Martel. Martel's "un-filmable book" could easily have resulted in one of the most boring and weirdest movies of all time! But luckily the person who sat in the directors chair was Academy Award-winning director Ang Lee! A man who has previously demonstrated his dedication and vision on movies such as "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and "Brokeback Mountain" which both won him Oscars! I haven't read the book, but my applause must go to David Magee who have managed to write such a beautiful and intriguing screenplay, and to Ang Lee! Lee has managed to keep a movie going and be alive, even though the movie is set mostly in the ocean on the same boat! Lee's dedication and visionary skills is clearly visible in every scene, every twist, every plot- turn, etc. etc. Ang Lee should probably win a third Oscar for this movie, if Spielberg doesn't nab it for his historical turn in "Lincoln". But still to Mr. Ang Lee: A job well done! In the visual department this movie manages to be groundbreaking! First of all, the cinematography is gorgeous even in 2D! I have literally just gotten home from the cinema and I regret not seeing it in 3D! But based on a handful of other reviews, I dare say the the 3D photography is simply out of this world! I wish Denmark had an IMAX-screen! The visual effects and CGI is also very well done and a joy to watch by the human eye! The set-production is astounding and so is the sound mixing and editing! This movie will probably nab a few Oscars in the technical category! Suraj Sharma plays Pi Patel and he does a remarkable job! He truly captures the essence of what it is like to be out in an ocean with a tiger, and he disappears into the role! Irrfan Khan also does a good job in the adult role of Pi Patel! There are also a number of good actors in this movie, most notably Gérard Depardieu who has recently just turned Russian! When you mix all these things together you get an astonishing experience, probably one of 2012's best movies! I'm a bit late out considering that this movie only premiered in Denmark a few days ago! This movie has received 11 Oscar noms and my conclusion is that every nom is deserving! This movie has brilliant and tireless direction, a fantastic lead actor, a great script, great visual effects, great cinematography... I could go on and on, but I'm just gonna say: This is a movie you do not want to miss. Go watch it and prepare to experience a movie who is going to become a classic! 10/10

Life of Pi is a story about a boy who tests his faith and beliefs while being stranded in the middle of the ocean after their ship got sunk by a storm. It's ought to be an inspiring tale to make one believe in God. In the end, there's only few questions to ask, but what made this spectacular is the amazing use of special effects and the direction. You do not always get a film as gorgeous and as highly enjoyable as this one. It's one of the best kinds of experiences you'll get in cinemas. It has real tension, humor, and emotional depth, but the real landmark here is the visuals that are undeniably spellbinding.The beginning is quite intriguing as it talks about faith and its morality, but the conundrum disappointingly ends up being less subtle in execution. Despite of that, we still get to see something extraordinary. One is a genuine fortitude in every suspenseful and emotional moment which practically compels the whole picture. The other is obviously the visuals. Ang Lee interestingly turned the survival into a whimsical and surreal exterior that made this look so remarkable like when the water perfectly reflects the stars in the sky or the lightning struck at the entire ocean during a harsh storm. The CGI-ed animals are amazing how they move and act like real animals. The enjoyable bits is when Pi interacts with those band of misfits. The film is in 3D and yep, there are plenty of things jumped off the screen(noticeably changes ratio aspect in one sequence), but it also shows some interesting use of it.There's only few things to say about this since I haven't read the book(rule breaker here), but I'll say it has the same root of Cloud Atlas. The message isn't overwhelmingly executed but the technical achievements and the direction made it a powerful cinematic experience. It could have been a much better experience if it's strong to its themes, but it's all stunning anyway. Life of Pi is a compelling cinematic journey with endless visual wonders.
