
A journey of reawakening in a Country like ours - Gore Vidal called it the United States Of Amnesia - the absurdity of the behavior in the Southern communities even the kindest ones have a jarring effect. Viggo Mortensen is sheer perfection as the all American Italian. The opening of his heart and of his mind is a total joy and Mahershala Ali provides another magnetic character to his already rich list of magnetic characters but what makes this film fly so high is the humanity that Mortensen and Ali infuse their characters with. I loved them and Green Book provided me with one of the most satisfying endings of 2018. It leaves you with the hopeful thought that perhaps we're not there yet but that we are on our way. Happy New Year!

We loved Green Book along with the sold-out crowd who applauded loudly at the end. Based on true story of piano virtuoso, Don Shirley's road trip through the south during the 60's, the film pays tribute to his genius and courage as a black man who tries hard to soar above the ugliness of the times. The elegant trappings of his home and his success as a concert pianist leave him arrogantly cold and lonely, but his life begins to change when he hires Tony as his road trip driver. With a history as nightclub bouncer with Mafia connections in New York, Tony is the antithesis of Don's perfection and their evolving relationship on the road makes the movie soar above the ordinary and become magical. Viggo and Ali in the main roles are remarkable, and it's funny and endearing to watch them discard stereotypes and discover their mutual humanity. What we liked best is the
movie teaches without preaching, it all unfolds through a myriad of natural moments between two great actors and a strong supporting cast. Top all this off with a really good soundtrack, excellent direction and production values, and an audience that laughed out loud and vigorously applauded at the end...this one is a true 10!

I saw Don Shirley perform in college in 1966. At the time I simply thought he was a hell of a pianist, using that bass and cello to come up with a unique sound. So when this movie came along, I thought "I saw that guy!" I know the critics are being hard on this film, but I sat for two hours, totally captivated. I know there are stereotypes. Could that be because the repeated actions against minorities and the actions of racists have become so commonplace they seem like stereotypes. I believe the performances of these two fine actor made the show. There is a subtlety to this movie that transcends many others of its type. Yes, there are Southern cops; yes, there are men's rooms that are off limits; yes, there are simplistic views of racism by white New Yorkers. But what I got was a realistic presentation of an evolving friendship. Shirley is abrasive and self-centered; Lip is clueless most of the time. And I believed in them. See this film.

I saw this at the premier at TIFF and was thrilled to learn the story is about a real friendship. This is not a typical road movie, or buddy film. Given the lead actors, I knew it would be something special, and it is. 
 Entertaining, funny in parts, hard to accept in others - as a white american who wasn't around in the 1960's, the racism was mind boggling and I couldn't help but feel shame. 
 Green Book has so many layers - family, culture, honesty, dignity, genius, respect, acceptance, stereotypes, racism, music, class, friendship, and fried chicken.
Whatever your views, race, or age - this film is not 'preachy', but you should appreciate an honest portrayal of a difficult time & place in history. 
I'll use the term an "unlikely friendship", but knowing the two men were real makes it fantastic. I'm so grateful to have learned about them and their lives.
I only wish there had been a Q&A afterward.

Green Book is a wonderful story of overcoming self-condemnation, and the resulting freedom it provides. As the film begins, Tony is locked in a prison of judgment and rejection, not from any conscious effort on his own but rather his circumstances and environment. As the self-assured and self-aware character of Dr. Shirley is introduced into Tony's life, Tony embarks on a journey of self-discovery in which he is forced to confront his own preconceived notions which ultimately stem from his skewed view of himself. As Dr. Shirley helps Tony to see himself as a man beyond his own limiting thoughts, Tony is finally able to step into his true nature as friend to Dr. Shirley.
Everywhere in this film we are reminded that people are complicated, but beyond these complications we are also reminded that everyone is the same, just looking for love and acceptance. The scene where Dolores reads Tony's letter to her cousins is spectacular in this regard. It's interesting that none of the other reviews mention the YMCA scene and aftermath, which for me was the pinnacle moment that the power shifted for these two characters confronting their own strengths and weaknesses.
This film is simply wonderful in its portrayal of humanity, and the people we need in our lives. While it comes to light that Tony's wife Dolores is completely aware of her husband's imperfections and shortcomings, she loves him just the same. But it is confrontation, not love, that is necessary to bring about Tony's redemption, demonstrating that the people who spur us to deep, personal growth are never who or what we expect.

Some of my movie friends were stunned when I mentioned in a thread that this was my "People's Choice Award" vote for TIFF 2018 (it won, btw). I generally go for weightier fare, so my being won over by a PG-13 road film with the familiar "they-couldn't-have-been-more-different" premise directed by the auteur co-responsible for such recent classics as "Dumb and Dumber To" and "The Three Stooges" elicited a virtual double-take.But I couldn't help it ... it really WAS the best film I saw (out of 17), and far and away the most entertaining. I think this is largely because it's based on a real-life story about the beginning of a lifelong friendship - a story that has writing participation by the son of one of the real-life characters. There's definitely an air of authenticity to the events as they unfold that could never occur with a purely contrived plot. Consider: A college-educated concert pianist of Jamaican descent hires a temporarily-unemployed Italian-American nightclub bouncer who's streetwise but academically dim to drive him to venues in the Deep South back in 1962. That's not a setup that a Hollywood script written from scratch would ever have come up with.The two lead actors really click. Mahershala Ali makes a nice Oscar follow-up playing the aloof pianist passenger to Viggo Mortensen's "b.s. artist" driver. Ali is certain to get another nomination; Mortensen's performance may be a little too broad to garner one, but he delivers exactly what's called for. And he makes a believable Italian-American, which is impressive considering that he's Danish.I'm allergic to preaching and heavy-handedness in movies no matter what the message, and with the exception of one borderline scene, I'd say that the movie nicely sidesteps these proclivities that surface so often in socially-conscious films.The music and FX are excellent. When an actor plays a piano player, there's always the challenge of making the playing look believable. It doesn't get any better than it gets here - Ali's piano playing is every bit as convincing as Margot Robbie's ice skating in I, TONYA. You never see a disconnect between hands and body as he's filmed against a variety of backgrounds. And if I could bet on an Oscar win right now, it would be Kris Bowers for Best Original Score. (He also supplies Ali's hands, which should clinch it.)Top everything off with a Capra-esque Christmas Eve finale and a closing line that sends everyone home smiling, and it all adds up to a monster hit. Its commercial payoff could be huge - the movie practically begs for a TV series spinoff, and the real-life characters remained friends until they both died in 2013.So congratulations to Peter Farrelly on his graduation from co-directing lowbrow fare to solo-directing middlebrow (i.e. mass-appeal) fare. You can't deny the talent and craftsmanship it takes to make a mainstream movie that works as well as this one does.

This picture should be up for BEST PICTURE. It has everything: great acting, solid script-writing (something that Hollywood really needs), and lots of humor. I wish that Hollywood would make more pictures like this.

... just that it's so inoffensive, safe, and cliche that I feel like I've seen it a million times before. Mortensen and Ali are terrific actors, and I am thankful for them. Without their charisma (and Viggo's willingness to shove insane amounts of food down his throat), I fear Green Book would be dead on arrival.Mostly, I think this is a movie that's desperately afraid of 'offending' anyone. For instance: if there's a scene with racist cops, there will also be a scene with a good cop down the road, just to make clear that the movie is not stating or suggesting that 'all cops are/were racist'. It's also funny that the good-cop scene happens in the snow, to let us know the characters are back in a blue state, where supposedly life wasn't so bad for a black man after all! This is one of the many simplistic moves that indicate to me that the filmmakers were willing to sacrifice the complexities of their themes for a feel-good entertainment.The script wants both characters to 'learn' from each other and eventually change and grow, but to make this happen, it turns them into unrealistic caricatures. It's a bit frightening how Shirley is portrayed as a complete ignorant of black culture, but it had to be this way so Tony can be the one to 'introduce' him to it. Tony's transformation comes simply from witnessing racism first hand, as if he never experienced such a thing in his life before - maybe another consequence of this being a blue state-red state movie??So besides the performances, that speak for themselves, I think it's a very uninspired effort. At one point the characters leave the car for no reason other than to have a dramatic confrontation in the rain, as if rainy night equals 'dramatic weight'. I saw it in a packed movie theater and people seemed to enjoy it. You can't blame them. The movie has a 'now everything's fine' conclusion that can leave audiences in a good state of mind - but it also
shows how simplistic it really is.

I saw this at TIFF and loved it from beginning to end. It's a moving true story about two people who forge an unlikely friendship. Thought-provoking but never preachy.

Outstanding true story film showing that color doesn't define us, but how we act ourselves and towards others, does.Great performances from the entire cast, especially Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali who were perfectly cast and convincing in their roles. It was also great to see comedian Sebastian Maniscalco in this film as well.Writer, director and producer Peter Farrelly nailed every aspect of this biography.The score, cinematography, sets and visuals were all on point.I'm not a fan of slow paced long films, but this was was close to an exception. I feel if the pace was picked up a bit and/or the 130 min run-time edited down to around 110 mins, this would have been a perfect 10 from me.Excellent drama and comedy perfectly positioned throughout the film.A well deserved 8/10 from me.

This film's core thought and social issues are obviously embodied by the African American pianist Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) who educated at USSR and hires a Italian-American bouncer Tony Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen) as his driver/ assistant for musical performance tour across the continent of US from the north (N.Y.City) to the south (Birmingham, Alabama) in post war era.
Two social issues are concerned here rather than the lack of literacy of the working class protagonist Tony. One is class relationship of the capitalist class and the working class; the other one is that the African origin and the Caucasian.
The family relationship (loneliness caused by Tony's tour assistant job which has an emotional effect between both Tony and his wife) is something additional to this core social issues concerned in this film.
Among all the locations they traveled, I personally familiar with Louisville, KY where the famous Muhammad Ali (1942-2016) lived as a hometown, KFC also headquartered in that town.
When Toni enjoys KFC fried chickens and throws its born and a coke away from the car window during driving on the town road, we can clearly know his disgusting bad behaviour that makes working class look like a bit unenlightened. It also makes us uncomfortable while seeing the film.
However, the fight scene in the bar at that town is a resemblance to what had happened to Muhammad Ali during his earlier age in Louisville that he was refused from entering a restaurant in that way.
Besides this, the abusive Caucasian police officers falsely flag and arrest Don and Tony at sundown town during car driving on the rainy day. This kind of racist tendency is also a typical everyday scene in the American society.
A capitalist/African American pianist Don teaches illiterate Tony during his job on the tour to help him sending far better written letters to his wife as a sign of Tony's personal development and improvement of his disgusting behaves.
The most tensioned moment of this film is when Don refuses to do the final performance after he gets discriminated by the conservative racist restaurant manager from entering the place for a dinner.
His brave decision to break the deal under such awkward business occasion is nether for the business profit nor reputation but it is for protecting his human dignity.
Remember making a decision is an essence of plotting and the entire story telling to express something important and identifiable for audiences and society in general.Of course, the film is not a far left class war stuff, it is ordinarily intended to harmonise both racial difference and class conflict with such happy ending. The entire framework of film construction is a typical capitalist one.

A very inspiring film. I walked out of the cinema feeling like there is good even in the unlikeliest of people.
The dialogue was well written, and the main characters were equally as loveable. Viggo Mortensens acting was only overshadowed by that of Mahershala Ali, whose portrayal of an educated african-american man living in 1960's america was both heartwrenching and absolutely hilarious.
While Mortensen stood for most of the comic relief, I found myself laughing the hardest from Ali's deadpan deliveries through the character of Dr. Shirley.The story of a black man who struggles to gain the respect of his fellow african-americans, while simultaneously resisting and pulling at the roots of the racism and oppression which keeps him from being as successful as the americans and europeans who should be his equals by all measures musical and educational.While the story and plot left little to be desired. I felt one or two jokes were shoe-horned in and would have been better discarded.
The visual tone was fitting to the film, but the camerawork was nothing out of the ordinary. Not all films call for out-of-this-world originality in all marks however. And this film allows the audience to focus on what is really important.

Who could've ever greenlit "Green Book"? A (mostly) true story of two men of completely different backgrounds overcoming their own prejudices and the stifling racism of the Deep South of the early 1960s. We'll hire a Danish guy to play an Italian guy, and a guy best known for playing a political fixer and a dope dealer (in "House of Cards" and "Moonlight", respectively) to play a Jamaican-American musical genius. And we'll have one of the Farrelly brothers direct it. How could that possibly become a great movie? Well, it does- primarily through the great performances of Viggo Jorgensen and Mahershala Ali, and the nuanced directing of Peter Farrelly. It confronts the racism prevalent at the time without becoming preachy, and shows its main characters growing through contact with each other, without a complete reversal of their characters (which would've seemed phony). Oh, and the movie looks great, too- the period cars, sets, and costumes really take you back to that time period. A film festival favorite, "Green Book" will hopefully be appreciated by Oscar voters, too.

I saw this film in a preview here in Calgary.I've seen Mortensen in films before and thought he was an okay film actor. His embodiment of Tony Lip is totally immersive. I not only believe his Bronx character, but depiction of Tony's growth as a human being is remarkable to watch. I can't say enough about Ali's performance as Don Shirley. It is nuanced and impressive.Watching these two characters interact and change each other is fascinating. This isn't just another road-trip buddy movie. It is funny, it is poignant and it is a brilliantly written and crafted film.The only drawback is, you will have to wait until US Thanksgiving to see it.

As a light-weight feel good film it works. However if you go into the cinema expecting something a bit more substantial then be prepared for disappointment. The biggest negarive for me was the fact that it is such a predictable movie. Without seeing it I could have written an accurate synopsis based soley on the premise.
Definitely overrated for the cinema but ok if you want something easy on the brain at home on a Sunday evening.

This film moves you from the start, pouring humanity at every scene. Well written, well acted, and historically so relevant and so timely. It's a great piece to remind us of the demons of racism and intolerance that plagued this America then and that still today shows its ugly head. This is Oscar material.

Just caught this as the surprise film of the London Film Festival. Such a well written drama with heart, soul and comedic touches, brilliantly performed by the two main actors, and given such an authentic 1962 shiny look to the film by the production designer and cinematographer.
A truly great true story with themes that all audiences can connect with - namely, music, family, race, sexuality, friendship and love - and Viggo Mortensen probably gives the performance of a lifetime. Will surely rival A Star is Born at the Oscars in many of the same categories.

I understad why a lot of critics don't like this film, but at the same time I feel like they're making up their minds about what they think the movie is - or should - be about. They (who disagree with the film) will say that it diminishes the horrors that the black community faced in America during the 50's - and because of that they think it's a bad film. But I thought it was a good film; in my opinion it's not a movie about Shirley and his struggles facing ruthless racism - it's about Tony Lip's psychologically reforming journey changing his mind about black people through the witnessing of Shirley's experiences. And it's that central story line the critics are disagreeing with and eschews the whole film on the premiss that it should've been about something else (Shirley journey - not Tony's).There are thousands - if not millions - of films about racism towards black people and their culture, and Green Book had a different perspective than the rest of them - by not focusing on the racism but on how the racism changed a man who wasn't a target of it. But that's obviously a big no-no according to these critics.To me Green Book is about a white man thoroughly changing his whole mindset about something that he'd been condition to abide to his whole life.

Right off the bat I want to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.the cinematography was beautiful with such rich color pallets. The score was wonderful and set the tone very well. Lastly the acting was incredible. Viggo and Ali shined in their roles and did a great job at portraying their characters.That said, in my mind the movie was nothing special. It was all very predictable and had a very similar feel to many other civil rights movies in which a black man and a white man start off the movie with a reluctant relationship and slowly warm up to each other as they begin to appreciate their similarities and eachothers troubles and eventually defy all social norms and become good friends. I'm not saying that they shouldn't have become friends because you can't rewrite history and this movie was based on a true story. I just wish that story telling was a bit more ambitious and delved into some of the ideas deeper rather thank making a well made but otherwise mediocre civil rights movie.

One of the reasons why I love this movie is simply because we are soooo much more. We as "Black" people have rich, intriguing, moving, and funny stories-I hate that we are sitting around waiting for the Next Great Director make movies in which the narratives do more than entertain. I hope Tyler Perry would be one of those innovative directors, but now I don't care who tells it-as long as it gets told. Thank you to the writer and director for such a moving movie that touches more than my funny bone.

The film, from which at first did not expect delight. The film, behind the ease of irony which hides a deep meaning. A film that you watch without stopping, although this is far from a blockbuster that you have been waiting for for years. It's all about Peter Farinelli's Green Book.The plot tells of a journey through the southern states of a talented black pianist (Mahershala Ali) and his bouncer driver, hired solely for this tour (Viggo Mortenessen). Minor at first sight and a little bydlovaty hero Mortensen during this uncomplicated journey becomes for an esthete pianist a true friend, support and even a treasure of useful knowledge about life and society, and he draws from the boss useful skills in aesthetics, love of art and good parenting.
The plot is very simple, the film looks incredibly easy. Dialogues are written ironically, absolutely not boring, but at the same time they remain filled with meaning for the viewer. The relationship between the characters is the main motive of the film. And how could so different people in all respects be able to become each other friends for life in a few weeks?It should be noted that the leitmotif of 'racism', which at that time was still extremely common in America, especially in the south, was incredibly subtly written. All these hotels are for 'colored', individual cafes, pools and even latrines .. the nuances of that time in the film are shown perfectly, and so that you yourself feel ashamed that this existed. I literally wanted to stand up and give the characters in the face in several scenes.Surprisingly, the director Peter Farinelli had previously shot mostly comedies (and mostly with his brother), and this is his first film in the comedy drama genre. From my point of view, he handled it perfectly and I would love to see what else he would film later, although I can't say before that I set him apart as an interesting director. Perhaps it was the fact that the film was made only by Peter Farenelli very strongly contributed to the 'nobility' of the picture in terms of humor.The funny fact is that one of the screenwriters of the film is Nick Vallelonga, his father was the prototype of the main character Frank (Tony Chatterun) Vallelonga. The script was written on the basis of dictation records made by Nick Vallelonga. Later on these records, Viggo Mortensen learns to speak Italian, because his hero is Italian.The film was shot in the spirit of the 60s, beautiful cars of that time are very well shown, the art of the costume, the receptions in the large houses of the rich public (some 'Gone with the Wind' is immediately remembered)This film is simple, kind, sincere. Without any strain, without life horrors, you know, where someone dies, someone is killed or someone is in prison. The atmosphere of the film is "soft" and light. You literally find yourself in this time, with terrific cars of all colors of the rainbow, men in flawless day costumes of all colors, gentlemen with whiskey at the bar in hotels listening to the brilliant pianist.The Green Book is not a picture of slavery, racism and humiliation, although it touches on these topics. The Green Book is a film about honesty, human dignity, true friendship and mutual support between people. The film is about the fact that it is very difficult to change the ingrained thinking of society alone, even if you are brilliant and famous.By viewing required.

This movie has it all......it's a true story done just right. The audience clapped and clapped when the movie ended and no one got up until the last credit rolled. It's hard to believe that this was 1962 and even more frightening to think that some of the behaviors in the movie are being duplicated today in this country. It's a movie that is worth seeing again and again, it's that good and realistic.

Green Book told a story that is simple and easy to understand, but in a larger scope it deals with serious issue. You don't always need to have a complicated or complex storyline to enjoy a good movie. While I'm not one that likes to see politics in movies much less talk about politics, however, this film approached the topic of race in a respectful and less obnoxious way. Many have said this remark before about the film, so I will continue it by saying it was well acted, well written, well told, overall great movie! Performances from both Viggo and Mahershala were profoundly enjoyable, envisioning real people that you almost wish you were able to meet in real life. The screenplay or writing for it was told once again with a lot of heart, but also found itself being a good personal, conversational script where you as an audience member can find yourself feeling like you could have a similar conversation with someone you know. One of the biggest aspects of this film that I found impactful was the key ethnic demographic as being an Italian-American myself, this all felt very familiar to me. On one side of my family, they experienced much of the same situations as portrayed in the film being an Italian-American family living in the 50's and 60's America where people were divided. Understanding that we are all the same, which are people trying to live their lives to the fullest regardless of the color of their skin. This film's story hit me really close to home, which made it feel like I had a personal attachment to it. In the end, I'm pleased with the film and that a story like this one can be for everyone to enjoy.

This is not a typical road movie, funny in parts, hard to accept in others.Green Book has so many layers - family, culture, honesty, dignity, genius, respect, acceptance, stereotypes, racism, music, class, friendship, and fried chicken. Viggo Mortensen brilliant performance.

This movie is not only smart and funny, it is incredibly watchable and enjoyable. The cars, the food, the clothes, the background music, the piano playing, the faces and voices of the character actors -- not a dull frame.To story, writing, directing --
This movie avoided the traps that road-trip buddy movies faceplant into. Scenes that easily could have been trite and corny were fresh and sharp. No punches pulled, people ground into the dirt and resurrected by sheer strength of will. Some of the events were so painful and unsparing that I had no idea how the movie would end.Another big thing, the movie wasn't cynical despite some of the ugliness it reveals. Faith, family, honor, are all part of the movie without being in your face. You'll fall in love with the characters.

There is nothing new in Green Book. The same story has been told many times by the Hollywood propaganda machine - improbable interracial friendships where the black man has to do all the emotional heavylifting in order to make our white protagonist slightly less racist. This "friendship" is ultimately portrayed as a mutual exchange of perspectives, where both sides manage to find common grounds with each other and come to understand their shared humanity.This is the archetype of the liberal humanist narrative, where power structures are conveniently ignored, and where political oppression and economic exploitation is reframed as nothing more than differences in culture and perspectives. As a result, according to this ideological narrative, the purpose of (liberal democratic) politics is reconciliation and compromise, as opposed to struggling for emancipation. The problems of structural violence and economic exploitation is reframed as individual prejudice and actions, which can be changed by respectability politics ("they go low, we go high") and this bland humanist appeal to the oppressor's conscience.This is the deeply ideological narrative of Green Book and countless other stories, from Driving Miss Daisy (1989) to The Green Mile (1999) to Gran Torino (2008) to The Help (2011), where the real problem - the irreducibly structural problem - is always erased in favor of a feel-good humanist drama that appeals primarily to middle-class white guilt. Year after year, middle-class white audience can walk out of these Hollywood films with a smug face, complacently declaring that they're glad that "racism is finally over."Many people defend this film by saying that there's nothing inherently wrong with a comedic and light-hearted approach to serious social and historical problems. What they're saying is not wrong. In fact, some of the greatest works of cinema (and art in general) is about people finding humor and spirit in extreme positions of subjugation and poverty. Yet these artworks depict poverty and oppression with acute social awareness and compassion, instead of flattening them into bland archetypes or straight-up ignoring them, which is what Green Book is guilty of.Here we have two characters - an educated upper-class black man who is completely isolated from the culture and social conditions of his people, and a racist working-class white man who is portrayed as a misguided good-hearted person. The class dimension is never explicitly challenged or fully confronted, especially Don's bourgeois sensibility. Instead, the film focuses on how the two can learn from each other and become better persons - Don becoming more down-to-earth and in touch with black popular music, and Tony becoming less racist. Yet the film never backs down from its pedagogy of respectability politics and never challenges its narrative of black exceptionalism. What does the film ultimately show about Don and Tony's friendship? It shows that only an exceptional, upper-class, respectable, talented black man can change the racist attitude of a white working-class man, and the film invites the audience to participate in its complacency, its classism, and its outrageous reductionism.The problem is not the humorous approach, but the absolutely reactionary myths about racism and racists that are perpetuated in this film, and the bourgeois complacency that this film engenders, which does nothing but reinforce the continued whitewashing and cooptation of the civil rights strategy, and the perpetuation of assimilationism, respectability politics, and reconciliationism.

I was fortunate enough to see this at a Directors Guild Screening last night. Wow!! Characters, dialogue, sets, costumes, cars..... really transported me to an era I had not experienced. I was sad when the movie ended... the mark of a great film. The scene with the fried chicken in the car was priceless. I could watch it 1000 times.I sense oscar nods for Mahershala Ali, Viggo Mortensen, art department, costumes, writer(s) and director. Absolutely amazing..... Do not hesisitate to see this!!!

Just seen Green Book at a Secret Unlimited screening at my local Cineworld.
Wow...what a beautifully shot and performed movie. The two leading actors, Viggo Mortenson and Mahershala Ali were brilliant.
I had no idea what to expect. I was more than pleasantly surprised.
Highly recommended viewing

It's frightening to think how far we came (past tense) and how far we've regressed when it comes to something like social equality. Many people would agree that Western, perhaps even Global culture has been regressing when it comes to acceptance and racial relations.To say that Green Book, a story about racial relations and acceptance (or lack thereof) is strangely topical, is also an oversimplification. What might be more strange however, isn't the timing of the film's release, or the fact that a story taking place in early 1960's America is contemporary, is the fact that the latest cinematic voice, the newest artist to reintroduce concepts like love and acceptance (concepts Mortensen said are "lost track of a lot these days" in the Q & A session after my TIFF screening of the film) ...is Peter Farrelly. Yes, that Peter Farrelly; the one who countless times teamed up with his brother to bring us trendy comedy classics like Dumb & Dumber, Me Myself & Irene, and There's Something About Mary.Green Book follows the story of a working class Italian-American, Tony Lip (Viggo Moretensen) who, after losing work as a bouncer, finds himself working for Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali), an African-American classical pianist on tour through the deep South of 1960's America. The two are the archetypal odd-couple, with Dr. Shirley being scholarly, fastidious and composed and Tony being what would seem to be an Italian-American cinematic stereotype; tough, loud, and brash.While we may not associate either of the Farrelly brothers with drama, audiences lately haven't associated them with comedy either. Recent releases such as Dumb & Dumber To, The Three Stooges, Hall Pass, even as far back as Fever Pitch had neither audiences nor critics waiting for the next Farrelly project. That changed for me personally when I discovered Green Book, and discovered that not only is Peter turning to more dramatic subject matter, but that his brother isn't a part of the project at all. "My answer was always 'when it happens'. I never planned what was going to be next, it was just a thing the universe brought you, dropped in your lap, it would be like planning when you're going to fall in love, you never know when it's going to happen" Farrelly told the audience at TIFF that he didn't actively seek out this project, it came up very organically, and that when he heard co-writer Brian Hayes Currie talk about the film, he knew it was a 'home-run' idea.He might be right. About everything. The fact that this idea came his way and just felt, the timing, his background; this film would not be the same without Farrelly's approach. That may seem self-explanatory, but what I'm addressing is the fact that this film needed the touch of a comedic filmmaker, or at least this specific comedic filmmaker. Within he and his brothers' specific niche of comedy, there was something that was always enjoyable about it, even if the comedy itself, was not. They knew about human connection. The Farrelly brothers always, without fail, had a shmaltzy moment of love, one way or another. Even when dealing with Lloyd and Harry in Dumb & Dumber, when dealing with caricatures of human beings, there is a bond there, there is a love. So imagine if suddenly Peter Farrelly starting taking things seriously? When a filmmaker understands sentiment and human connection, then it's not such a stretch to make the jump to drama.Farrelly's influence on the mood of the film is fairly obvious. He's never been a subtle filmmaker, and the film does lack significant drama. After my viewing of the film I wouldn't even categorize it as a drama, because, while there may be hurdles the characters have to overcome, it seems to be a very light-hearted story. Arguably, the most lighthearted version of an extremely heavy subject matter. I was always waiting for the other shoe to drop, dramatically speaking, but nothing too heavy ever came. Every time there is something even remotely dramatic, the two characters get out of it with relative ease. There's nothing necessarily wrong with that, but some might see this as too lighthearted, and not truly dealing with the reality of racial segregation and prejudice. There's nothing necessarily wrong with that, as it's the tone of the film all three writers and Farrelly were going for, but considering the subject matter, this may actually anger audience members. The title Green Book refers to a 'travel guide' of sorts for African-Americans of that time. Realistically though, it was more of a 'survival-guide', as it informed those families where it was safe to travel, what restaurants they were permitted to eat in, and the 'colored only' locations to lodge. For many families, the Green Book has significant personal meaning.What I am suggesting, is that is merely subtext, despite what they chose to be the title. The story is really about our shared humanity despite differences, and while these characters do reinforce some stereotypes, it shatters others. Mahershala and Mortensen create characters that are part caricature, part inspiration, but regardless of how you view them, it works. The two are so well-balanced, it's difficult to say if either of them is truly the lead. That's of the utmost importance, as this unlikely friendship is what inspired the film and drives the story.I never feel like I am watching Mahershala Ali acting, as... to be honest... I don't really know who Mahershala Ali is. (That is a testament to his acting, not a comment on the fact he and I don't hang out in the same social circles). However, his role as Dr. Shirley is drastically different than anything I've seen him do before. His sense of who the character is, his mannerisms, his diction, even his inner thought process become clear through Ali's performance. Since this is a more comedic film in tone, I have to also compliment Ali's sense of timing. The character is reserved for the majority of the film, and being a straight man in a comedic duo is not easy, but Ali finds a brilliant balance of drama and comedy. It's another performance, that while perhaps not award worthy, he will assuredly be remembered for. Green Book will also be remembered. The balance it finds within small sub-genres of cinema is carefully crafted; part road-trip buddy movie, part period piece, part social commentary, but all enjoyable. It may not spark serious conversation between audience members. It certainly won't solve the social inequality and hatred that plagues many parts of the world still to this day. It does, however, serve as a reminder of the core concepts it successfully portrays. Mortensen when addressing the crowd put it best: "There's something very profound there that we lose track of. These days, we lose track of it a lot. And that is anybody has the right to understand or appreciate other people... you can respect each other ...you can listen to each other."So if you'll indulge Mortensen's teachings, listen to me... go see Green Book.

This film is about the real-life friendship formed between an African American n an Italian bouncer during a road trip thru the Jim Crow South n the Sundown towns during the racial segregation period.
Mortensen was convincing as the family-devoted, street-smart bouncer with a fat belly. By the way his appetite was awesome.
Ali convincingly portrayed the loneliness n his eyes subtly channelized emotions of sadness.
The film dealt with many issues without being preachy.
Apart from the film's important message, the acting by the leads r top notch.
Mortensen n Ali shud be given Oscars for their performances.
One of the best part is the ending which takes place on a Christmas meal.

I had high expectations based on the positive reviews but was quite disappointed.The story had a good potential to explore a relationship between a sophisticated black pianist who employs a white working class driver as they travel through the US south in the sixties. They have seemingly nothing in common, from the way they were brought up, the way they speak and eat, their family backgrounds and financial situations, their way of treating other people. As they spend time together on the road trip, they start to appreciate each other and learn from each other.What bothered me was that the characters ended up being caricatures instead of being believable. The film tries to depict their differences to the point that it did not make sense. For example, we are supposed to believe that a black musical genius pianist never heard of Aretha Franklin or Little Richard? Or that he never tried fried chicken? I also thought that Viggo Mortensen was slightly over-acting.... The racial problems were not depicted in an authentic way.The movie just received an Oscar nomination for Best Picture, likely because of the social commentary and not because of great film-making.

How did this film even get considered for an Oscar? This is low grade pap, unchallenging, unbeleivable, dull and so cliched its difficult to believe a fine actor like Mortensen would get involved. And why cast a Scandinavian as a Bronx Italian? Mahershala Ali has done himself no favours either creating a cartoonish 'sophisticate', though the hand doubling during his piano playing was impressive. This is heavy handed populism, shallow and self-righteously preaching, reducing a complex social struggle to simple stereotypes. The cinema landscape of 2018 must be very lacking for this to be lauded as it is. But then in reality it is not, with Masterpieces like Roma on display, its just that the Oscars is not really as important as it would like to be.

If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)Living in Portugal has a ton of pros, but regarding movies, it lacks serious advantages. The price of admission is expensive, there is only one film theater in my city (every time I want to watch a movie on IMAX or Dolby Atmos, it's a financial effort and time-consuming) and the worst of all, a whole bunch of films aren't released in their original date, especially November/December Oscar-bait movies. Only now I had the opportunity to see Green Book, and I am so mad I wasn't able to write its review in 2018 because this is undoubtedly the best comedy-drama of last year and one of the best overall!With the help of a terrific cast, Peter Farrelly and his writing crew (which counts with Vallelonga's son, Nick) deliver what I think is the best screenplay of 2018. I can't remember the last time I cried of so much laughter in a film. I can't remember the last time I did the latter and still got emotional with the dramatic arc. This comedy-drama sent me through a roller coaster of emotions I wasn't expecting, at all. I went in anticipating outstanding performances (check) and solely that. Since 2019 has already begun, I'm watching the Oscar-bait movies with no real hopes of being utterly amazed.However, Green Book completely took me by surprise. I genuinely don't know why everyone was so shocked when it won Best Screenplay at the Golden Globe Awards. It possesses such a well-written story, filled with brilliant narratives about the most sensitive subjects. It takes the two main characters and elevates their individual arcs into subplots where you begin and end with two completely different personas. It's an extremely relevant film that shows how our world evolved and fought back racism and discrimination, without ever becoming too dark or even dull. It's not more of the same, it's not another movie produced exclusively to send a social message and catch some Oscar nominations. It's a truly captivating story of how two men can change their perspective of another race or even the entire world, by actually spending time with another culture and ignoring preconceived notions.Nevertheless, this well-structured, beautifully-directed and cleverly-written film would be just "good" if not for the two incredible actors, who take this movie to a whole other level. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali have such compelling chemistry that I wouldn't mind watching them interact for two hours on a car trip. Every single car sequence either produces hilarious moments, filled with tearful laughter, or it drastically changes into a more dramatic and emotional tone, subtly touching delicate topics. I knew Mortensen had a humorous side to him, but I never saw this coming! His timing, his expressions, his Italian accent, his body movements, everything about his performance is perfect. He absolutely nailed his part, by giving me the best time I had at a film theater in a long time, and his Oscar nomination is more than fair. He made a 130-min feature movie feel like a short flick.Ali doesn't come far behind. Obviously, since Viggo has a funnier role to portray, the audience members might feel that he's just there to help his co-star shine, but he does much more than that. Since he brings the drama element to the story, he has a more restrained performance during the first half of the film. However, once Shirley starts getting along with Tony Lip, Ali gradually offers more and more splendid acting moments. He's definitely a supporting actor, but God is he a phenomenal one! Linda Cardellini (Dolores Vallelonga), even though she's only on-screen for a few minutes spread throughout the runtime, also delivers a great performance.Tony Lip and Dr. Don Shirley have quite distinct personalities, besides being from different races. Each character's arc is brilliantly illustrated by Peter Farrelly, who gradually shows how Tony and Don are changing their view of the world and of each other's culture. Either through the witty car sequences or through unfortunate and horrible experiences, these two characters carry the audience on a journey of growth. Change in behavior, mindset and preconceived ideas, by sharing their own culture with another. Even though they were born in different countries and lived through distinguished lifestyles, with contrasting quality of life, they eventually start realizing that what they think of the world and everything else might not be entirely right.Technically, Farrelly controls the movie's pacing exceptionally well, by making a two-hour-ish film feel like half of it. Remarkably-balanced tone and some great cinematography is showed in a couple of scenes. Consistently-filmed and well-edited, even though the latter has small hiccups here and there. Nevertheless, this isn't a film with extraordinary technical attributes, nor it needs them. Farrelly only needed to do "ok" with the producing and filming of a standout screenplay to achieve a fantastic result, and that's exactly what he did.Finally, regarding the controversy surrounding this movie ... See how easy it is to watch a film without being affected by outside matters which don't have a single thing to do with the movie itself? I don't care if someone who worked in the film tweeted something wrong today, let alone years ago. I don't care if someone misinterprets Viggo Mortensen's speech about racism. I don't care if the family of Don Shirley doesn't like how the movie approaches his way of being or his way of life. I don't care if the story isn't 100% true, as long as it succeeds in transmitting the vital message it wants to deliver, while actually being a good film. So, please, stop trying to listen to everything everyone says about a movie or the people working on it, especially nowadays, where chaos is easy to create.Green Book surprised the hell out of me and left me speechless in the end. One of the best comedy-dramas I've seen in a long time, one of the best films of 2017 and, by far, the best original screenplay of the last year. Peter Farrelly and his fellow co-writers delivered a seamlessly-written story, filled with wonderful character arcs and with a quite important message to the audiences around the world. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali deliver award-worthy performances, especially the former who shows his incredible comedic timing and dramatic range. Still, the most compelling and emotional scenes come from Ali, and he does not deserve to be forgotten. I thought 2018 was going to be the first year without me giving an A+, but guess what ...

If "Green Book" does win the Oscar for Best Picture, as some people think it might, then I for one won't complain. There are, of course, better pictures, ("Roma" and "The Favourite" to name two), but this extremely well-made, nicely directed, intelligently scripted, (if at times a little too obvious in its heart-tugging sentimentality), and very well acted movie ticks all the boxes. It's a feelgood film of the old-fashioned kind that can look back at the bad old days of segregation rather smugly from its 21st Century perspective without feeling particularly smug.It's a movie about how two mismatched people, (a chain-smoking, rough speaking Italian-American and an African-American you might even call 'uppity'), who, on a long road trip in the Deep South in the early sixties, bestow on each other the gifts of friendship and humanity. Even if you knew nothing of the 'true' story of the musician Don Shirley and his driver you can predict the outcome from the get-go. Of course, it also helps that it's also very funny despite the seriousness of the material and that leads Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are so damn good, (Ali's second Oscar in three years looks like it's already in the bag). It is, then, something of a treat and might even convince you to seek out the music of Don Shirley.

If you get the chance to see this movie you will not be disappointed. Both leads fantastic. Script superb. A breath of fresh air and a welcome relief from the borefest Hollywood has become. I doubt I will see a better movie in 2019.

Watched this at a cineworld unlimited screening and was so glad they picked this film! I'm not sure it's something I'd have gone to see had I seen the trailer but honestly it's a film for everyone. The screen was full and was one of the huge screens and only 2 people walked out just to give you a general picture of how the film went down. Definitely will be recommending this to friends and family.

Where are the good movies these days? Do we really need another "woke" film? Driving Miss Daisy already covered this topic in reverse.Viggo Mortensen, an Italian American? Really? I like the guy, but he was totally miscast and he overdid everything. It was like a bunch of Italian caricatures from Italians in movies, but not real life. Did Peter Farrelly watch the Sopranos and then copied the behavior from that? If you wanna see authentic Italian-American movies there are plenty to choose from like the obvious, Godfather, Mean Streets, Goodfellas just to name a few.Although this isn't a gangster movie, it had those elements in there, but they all felt totally phony. Then an "Africa King" living on top of Carnegie Hall. Really? Is this Black Panther?Let's ignore all the totally unbelievable scenes like the fight in the Copa and everyone just pretends nothing is going on like the band keeps playing etc. That he throws away glasses BECAUSE two black guys drank from them, but then 2 minutes later he has no problem working intimately with a black man. Really? He went from irate racist to civil rights advocate in a few minutes after turning down a gig for the Italian guys, because after showing total contempt for black people, he would just turn down working with his own group of people. Turning down gigs while selling his property to stay alive. Then his mingling with other black drivers and having fun, totally ignoring the original set up of him a staunch racist. Really? On top of being a staunch racist, he constantly listened to black music and knew all about it. Really?Sorry, no genuine racist would drive for a black guy in the south. Not buying that part of it. And no black guy that was that "proper" and insisting on classy behavior would ever hire a low-class guy like. None of it rang true.It was written like it all took place today using language like "traveling while black." Really?Mahershala Ali is just an overrated actor. No one speaks like that and he totally missed the REAL Don Shirley's gay/flamboyant high and fast-talking large personality.The whole time I'm waiting for the obligatory "pulled over by racist cops" scene. Of course, it came. That always has to be part of every woke movie.The movie was idiotic. I didn't buy for one second anything that happened. Amazing how a lot of people are fooled by bad writing, bad casting, bad acting and bad directing.

This film has a wonderful message. Regarding racism, and the way some individuals in a modern society treat others by simply being colored. I believe that this film did an excellent way of portraying such a miserable, and painful topic. In order to comprehend this film it is crucial to ANALYZE. There was not one weak scene for me. It had a little bit of everything. I laughed.. I Cried. I enjoyed.Amazing! =10/10 stars! :-)

I'll be honesty I only watched this movie cause I wanted to watch something and couldn't pick anything, but this movie was not at all a let down! The performances given were above exceptional, the story was well paced and there some moments that made me laugh. It's a wonderfully done movie and deserves more attention than it has right now. And seeing them grow and develope on screen is just incredible, this is a loveable movie and a must watch.

Ernest but flat. Inter-racial friendships have been a topic in American films for over 50 years. The emotions between the two main characters here came across as forced and inauthentic. Why choose the Danish-American Viggo Mortensen to play an Italian-American from the Bronx? His portrait was an amateurish embarrassment. Almost grotesque, but supposed to get laughs. And Ali's character, Don Shirley, does things down South that would most likely get him killed---I doubt the incidents in the movie truthfully matched the real-life happenings. It looked like a movie about Americans that was made by Canadians. Full of false notes, with no real flavor.
This movie wasn't even a crowd-pleaser where I saw it (NYC). Don't expect Tony to beat-up every racist we see, Buford Pusser style. Just lame confrontations that didn't satisfy or really address the racial problems in a believable way. So here's one lone knock on a movie that got a mystifying amount of good reviews.

I honestly don't understand why so many critics don't like this film as much as the audience. Green Book has a great artistic story, a good script, great acting, it has some great humor, some great drama and poigniance. It's well directed. It has both characters learn from one another and need one another despite often not being able to stand one another. It doesn't show such developments in a preachy kind of way. It doesn't seem to present any silly inconceivable blunders. I felt it was well worth spending 2 hours watching in a theater, and I found it one of the best films I've seen this year. If not the very best.The rest of my review is for the purpose of responding to stupid reviews of people who find a way to hate this movie because of what it isn't as opposed to what it is.Does Green Book have everything perfectly documented about life as a black person in Ali's character, or life as a white person for Mortenseon's character? No. Does it perfectly encapsulate every person's time and experience traveling and living in the south or the north of America at that time and in those places? No. Does it property portray all friendships of white and black people? No. Does the film perfectly show how the police treat people in every instance in the north and in the south? No. Does it feature sad people living their sad lives and learning nothing to effectively encapsulate how terrible and hopelessly serious some issues can be? No. Does the movie strike me as having a groundbreaking quality that puts it as the first or definitively best at doing whatever new ambitious thing it's trying to do? NoFrom my standpoint, these kinds of shortcoming could be said about every single good movie. Even if a movie is groundbreaking, it isn't an excellent film because it was groundbreaking or record shattering. Green Book's purpose is to show the experience of two specific characters along with their friends and family as the main two characters get to know each other. The story as it is told is believable, entertaining, interesting and likeable. And that is exactly what it was trying to be and, in my opinion, that angel serves the film very well. I don't know how perfectly the film was at showing exactly what really happened. But If anyone expects to be able to take a film based on true events as the perfect infallible account, they are the with the issue as opposed to the film.As for what the film didn't cover: If you want all the facts or potential ramifications or heartbreaks of other people in this time going about their lives, you're better off reading some books, looking up some facts, or watching some documentaries about the topics. Nothing can tell every avenue of every conceivable story with perfect detail and accuracy. And a 2 hour movie is far from the ideal way of even try such a task.Movies like Green Book are meant to exist as entertaining peices of art. And that is exactly what I thought Green Book was, and what made it good. I highly recommend this film is that's the sort of thing you like.

In 1962, the Italian-American Tony "Lip" Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen) is as family man happily married with children with his beloved wife Dolores (Linda Cardellini). When the night-club Copacabana where he works as a bouncer closes for two months to be refurbished, Tony needs to find a two-month job to support his family. He accepts to become the driver of the classical Afro-American pianist Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) in a tour with two other Caucasian musicians through the racist South of America. He receives a Green Book, a travel guide with references of safe locations to black people and along their journey, they develop friendship and respect for each other.The Oscar winner "Green Book" is a great film that discloses the racial segregation in the early 60s in America. The touching story of friendship and injustice has magnificent performances of Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. The screenplay blends drama, music and comedy and is based on a true story. "Green Book" is a film that really deserves the Oscar. My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): "Green Book: O Guia" ("Green Book: The Guide")

Most of the reviewers here state how important the message of the movie is. I will play the advocatus diaboli here: I don't care about the message of a movie without entertainment - in the first place by watching a movie I want to be entertained and not educated.Green Book is that kind of movie that you make in our times if you want the applause of today's Hollywood's p.c. crowd (remember Shape of the Water!?), add some known actors and you can grap easy some prices here and there. 2nd choice: make something about saving nature. Creativity!? Daring!? Uniqueness!? None.Anyway, the message of course is one already told many times before (e.g. The Intouchables, Driving Miss Daisy to name some obvious ones), but I admit the actors work well.Well, today's Hollywood crowd seems to be rather some bunch of social workers and educationalists than artists - by the way, I find it really somehow rather comical that those rich guys and gals try to tell me how to live to save nature, considering how many different estates/big houses and other stuff like cars and planes those people got. Just imagine for a moment in what kind of state the Earth would be if all 8 billion people on Earth would live that kind of life-style of those true lovers and preachers of Mother Earth...Back to Green Book: a rather mediocre and rather powerless movie (just compare it with a masterpiece like In the Heat of the Night) with some funny moments and solid acting, but with a story obviously fishing for compliments and applause - and some Oscars.

Green Book is simply the year 2018 movie saviour... since it was a year suffering from a big lack of oscar material movies, dealing with serious issues and showing perfect dialogues and performances. So no worries Green Book got it all, a feel good, music themed, drama comedy road trip movie, that will surely stand as a futur cult classic. Hands down!

So, let me get up on the soap box here for just a second ::steps up, clears throat::It may be because I have inhaled as much of the non-fiction of James Baldwin the past two years, or that I have simply paid halfway attention to whats going on in this part of this decade, or that I live in the general area that Tony Lips did (the tri-state area in the North-East), but I think Green Book underestimates the racism of the North at the time. It's often been a misconception, usually by white people (and maybe at one time when I was much younger), but just because you live in the North and around liberal areas doesn't mean that things are less racist.Indeed, it's that more subdued racism (what MLK dubbed those "white moderates") that make a lot of trouble. From socio-economic segregation of a sort - notice that in the Bronx neighborhood Tony's family and friends live there are no black people, and the "No Coloreds" signs are not up but they're just... Not there, and not allowed. Not really, anyway.To the movie's credit, it does touch on the fact that there is this racism that is there with working-class Italians (not that it's any great revelation in American cinema - Do the Right Thing was made decades ago and dealt with Italian caricatures, literally making pizza, being face to face with African American people with much more insight and drama/comedy etc); there is one telling beat where Tony comes home as two black handymen are working on the Lips' family kitchen, and they're given some lemonade in two glasses. When they leave, Lips puts the two glasses in the trash (and later, Linda Cardellini's wife takes them back out). This is good visual storytelling that makes the point clear: once Lips gets tasked with the plot of Green Book, which is to drive the good Doctor (Mahershala Ali) across the mid-west and deep South, there will be problems but not just with those they come across.... But then it's kinda-sorta dropped for a "feel-good" movie about race relations.I don't know about you, but in 2018, living in just everything that's going on now (in daily news, a campus in Mississippi got vandalized with numerous nooses hung about for tomorrows Senate vote for example), I'm not sure if that's what we (white people, even more than blacks or other minorities) need to see. All this said, the movie does a good job, at least for the first two thirds, of getting an entertaining buddy story between these two Characters, with a capital "C."And to the actors' credit, Ali and Mortensen tap into the cliches of a, well, bouncer at the Coppacabana and classically trained PHD pianist (fluent in multiple languages, which does pay off at a key point by the way, nice writing), and whenever they are on screen I believed the actors in what they had to emote or tried to do. It's even got funny scenes and beats and lines, and while I can count the number of laughs (at least five, at most six), they are genuine laughs. Farrelly knows how to get two guys working together on screen - he's known since Dumb & Dumber - so that part is fine.But then there's that last third in particular when it hunkers down into hammering its message about race relations (if you've seen the trailer, that scene in the rain with "if I'm not black enough and Im not white enough" etc is a cringe-tastic as it seems) and the simple attitude that after two months Tony Lips is now way cooler and, more crucially at the end, all the rest of his friends and family there for Christmas Eve are magically okay now with the ::insert Italian slang word for racist epithet here:: coming to dinner. But this is all without any real work outside of a few goopy scenes where the good Doctor helps Tony write letters to Mrs. Lips (sorry I forget his real last name right now) so he must be awesome outside of the brilliant piano playing.The movie does go a ways to make Ali's character flawed too in some basic ways - as a musician on the road he's become a loner, estranged from a brother and divorced - and in one way that I don't think is meant to be seen as a flaw, but comes up as a "huh" bit where Tony has to get Doc out of a bind when he is... Caught in a gay moment with another man at the YMCA(?!) Okie dokie! So that also don't be a big deal since hes just Tony's boss and no judgment and we'll just leave his sexuality as something that doesn't get any more screen-time because RACISM needs to get the top shelf over homophobia and that entire grenade which... What was that??As far as the sort of if not feel good then *don't feel bad* kind of movie released by a big studio, it's not as tone deaf and potentially harmful as a Crash; it has more of the feel of a better(ish) thing that Stanley Kramer would have made (down to, if Poitier was around he would be ideal for this part): it doesn't shy from the issues, and on the contrary it tries to show what everybody (even the racists) know, which is segregation-by-law can't be sustainable.But when it comes to depicting more essential details about character, about really digging into Lips past his love for his wife and not being *that* bad because, hey, he turns down offers by the local mobsters for work even when he's down, right(?) it doesn't hold as much water. Should I wholly believe Lips wont throw out again glasses that happened to touch mouths of black working class workers, despite himself being working class, because he got Lessons in Life (and visa-versa he gives the Doctor some "Street Life" lessons)? Not sure that I do.Why the six star rating then? When it means to be simply well-acted and more character-driven entertainment, it works - not to mention the greatest product placement for KFC in cinema history - and I enjoyed seeing these two do the absolute best they could with what they had. It's a mild recommendation. But compared to what else you can see from this year - Blindspotting, Blackkklansman, Sorry to Bother You, to an extent The Hate U Give - it's weak tea.Thank you. ::steps off::

Green Book is the greatest film to hit theaters in 2018, period. From the excellent performances of Mahershala Ali and Viggo Morrison to the witty and hilarious dialogue of Nick Vallelonga and Peter Farrely, Green Book will not disappoint. At it's core is an archetypal journey about friendship, love, and understanding. Instead of just a surface level story, Green Book has the rare ability to go below the surface with a cleverly hidden hero's journey and a role reversal that sets it apart from most movies on the subject of race. Rather than a typical "white hero" storyline, Green Book surpasses race altogether, putting forth a narrative of understanding and an exceptional comment on the human condition.

This film was constructed very well, and the plot moves along beautifully. The chemistry of Viggo and Mahershala shines through. Highly recommend this film, and would not be surprised to see it win a few Oscars in February.

Great acting, amazing story. It's one of those movies you know that is amazing before you watch it, and after watching it your expectations are fulfilled.

Occasionally a film comes along where the acting is so extraordinary that I can overlook its flaws. Much like Malek's brilliant portrayal of Freddy Mercury in Bohemian Rhapsody -which I'd say is an average film overall- Mortensen and Ali are transcendent as Tony Lip and Dr. Don Shirley. I'm admittedly a fan of both actors' work, but Green Book is in my opinion their crowning achievement and they both deserve Oscars.

"Green Book" (2018 release; 130 min.) is "inspired by true events" we are reminded. As the movie opens, it is "New York City 1962" and Tony works as a bouncer in the Copacabana club. When club closes for renovations, he needs another job. One day he gets a call: a doctor needs a driver. The given address turns out to be Carnegie Hall, and the "doctor" is in fact acclaimed pianist Dr. Don Shirley. After some back and forth, Shirley hires Tony, and off they go... At this point we are 15 minutes into the movie but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you will just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest movie directed by Peter Farrelly, who along with his brother, has brought us "Dumb and Dumber" and "There's Something About Mary", among many others. Here he goes a very different direction, namely on the one hand another take on "The Odd Couple", and on the other hand the racial tensions in the deep south in the early 60s. As to the odd couple Tony and Shirley, it provides for some comic relief (much of the theater crowd roared approvingly). As to the racial tensions, they are as predictable as they are mind blowing that this went on just 60 years ago. But truth be told, if you want to see a movie about those issues, there are far better movies than this one. Viggo Mortensen tries way too hard to be a convincing Italian-American from the Bronx, and that is true as well of the family gatherings early in the movie, you can practically hear the director yelling "..and ACTION". Mahershala Ali (as Shirley) fares somewhat better. Kudos for the production sets (I never tire of the cars from that era)."Green Book" expanded wide this weekend. The Sunday matinee screening where I saw this at was, much to my surprise, packed to the rafters (mostly seniors, I might add). If you are in the mood for "The Odd Couple" meets "Driving Miss Daisy", I readily suggest that you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.

Am I the only one to think the writing was awful? Everything in this movie is a stereotype and it follows an annoyingly predictable plot. It's so obvious Doc was going to spend Christmas at home with his driver, it was obvious the second policeman was going to help, it was obvious that he was not going to play the last concert.Are we also to believe that a hugely popular musician taking a pay cut with a purpose in mind would agree to some strange clause in the contract that if he doesn't play every single one of the venues, they don't get paid at all? I think he needs a new agent...This is just one of the many things in this movie that I just did not find believable at all. The exposition, as a result, feels heavy-handed and forced.Everything about it was such a clich, from beginning to end. I wanted to like it but I found it utterly ridiculous, aside from a few light and enjoyable moments.
The acting was perhaps the only redeemable aspect, and I can only say that for Viggo and Mahershala as many of the extras were horrendous.

I love Mahershala Ali. I just finished True Detective 3, and he shines in that. Same goes for Moonlight - a beautiful role.By comparison, this movie has Mahershala descend into a slapstick of a role in my opinion, up against even more of a slapstick character (that of Tony Lip) in a movie that tries to build from now-50 year old racial clichs, a one-dimensional drama.Very disappointed after the buzz at the Oscars. I hope Ali wins an Emmy for his work on True Detective S3 - a protrayal that truly deserves credit.

I really can't add to the superlatives given by others here. This is simply the best movie that I've seen this year. I've given it a ten star review but would really like to have reduced that by half a star because of the inclusion of one scene (YMCA), the subject of that wasn't hinted at before, and wasn't expounded on after. Was Don gay? Who cares and what purpose in the movie was served by the suggestion that he was?I will add the half star back by giving a shout out to David Tinsley who supplied the movie's cars. Period correct, with minor exceptions, and lending an air of authenticity to the film.One minor point that was not explained was what happened to the rest of the trio after their final gig? Did they stay in the south or did they make it home (wherever that was) by Christmas. They did play a minor roll in the story but still, I hate loose ends.

Green Book is directed by Peter Farrelly and is an Oscar contender for sure. That sentence is one that is still hard to fathom. That is because Peter Farrelly's previous credits as writer and director are for Dumb and Dumber, There's Something About Mary, Me,Myself & Irene, Shallow Hal and the awful Three Stooges and Dumb & Dumber sequel. He's a comedy writer. He has some great movies in that genre no doubt but this is such a huge leap in a biographical drama that is a commercial and critical success that it is a career turn that nobody seen coming. Yes, there are several laugh out loud moments in this movie and Farrelly will have been able to engineer those scenes to be as funny as they were. Nevertheless, this is still a huge achievement for the producer, director and writer and I hope he is acknowledged on the ultimate stage.It is hard to speak of the plot to this film in such a brief description. That is because throughout the entire movie you really get the feel that everything played out on screen did actually happen. There are several reasons for this but mainly it is because of the involvement of Nick Vallelonga as co-writer, the son of the real life Tony Vallelonga in the movie. You get the sense that his involvement really added an authenticity to the story and he was able to project his vision and history of his late father onto screen.Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are both excellent in this movie. The characters themselves are very entertaining but Mortensen in particular really brings the Italian-American bouncer to life and he adds a charm and humour to the movie. It is amazing how well he pulls off Tony Lip when you compare it to his other roles in The Lord of the Rings, The Road and his 2 previous Oscar nominations Captain Fantastic and Eastern Promises. It really is a brilliant performance and it's a shame that once again he is likely to fall just short this year in the Leading Actor category. Mahershala Ali just goes from strength to strength. With his Oscar win last year for Moonlight still in the rear view mirror he adds another string to his bow here and I am looking forward to his turn in True Detective Series 3 this year. The pair of them have great on screen chemistry together and you really connect with the journey that they go on as a viewer.I can't speak highly enough of this movie. It is a heartwarming tale of companionship and friendship at a time when circumstances prevented it culturally, socially and professionally. I would highly recommend this film and I think it has a real chance of winning Best Picture at the Oscars 2019. 9/10

I haven't seen a film like Green Book in quite some time. A film that doesn't have long-winded exposition followed by a dramatic resolution, but that is still satisfying the entire way through. I liken it to Forrest Gump in the sense that the captivation does not come from a place of waiting to see what comes next, but rather, it comes from being in that moment with the characters. Viggo Mortensen's performance was astonishing as a firmly rooted New Yorker. It certainly helped that Director Peter Farrelly pulled me into the 60s about thirty seconds into the opening scene. Green Book is a character driven film in which the characters are complex enough to remove certain aspects of predictability that we expect from most films. This was one of the best I have seen from 2018 and I recommend anyone give it a try.

Tony Vallelonga aka Lip (Viggo Mortensen) is the bouncer at the Copacabana. When it is shut down for renovations, Tony hustles to feed his family. He is offered a lucrative job to be the driver and gofer for Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) a trained classical pianist. His tour will take him through the racially divided south in 1962. This is a story about an odd couple who both managed to change and find common ground.Based on a true story, although I doubt the initial scene of the baseball game as the film gave the impression it was later in the year. Predictable Hollywood script. The title comes from the title of a travel book used by African-Americans to learn about safe places to eat and stay.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.

If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the film....almost.
Did not realize until viewing that this true story of overcoming prejudice and segregation
comes at the expense of a cartoon version of the Italian goombah stereotype.In portraying the message of overcoming ignorance with dignity, the film doesn't practice what it preaches.
The Italian characters are forced to play in their own version of blackface.

GREEN BOOK. In General ReleaseThe trailers promise a sort of Goombah Driving Miss Daisy. For once, the previews aren't lying. With the races reversed, Peter Farrelly's movie, based on a true tale, tells the story of an Italian restaurant bouncer Tony (Viggo Mortensen) who gets a gig driving black Piano Virtuoso Dr. Shirley (Mahershala Ali) on a tour of the deep south. In 1962. A time and place where a little tough guy bouncing may come in handy. Shirley leads a musical trio, with two other (white) musicians.GREEN BOOK is genial enough, and, broadly, entertaining. There are a number of feel-good moments and a few that lead to cheers. But, for every successful bit, there are an equal number of groaners - and Kris Bowers' backing score is one long groaner, with every single emotional highlight signaled, underlined and highlighted in musical yellow markers. Fortunately, most of the music we hear is of Dr. Shirley's trio and Tony's fave car tunes including Little Richard, Chubby Checker, Aretha Franklin etc. (incredulously, Dr. Shirley claims to have never heard them prior!).Mortensen and Ali are fine actors, but, aren't given a shot at much beyond sit-com style hokum. Mortensen comes off at times like he's auditioning for an off-off-Broadway production of Goodfellas. Ali is a bit more effective, but, the script and Farrelly's lite Direction limit him. GREEN BOOK is so genial and it's heart in the right place that it's a difficult movie to outright dislike (although one really does regret that the movie doesn't take the time to fully explain the meaning of the title). Still, it's a movie that would have fit alongside DRIVING MISS DAISY in 1989, but, haven't we moved past it by now?

Martin Luther King's message that people should be judged not on the color of their skin but on the content of their character came one year too late to reach the folks encountered by black Jamaican jazz pianist Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali, "Hidden Figures"), in his 1962 concert tour of the segregated Deep South. In Peter Farrelly's ("Dumb and Dumber To") warm and human comedy/drama Green Book, Shirley undertakes the journey together with Tony Vallelonga (Viggo Moretnsen, "Captain Fantastic"), a night club bouncer who is known to his Italian mob pals in the Bronx as Tony "Lip." While Tony was hired to do the driving, his main job, unacknowledged though it may be, was to provide physical protection for Shirley from any unwanted encounters with the locals south of the Mason-Dixon Line.Inspired by a true story (isn't everything?) and co-written by Nick Vallelonga, the film's title refers to the "Negro Motorist Green Book," a guide used for many years by black travelers looking for hotels and restaurants in the Deep South where they could feel safe from discrimination and physical harm. Needless to say, neither the hotels nor the restaurants have many stars in the latest Michelin guide. We are first introduced to Tony who is working at the legendary Copacabana, a mob-connected New York nightclub known for its ability to attract name entertainers such as Frank Sinatra, and Sammy Davis Jr. When the Copa closes for renovations, Tony is open to an offer to become a driver for Doctor Shirley whose ostentatious living quarters above Carnegie Hall, to quote former U.N. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson, "staggers the imagination and converts vanity to prayer."Racism is not foreign to Tony's outlook on life as shown when he throws the glasses used to serve water to black workmen in the garbage. Even though the tour will take him away from his wife Dolores (Linda Cardellini, "A Simple Favor") and his two small children for eight weeks, Tony promises to write often but will need some assistance from his cultured employer. As two Cadillac's make their way along the highway, one containing The Don Shirley Trio's cellist Oleg (Dimiter D. Marinov, "A Picture with Yuki") and bassist George (Mike Hatton, "Vigilante Diaries"), and the other the reserved and tightly-wound Shirley in the back seat and the chatty, uninhibited driver in the front.Though the two have little in common, their witty interplay on the road expands Don's horizons as Tony provides samples of Little Richard, Chubby Checker and Aretha Franklin and, after much resistance, introduces him to the gourmet pleasures of Kentucky Fried Chicken (heaving their bones out of the window). Meanwhile, Don offers Tony some assistance with his grammar and teaches him about Orpheus and his demons, neither of which he needs to know to do his job. When they leave Pennsylvania and Ohio and head for Raleigh, Macon, Memphis, Little Rock, Baton Rouge, and Birmingham, however, things are no longer a laughing matter.The pair get their first dose of reality when they hit their first Green Book" stop, the run-down Carver Courts Motel to which Tony offers the relevant comment that "it looks like my ass." While Don maintains his haughty above-the-battle demeanor, it soon becomes obvious that much of his persona hides a gnawing loneliness that becomes more evident as the two make progress on their journey. Encounters with the police and a confrontation with unfriendlies in a bar are just the tip of the iceberg and Don is forced to rely on Tony's considerable skills as a Bronx tough to get him through some physically threatening moments.The irony for Shirley is that he is a much sought-after artist who performs for wealthy white audiences but is prohibited from eating in the same restaurants, using the same bathrooms, or sleeping in the same hotel with those who pay good money to hear him play. Though the film suggests that these abominations are things of the past, we know better. During the performances, however, there is no black and white, no rich and poor, no coons or queers, only the exquisite power of the music which transcends hate and, at least for those few moments, reminds us of our common humanity and the fields of gold we all play in together. They are moments that can help us, as American poet Langston Hughes puts it, "to shatter this darkness, to smash this night, to break this shadow into a thousand lights of sun, into a thousand whirling dreams of sun!"

I didn't have high expectations for this movie, when i saw a trailer. But i changed my mind after 10 min of it. Brilliant piece of art, love it.

I watched the movie and it was a really good experience. I came to know how people were discriminated based on colour. Comedy was like really good. I would really like to watch it sometimes again. Really every single individual must stop discriminating people based on colour,as it is really a biggest sin you have ever commited and there is no forgiveness for that. Respect every human being as they are uniquely designed by the creator as he created you.

For today, simply good! If you are looking for a movie with a plot and good story line this is the one you want to see. Real life conversations between classes, races and humanity!

We found the green book a nice watch. You really see the characters changing during the movie.

Well its hard to ignore that this looked like Driving Miss Daisy with the races of the characters reversed. It was also hard to ignore that Peter Farrelly along with his brother, is normally known for bringing often crude comedy films. While Green Book does have a ton of humor it was definitely a step in a different direction and a true story to adapt at that. I'm amazed at how much I liked this film. Every minute of this film is thoroughly enjoyable and it touches on every emotion.The film is about a loud mouth Italian American named Tony Lip who gets a job driving and being protection for a jazz pianist named Don Shirley. Initially, it is seen that the two come from different worlds and are at odds with each other but as time goes on and the two realize how different race relations are in the south, they begin to bond and become closer than they expected they would. Starring Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali in the title roles.The film has a lot of laugh out loud moments. Especially through the eccentric nature of both leads. Whether its Tony's hard headed but uncultured nature or Don's particularities , the chemistry between the two is really off the charts. The film touches on many important concepts that still reverberate today, mainly in race relations and acceptance of sexuality. Farrelly and the real life son of Tony Lip do such a fine job writing a film that knows when to be funny and when to be serious.I think the performances from both leads is also fantastic. We are about done with the year and I don't really care what other people say this should be getting nominations is a few categories at the Academy Awards. Was really surprised at how good this film was, as the trailers don't really show off the true excellence that this film was capable of. Urge everyone to go see it, about as good as a buddy road film will be.8/10

I absolutely loved this movie. Such a heart warming story about true friendships, overcoming prejudices, and battling racism in the 60s. The performances were beyond stellar. I laughed, cried, and even cringed several times at the racial slurs and horrible treatment of Doc. Watching their friendship develop gave me hope, which is something we need more of today. The story is a perfect reminder of how we can overcome things when we come together. I wish everyone would watch this film.

This is a very well told tale with life lessons that everyone should experience. The director did a great job making his points w the right balance of emotion without making it overly: preachy, sappy or upsetting. There is also the right amount of comic relief that makes for a quality mix of entertainment. The acting is Oscar caliber all the way.
Here two completely different and somewhat misanthropic individuals, living in a racially unacceptable time period find one another and learn vital life lessons from each other through their experience together.Excellent movie 

Such a great movie with fantastic actors Viggo Mortensen and Marhershala Ali who brought so much to this true story about two men from totally opposite sides of the cultural spectrum take a two month road trip together to the south where they both were out of their perspective culture zones. Although they didn't "walk in each other's shoes," they walked close enough and through enough for each to change their perspectives of the other and to learn something from one another; ultimately becoming life long friends. Although there were exaggerations in personality portrayal of both main characters as well as others, they were good for a laugh and emphasized, within the length of a movie, the transitions made in two months.
We both loved this movie! It is a crowd pleaser, winning many people's choice awards at film festivals. It wins ours!

Viggo makes a character good at heart. Even in his violent scenes, the anger is understandable. As a history lesson for the way it was, it took men like this to push the envelope. Like when Howard Zinn went down south to teach at an all black girls school. Viggo sees the bigotry in his fellow whites and crushes it where he can, he's a good example for anyone that cares, IMHO. Great movie. Lawson di Ransom Canyon

I got tickets to see an advanced 'secret' showing of this movie, a movie I would most likely missed if I had known what it was in advance, but I'm glad I saw it. It's a funny feelgood heartwarming story. Well worth a look!

Marvelous acting, the right touch of humor, and the dark reality of base human behavior make this a powerful meaningful drama with a good message. We need more of these films, we need more of these moments in our lives, and less politics. Thanks for a great film. Oscars were well-deserved.

There's some enjoyment to be had while watching 'Green Book', but everything from the story to the cinematography feels very early 2000s, and it's ultimately quite shallow in its messages. It focuses more on the core friendship than anything else, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, and Mortensen and Ali have great chemistry which really gives the film its entertainment value. Unfortunately, though, it takes a long while for the main conceit to really get going and this first portion of the flick is almost devoid of any real entertainment value. Luckily though, once things get on the road it becomes a fairly entertaining time and moves along briskly - although the skit-based comedy that makes up for most it (which, again, feels outdated in a picture like this) becomes quite tiresome. Overall, it's sufficiently entertaining throughout - thanks largely to Mortensen and Ali - and moves briskly enough. It's let down by its outdated filmmaking and narrative conceit, though, and by its lack of depth, too. 6/10

Can't help but give it a 9/10. So heartwarming, with such talented actors! A masterpiece of new times.

I have read some bad reviews about this film. They were all wrong. It is a wonderful piece of movie. True, the story is not so original but life repeats itself from time to time. And it is inspired by true events.
But what is utterly breathtaking is the acting of the two characters. Viggo Mortensen, a great actor gives the performance of his life, definitely worth an Oscar. He became an ordinary working class Italian-American guy, I felt he is a member of the Sopranos' family... Mahershala Ali has a mighty presence, as always. The contrast between the aristocratic Ali and the working class Mortensen is funny and heart-warming at the same time. Both deserve the Oscar for their outstanding performance. The directing is professional and flawless. It is a must watch movie and you will will enjoy it for sure.

Mortensen is great but the film is a 2019 whitewash wish-list of the real story. The delivery is heavy-handed and the end product is trite and at times embarrassingly clunky.

Deals with racism and other sensitive subject matters far better than a lot of other movies I've seen recently. The two leads (Mortensen and Ali) have great chemistry together and the movie has a warm vibe that movies use to have in years gone by.

Best movie I've seen in s long time. Didn't even get up to go to the bathroom. I'm pleased that storytelling still exist. Amazing.

Funny, heartbreaking, hopeful and heartwarming. This movie has Oscar all over it, from Viggo Mortensen to Mahershali Ali to Peter Farrelly, who directed it. It's the best movie I've seen in years!! Viggo gets to play a totally different role and he's funny!

Based on the lives Don Shirley (A Pianist) and and Tony Vallelonga (A Bouncer), 'Green Book' is a surprisingly pleasant effort by Writer-Director Peter Farrelly, who delivers his most sensitive film to date. Farrelly known for madcap comedies, takes a different route this time, and delivers a road-film, that explores friendship and racism, with heart.'Green Book' Synopsis: A working-class Italian-American bouncer (Viggo Mortensen in a showy performance) becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist (Mahershala Ali, mastering in subtlety) on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.'Green Book' works because this is a truly heartening story of diversely different people who formed a bond, despite their differences. And Farrelly, along-with Co-Writers Nick Vallelonga (Tony Vallelonga's real-life son) and Brian Hayes Currie, makes sure the ride is memorable. Though the film does get monotonous at times and also feels about 15-minutes longer than should've been, 'Green Book' is a charming road-film, that is, in equal measure, humorous and serious.Tony and Don's relationship is nicely captured, as it begins from awkwardness to true friendship as the story progresses. The entire ark of its characters is well-done, like Tony's racial attitude towards Don initially and how their friendship forms, to Don realizing the power of being himself, deserves credit. Even the entire backdrop of Racism subjected toward Don, offers some hair-rising moments, that definitely leave you angered. The Writing, though imperfect, is well-aware of the times the story is set in (1960's) and presents a story that appears authentic, rather than frothy and artificial.Farrelly's Direction is competent. It's good to see the otherwise zany director, explore his subtler side here. Sean Porter's Cinematography is excellent. Patrick J. Don Vito's Editing is decent, but could've been crisper.Performance-Wise: Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are in fine form, yet again. Viggo, nailing the Italian accent and gulping down food like a true foodie, has a blast playing Tony, and it shows in every frame. Ali, on the other-hand, portrays the subdued Don, with grace and restraint. And the on-screen camaraderie between the two, is infectious. Of the supporting cast, Linda Cardellini as Tony's Wife, is extraordinary.On the whole, 'Green Book' charms. Make time for it.

This is not a "Christmas"movie but it does take place during the holidays. In this film two people who think they are opposites in reality have more in common than they have differences.In this film Dr Don Shirley is a world-class African-American pianist, who is about to embark on a concert tour in the Deep South in 1962. In need of a driver and protection, Shirley recruits Tony Lip, a tough-talking bouncer from an Italian-American neighborhood in the Bronx. Despite their differences, the two men soon develop an unexpected bond while confronting racism and danger in an era of segregation.This film does so many unexpected things and does them so well that you want to stand up and cheer. This is the best film I have seen in the past few years. Go see it!

One of my favorite cinematic experiences is when a film comes absolutely out of nowhere and ends up being incredible. That is pretty much the story of "Green Book", a movie that came into the 2018 holiday season with little hype but, when all is said and done, might be the frontrunner for "best film of the year" on many personal lists. It sure is on mine, I can tell you that!For a basic plot summary, "Green Book" tells the real-life 1962 story of Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali), a renowned piano player embarking on a tour of the Deep South. His race--African American--might pose some issues, so he hires cocky tough-guy Tony Lipp (Viggo Mortensen) from the Bronx to be his driver. As the two set out on their journey, it at first seems like an Odd Couple type of relationship. But as they experience more of each other's company--as well as the racial injustices of the territory--they come to both rely on and perhaps learn something from the other.This is a movie that really "sneaks up on you", so to speak. It starts off relatively straightforward and one could be forgiven for thinking it's maybe even a little slow. But that character development pays off in an enormous way, as by the end you'll be holding back tears (or failing to) after witnessing the bond these men form out on the road and in face of adversity.For a movie like "Green Book" to work, the acting has to be spot-on, and it surely is here. You'd never guess this was the same Mortensen that was once the sword-wielding Aragorn in the "Lord of the Rings" franchise. He went all-in for this role, shaping both his voice and body to fit the part. Ali has slowly built up a fantastic career for himself, and there's nothing to stop that process here. The arc of his character provides most of the emotion of the film, and his scenes range from heartbreaking to hilarious.Speaking of "hilarious", also consider that this film was directed by Peter Farrelly...yes, he of "Dumb & Dumber" fame! While seemingly an odd choice to helm such an emotional project, it proves to be EXACTLY the right decision, as the humor in the film goes a long way towards establishing rapport between the two leads. As deep as the "emotional stuff" goes (and it goes deep, to be sure), the comedy is easily just as well-done.I haven't even mentioned the soundtrack yet, which is another integral "role" in the film. Whether it be Shirley himself or just the "on the road" type tunes, the "Green Book" soundtrack is one of the best I've experienced in quite some time. A great mix of jazz, piano, and orchestral sections.As you can see, I think that perhaps the biggest reason why "Green Book" gets the full 10-star treatment from me is because it does a little bit of everything, and somewhat remarkably nails all those little areas to produce a masterpiece. The final compliment? The overall message of the film is a great one: that sometimes all it takes for two people to better understand each other (in this case it is black and white, but really it could be anything) is proximity. Had not fate drawn Dr. Shirley and Tony together, they would have spent the rest of their days likely stuck in their own little boxes. As it turned out, however, it took a road trip to cross those bridges and each man to learn a little from the other.Great story, acting, direction, humor, music, and emotion. What more can a movie-goer ask for?

Watching the friendship build between an uneducated racist white Italian and a well educated master black musician was entertaining and heart warming. And all the more poignant knowing it is based on a true story. At one point there is a discussion between the two about the wisdom of peaceful versus violent reaction to racism, a timely lesson or reminder for us all to hear in a time when an entire political party is being hijacked with extremist views (the press are our enemy, the Honduran caravan is an invasion, and "there were good people on both sides").

Ali and Mortensen both deserve Oscars for their performances is this wonderful, funny, sad & insightful movie!!

This movie gives no apologies for being schmaltzy. And I love it for that. It's classical storytelling ala "Driving Miss Daisy" in reverse. And color change.
Mahershala Ali is brilliant as piano prodigy Don Shirley, who needs someone to drive him on a tour through the deep South. Enter jamoke Tony Lipp. A newly unemployed bouncer whose brawn is worst than his bite played by Viggo Mortensen. Let's be honest, NOTHING is unexpected her if you've watched brotherly love movies from the past 30 years, or road movies for that matter like say..."Rain Man" the resolution is exactly what you think. But...so what? It's beautiful and touching and gets you in the right spot. And I love director Peter Farrelly for it. The problem with today's movies is that it believes being mean and criticizing ALL bigots means they have to be bumbling morons. Whilst true, there are also bigots with families who have good hearts or similar ignorance. That is the dynamics of depth. Obviously, the stakes aren't necessarily Civil Rights. It touches on it, but never pushes you into eye roll territory. Though presently criticized as softening the racism with humor, what is telling is that they paint Shirley's character as the world intelligent educated gifted Black man with talent and Viggo as coming to terms with others who are MUCH more bigoted as he. This illustrates the divide of class as much as race.
The tone is of joy and friendship and understanding. And though I think it's too simple to say it's begging for peace in a tumultuous era in America (it really isn't) it still is a fun road movie. More laughs than anything. Well crafted story of grown men finding ways to grow up.

Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are perfectly cast as a pair of people from other worlds. Mortensen is Tony the lip, a bouncer/driver who works the Copacabana in 1962 when the club is closed for renovations. He is hired by pianist Don Shirley (Ali) and it is off to the road for a concert tour. The north is is no problem but the south becomes a nightmare of racism for both men. The story is a beautiful one of discovery for the pair. The script is funny and tragic and Farrelly does a great directing job of the two stars. This is my pick for best picture at the Oscars and Mortensen for best actor. Please see this great film

This movie is great on so many levels: the acting is superb (Mahershala Ali, Viggo Mortensen and Linda Cardelini completely win your heart); the writing is well crafted (balancing tension and wit); the period is faithfully represented; and the characters are full and believable. I went to this movie expecting it to be good, because of the talent involved, and I was thoroughly entertained. I give this movie a 9 (superb) out of 10. {Drama based on a real friendship}

The only thing better than the story is the performance by Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. Both of them deliver flawless performances and show tremendous chemistry together. This movie will be in the running for many awards and I think they will come home with some silverware. It was much better than I was expecting and I went in the theatres with high expectations.

It's 1962 New York City. "Tony Lip" Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen) is a nightclub bouncer and a tough guy ingratiating himself with gangsters. When his workplace gets shut down for a two month renovation, he gets a job driving peculiar classical pianist Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) to his concerts in the deep south.There are issues but the movie has its heart in the right place. I don't mind the racist Tony Lip finding redemption and friendship in Shirley. Viggo is doing it pretty broadly but the main problem is Shirley. There are scenes where Farrelly is desperate for humor but it only heightens my disbelief. First is the cringeworthy KFC. It's crazy that a man has never had fried chicken despite coming from the south. The point should have been that he prefers not to eat fried chicken (and watermelon and collard greens and grits). It's not that he doesn't like it. He avoids it to avoid his roots. The same goes for the music. He's a musician for heaven's sake. Maybe he's not up to date but he had probably studied aspects of modern music and he's probably met a few of those artists. It's all wrong. His broadly played homosexuality is also a little awkward. I was really scared where Farrelly was taking that until it was saved by Tony who as a nightclub bouncer claims to have seen it all. It's a nice surprising twist to his character and in keeping with his transactional nature. Even the letter writing could be improved if some forethought had occurred. There is no reason why Dolores would go gaga over the letters when she suspects that it's Shirley's writing. She should hold back on the affection with the other girls going gaga. Only when she gets the house letter does she goes head over heels. It would show that she knows him best. These little nagging issues keep the movie from being great although I still enjoyed it.

This is my first review here and I feel that I need to write and praise this movie. The film is full of human warmth, sincerity, and shows the connection of human souls.I was touched emotionally and I cried a few times from happiness, and I must mention phenomenal music! I recommend the film to everyone because it carries a nice message and celebrates friendship and positive interpersonal qualities. My ratings big 10 *

Just watched this movie and it's fantastic. Marsherala Ali and Viggo Mortensen are both fantastic in this great film. It has a great feel good ending. Highly recommended.

STRENGTHS: the chemistry and character dynamics of morteson and ali. They teach each other different things throughout the film that really make you think. This film also has a great sense of humor throughout.WEAKNESSES: None for me. This is my favorite film of 2018!

I just enjoyed a preview screening of "Green Book," a heartwarming family film scheduled to release over the Thanksgiving holiday. Green Book is based on a true story about a black concert pianist (played by Mahershala Ali) who tours the American Deep South in the early 1960's, and takes along a rough-and-tumble Italian bar bouncer as his driver/fixer (played by Viggo Mortensen). The driver begins the tour as a northern racist who takes the eight week assignment because he needs quick cash, while the pianist starts the tour as a lonely and pompous prick unable to fully navigate the white world where his music is highly valued, and equally uncomfortable in black-America. Through the film we see the two characters find each other and themselves as they subtly bond, and we feel the connection as a real friendship blossoms. The title of the film comes from a once essential tour book that listed hotels and other businesses willing to serve black customers, in an era when American blacks were legally equal to whites but discrimination remained grossly overt. I was fortunate to see Green Book at Dartmouth College in a packed 237 seat theater with an audience that responded well to the drama and humor, and to the empathy developing on-screen. Green Book is a well-crafted PG-13 film that pulled excellent reviews in festival showings, and tells an important story in a touching way. The film shines a light on an ugly part of American history, and offers hope that by connecting with diverse characters and lives we can overcome our divisions. It's a wonderful story that perfectly fits our present times, and it needs to be shared.

Good film when you ignore the blinding historical discrepancies and the overarching white saviour trope.
Ali was the strongest actor of the bunch and sometimes you couldn't tell if he was in character or just fed up with the film itself and honestly, mood.
The soundtrack outside of the actual music was generic at best and outright annoying at worst, mainly towards the end of the film.
When their road trip is ending it kinda takes a weird tonal shift and starts to feel like a hallmark Christmas movie, I understand that it is Christmas within the timeline and they wanted a nice heartwarming ending but it felt forced.
The film tries hard to be a feel good movie but ends up leaving a bad taste in your mouth, Had potential and would be better if it were in the hands of a black director and writers who actually consulted dr Shirley's family instead of just Tony's son.

I like this film but I could see EVERY cliche coming a mile away!

A fair number of film critics have argued that Peter Farrelly's Green Book, his new dramedy set in the early civil rights era of the 60s, is designed to make its chiefly white audience, "feel better about racism." Such a specious argument has it that the film promulgates the false notion that the racial tensions of today can be ignored (or even denied) primarily by white liberals by watching this optimistic tale of bonding between a gay black musician and Italian salt of the earth bouncer.
Some of these critics go further when they insist that the deck is stacked in favor of the protagonist Tony Lip (Viggo Mortensen), the gruff driver whom Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) hires to ensure that his concert tour of the deep South goes smoothly. Tony does so much more for Dr. Shirley, that some critics maintain that primary screenwriter Nick Vallelonga (Tony's real-life son) has turned his father into a "white savior."
Nothing actually can be further from the truth. Tony benefits from Dr. Shirley's influence just as much as Dr. Shirley from his. Their relationship is symbiotic. Both represent a fish out of water-Tony is exposed to Dr. Shirley's rarefied, world of culture while the sophisticated musician is forced by Tony to become more spontaneous, dealing with all the attendant street characters that challenge his ordered vision of the world.
What rankles many of these critics is that Dr. Shirley doesn't conform to their stereotyped image of what a black man should be. He's the opposite of "street culture," having grown up in a white world and trained as a classical musician. What's more he's gay and looks down on other blacks whom he regards as uncultured and uncouth. Indeed his decision to travel through the deep south as a goodwill ambassador marks this unusual man as courageous as he's forced to endure constant humiliation by a coterie of racists at every turn.
It's Dr. Shirley who forces Tony to re-evaluate his deep-set beliefs about race. When we first meet Tony, he looks down on black people so much that he places two drinking glasses in the garbage after he spies the two African-American plumbers at his house, drinking out of them. Tony eventually comes to realize that his employer doesn't fit his stereotyped view of blacks; how can it be that Dr. Shirley never eats fried chicken?
The comic scene where Tony persuades Dr. Shirley to eat the chicken is the beginning of Tony's reevaluation of his racism. Meanwhile, Dr. Shirley must effect an attitude re-adjustment of his own, eating the chicken with his fingers, manners which he initially regards as beneath him.
Other critics also feel that the screenwriters are much harder on Dr. Shirley than Tony. Where Dr. Shirley plays Cyrano, teaching Tony better manners on how to write proper love letters to his wife, Dr. Shirley is depicted with much more self-destructive traits-he has one too many drinks and finds himself surrounded by racists at a bar, finally rescued by Tony in the nick of time.
Both Tony and Dr. Shirley are social outcasts however; both have trouble controlling their temper and in this respect they're very similar. Tony ends up punching a police officer in the face over an ethnic insult and Dr. Shirley has to be stopped by Tony from attacking the matre d who won't allow him to eat dinner with whites.
Perhaps the greatest scene in the film is when Tony and Dr. Shirley stop their car on the way to North Carolina and spy a group of black sharecroppers toiling away in the fields. This is where they both realize they have much more in common than the sharecroppers, who live a life of virtual indentured servitude.
At that moment Tony and Dr. Shirley can appreciate their freedom. It's a moment of epiphany for all characters concerned-the expression of wonderment on the faces of the sharecroppers whom have never seen an independent, "free" black man before; Dr. Shirley's realization of the true nature of the oppression of his people and Tony's appreciation of Dr. Shirley's sensitivity toward other blacks, whom perhaps in the past he would never have payed attention to.
The liberation of both Tony and Dr. Shirley is illustrated in the denouement. Dr. Shirley is able to "let loose," playing blues music at an African-American bar and Tony admonishes his relatives for speaking poorly of black people at the dinner table.
Ali shows his versatility as Dr. Shirley, playing the upper crust musician (in contrast to his street tough role in Moonlight) and Viggo Mortensen (gaining about 40 lbs. for the role), shows off his acting chops as the gruff Italian. Kudos also to director Peter Farrelly, usually known for low light comedies, but in this case venturing forward into much more rewarding territory.
Green Book is nothing more than a feel-good story about race relations based on a true story. For those who can't stomach such a note of optimism in the face of a disappointing historical legacy, shame on them!

Couldn't watch this beyond the 50 minute mark. No chemistry between the leads and their dialogue felt scripted and forced.

This a way to shallow buddy movie. It's just not offensive enough to make this relationship work. Instead, you have two almost cartoonesque characters who just don't bring the magic. The main promise of this film is to stay political correct towards everyone. Playing it save is not always good I guess. So is bad writing. Unbelievable scenes make it a worthy contender for the Golden Raspberry Award. But I guess me not living in the USA, is the reason why I don't get the Oscars. And yes I do like both actors, especially Viggo Mortensen. They were just cast in to a perfectly boring/shallow film.

This is one of the blandest and most simplistic depictions of racism I've ever seen in a movie since 2006's trash film Crash.The only part of this movie that passes as okay is some of the acting. But even then I never bought Viggo Mortensen or Mashallah Ali's characters. They tried with what they had, but they had poor direction.There's a distinct lack of grit and cursing in this film about traveling through the south with a black man and that really bugged me.Also for some reason this film is shot like a comedy while tackling a very serious subject, it's a very odd clash... oh my god the worst thing about this movie (besides the simplified story/cartoonishly simplistic view of racism) is the "comedy". I never laughed once at any of the jokes, but I did laugh at Viggo's hilariously stereotypical Italian accent, It's like watching Mario audition for Glory.Also the musical score.for the film is pretty bad and bland, it's mostly violin music played to "enhance emotion" moments. It all feels so manipulative.Anyhoo, I feel old white people will like this movie, but younger audiences will see through this phoney film and be mostly bored.

This film has some entertaining moments. It touched upon some important points, and the overall tone is fairly light. The production design and music are both outstanding in this film.Here's what is disappointing: it seems that the Director and writers did not do due dilligence to make sure it would be a fairly accurate representation of Don Shirley. Recently, there have been complaints issued by several members of Shirley's family. They were not contacted for their contribution or their approval. Because Shirley was a private man, there are certain unknowns about his relationships. To go further, there seems to be strikingly different views on the relationship between Don Shirley and Tony "Lip" --- was their bond of friendship genuine, as the film presents? Or did this film take measures to pump-up-the-volume, to serve it's own interests? Others viewers might ask: why would a director or writer proceed with a project without making sincere efforts to communicate with surviving members of Shirley's family?Lovely cast, although Mortensen (an outstanding actor) gave a over-the-top (sometimes cartoonish) delivery of a Bronx tough-guy with a soft heart. Mahershala (another very apt actor) was fully committed, but after seeing an online video of the "REAL Don Shirley", I have to wonder if Ali researched the persona of Shirley. The actor recently offered an apology to Shirley's family members, but if this project had been vetted out, some of these mishaps could have been avoided.

If I were to sum this film up it would be funny, charming, pretty and unoriginal. Every stereotype about African Americans in the 1960s is reversed and removed from the black character and placed on the white character. It's a rehash of a dark part of American history, shown via the adventure of two people on the opposite ends of the social spectrum.What really disappointed me however was the acting by Viggo Mortensen. His New York City accent was borderline terrible. I'm from NYC and I am Italian American. It was unnatural. People do not force their accents like that here. His performance reminded me of Travolta's accent in Saturday Night Fever. Way over the top and forced.Gripes aside, the two main characters have decent chemistry and their growing bond over the course of the film feels genuine and felt. The cinematography and set designs were spectacular as well. It's not the most dramatic film though. I can't give Green Book more than a 6/10. Worth a watch but very forgettable.

I forgot when was the last time I went out of the cinema and didn't feel even a bit disappointed. This movie is a living classic and I'm sure I will rewatch it many many times.
Green book is a simple yet touching story of two different people who have to work together, for different reasons as well: one needs the money, the other needs the services only the first can provide almost flawlessly. Eventually the need to help each other becomes a habit and from there on in transforms into something much more valuable than both people could have expected: a friendship.
Viggo Mortensen is the heart of this movie, he made me laugh, he made me think of myself lots of times too. Mahershala Ali's performance was solid and thought-out; both characters are well-written and you can feel their chemistry from the very first scene of their meeting. I would also like to single out the amazing soundtrack of this masterpiece and wonderful screenplay.
We have a lot of prejudices in our lives about all kinds of people, some we learned from experience, some were rooted deep inside us since day one but all of them can fade in a moment when you learn the person next to you is not a walking and talking stereotype you painted him to be - he is more complex than that; all the people are, we are just too lazy to think out of the box once in a while. "Green book" is just about the perfect reason to do it more frequently.

This movie was quality viewing. Acting from both stars 10/10. Well directed drama with loads of humour. Yes it has the usual racial cliches you expect from this type of movie but it doesn't take itself too seriously like the majority do. Go and enjoy you won't be let down. Should be an Oscar contender.

Is it me, or is Viggo REALLY over-acting in this film? I found his portrayal of Tony to be a one-note caricature of a numb nutted Itailian slob. Not only that, but the whole movie was like a bad TV movie. And that description no longer holds up because it's Television (specifically cable television) where all the truly great storytelling takes place now. The writing in this film was trite at best, and overly dramatic at worst. This is the second movie starring Viggo I couldn't stand. The other film was, The History Of Violence. Not sure I will pay to see another one of his films.

This is not a movie this is time travel to history. I enjoyed every moment of it.
Great work Viggo Mortensen, Mahershala Ali and all the gang.
Tip: although Christmas take part some minutes only it's in my top list of Christmas recommendations for sure.

It did not only NOT suck but ruled! I haven't seen something this inspirational, something so well written, so well acted, the whole project was something of legends! This is a must see for everyone, learn something Dang! But artistically speaking, yes this is upper tier work; lets see what happens come trophy time, but my money is on this wonderful affair! This was spectacular! Mr. Ali is definitely going places!

I was disappointed that this movie isn't doing well at the box office but after seeing it I understand why, and knowing that it's based on a true story. People don't like to be reminded of the difficult past, the discrimination and prejudice that our country has suffered in the Deep South many years ago, and still exists in some places today. I thoroughly enjoyed the movie, especially seeing the dynamic between the two primary characters, Tony and Dr. Shirley, and given some of the awkward and challenging scenes. Both actors deserve Oscars, and this is a must-see movie for all ages of adults.

Remember the Farrelly brothers? Yeah, that's a name I haven't heard in a little while. They were previously remembered to making a lot of farce comedies like Dumb and Dumber, There's Something About Mary, and The Three Stooges. That makes it even more fascinating that one of them, Peter Farrelly is now directing a "dramedy" about race relations and friendship. The jarring shift in tone relates to the fact that the pair had been having trouble finding that same comedic fire from before. Movies like Hall Pass, The Three Stooges and Dumb and Dumber To were not hit movies with critics or at the box office. It makes sense that at least one of them would want to try something different.The good news is that even with a different kind of movie, it's still possible for a filmmaker to follow similar themes. In the case of Peter Farrelly, the main character is still a blue-collar man who goes on a journey. I think that's why he and his brother's movies before used to appeal to a mainstream audience; it was easier to relate to someone who was on a similar class level. So let's see what happens in Green Book, again a Farrelly production.In the early sixties, rough bouncer Tony "Lip" Vallelonga (played by Viggo Mortensen) is out of work when the nightclub he works at is closed for renovations. His experience leads him to be interviewed by a "Doctor Don Shirley". What Tony discovers is that Don Shirley (played by Mahershala Ali) is a musician who needs a driver to escort him for a concert tour in the Deep South. Though there is clear difference in class and race, Tony is hired based on his recommendation and that he would be a needed help within the segregated area.During the car ride, it's made clear that the two come from different worlds. Tony is unrefined, a slob and is proud of his rough Italian heritage while Don is classy, well educated and is proud of his classical training. Over time, Tony is impressed with Don's piano playing comparing him to Liberace and Don see's the humanity within Tony. The further they go south, the more Tony understands the unfair nature of segregation and Don is forced to see just how different his world is compared to African-Americans in the poorer areas. Though the two become friends, Tony is not only concerned he won't be home for his family on Christmas Eve, but that perhaps he'd been unfair in the past.I guess it shouldn't matter where Green Book came from; it may be one of my favorite movies of 2018. A lot of people might see it as that because it's addressing this issue. Truth to be told, that's not what this movies does well in. In fact, I see this movie as a class separation story that works thanks to its script and actors. The best movie I can connect this to is Driving Miss Daisy. That movie also addressed race relations in the Deep South, but was a story about friendship first. Green Book is also like that.The biggest difference is that along with two men, the plot has to two stuck in the car as they go to each town. Thankfully, the script allows for fun moments without seemingly too comedic. It's likely how the dialogue would have gone down with me if I was thrown into this situation. It's more natural then a lot of stories that probably would have skipped to the race relations' stuff.The winning combination is the two leads Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. They both had challenging roles as they could have fallen into the stereotype trap. But thanks to a good script, both actors embrace their personas and make each of their characters more human by making them both susceptible to each others suggestions. This isn't a story where everything is changed, but that's also the idea. Its about tolerance rather then acceptance. Both are clear about each others differences, but still find ways to become friends. It's never boring and even leads into jokes that I found funnier then a lot of regular comedies. It's just a nice film overall.I'll give this ten pianos out of ten. I still have more award movies to watch, but I can see this playing over well during the holiday season. This is a kind of movie that isn't made too often, but need more of. Just movies that feel like pleasant conversations you'd have with any friend. This is a definite recommendation.

An OK film, but has been overhyped and not sure why it got the oscar. It has a few nice moments, but there's not much beyond the usual cliches. Finding it out it was based on a true story was the only real surprise and was heartwarming enough.

Honestly i had no idea what i am going to watch , even the name seemed like a boring movie so i opened Imdb to see what is going on , Honestly i was blown away , The Film blew me away
it is really worth watching , amazing and entertaining movie , i can watch it more than one time , I hope we get more movies like that less super hero's , because everyone in hollywood became a super hero this days

I was moved by this film and enjoyed it from start to finish. Based on a true story about a black pianist performing to rich white Americans, he hires an ex bouncer an Italian American to drive him from gig to gig on a 2 month road trip.. a bond is formed. And it's funny , emotional and inspiring. Lovely film 9/10 

In 2018, the year filled with barely average crowdpleasers and blockbusters, it is hard to find a truly moving movie experience, one that doesn't make you seek the picture's redeeming qualities, instead offering a clean experience based on simplicity and great character arcs and performances.Without paying much attention to the filmmakers' prior work, I was surprised by Green Book and charmed by its simplistic but masterfully crafted story and tone. It is hard for moviegoers not to get fed up with overly simplified and dumbed down narratives; however, Green Book proves that a complex story isn't a prerequisite for a well-made movie. The narrative is very well structured, the main story arc is the journey, the tour across the Deep South and the bonding of two apparently very different people with very different worldviews. Each scene is meaningful as it introduces a new element to the narrative, or gives a satisfying and positive conclusion to a previously presented problem. The movie is well-paced and each scene is perfectly self-contained, but it adds to the main arc of the characters' journey. It never focuses on one particular encounter for too long, but it never feels rushed.The two main characters are extraordinary. Tony (Mortensen) is easily understood and it doesn't take much screen time for him to sink in. We meet the man through his habits and the way that he talks, thinks and interacts with the world. The best kind of characterisation isn't done by putting the characters in dramatic situations and offering them difficult choices; it is better to let the viewers observe them in everyday situations. Ali's character Don is far more complex at first, which makes sense in the narrative as he is the exact opposite of Tony. Even though he observes the world from above, he rarely seems cruel or egocentric. His goal is to change the world's view of his people by the courageous act of doing the tour in a part of America where coloured people aren't as welcome. Even though his behaviour is highly sophisticated, he learns the joy of letting go of his routines and narrowminded beliefs. The discovery of newfound freedom brings him positivity and eventually the cure to his self-inflicted loneliness. Being different or deeming oneself better than others isn't a permanent solution to one's social position. The problem is deepened even further by racial stereotypes, as he proves that coloured people shouldn't have been treated as those of lesser value. He both stands up to segregation and develops understanding for the people he considers his own. After the two-hour long journey, Tony accepts Don as no different than his own people and resolves his inner conflict of racial acceptance showing that he's also grown as a person.Recently/In the intervening years, racial discrimination has become a progressively more present subject. Most movies tend to show the most brutal sides of racism and hardships of the lives of coloured people. Green Book doesn't force us to feel sorry for them; it helps us understand the pain and disgrace discrimination inflicts on an outstanding individual as well as on the entirety of people. It isn't brutal, but humiliating and unfair, unreasonable and unacceptable. The important theme is present in a lighthearted manner, but it still sinks in deep and provokes thought.Green Book is visually fantastic as it maintains a simple aesthetic and the visuals of the 60s without becoming overly stylized or too raw and bland. The score is fitting, and the piano pieces are as unique as they are described in the story. Overall it's some of the best movie experiences if not the best of 2018, and I would recommend it to both quality movie lovers and people seeking a simple smart comedy with a heartwarming tone and message.

Literally just finished watching this movie and could not be happier.It is an incredible story about how two men from different backgrounds subtly and not-so-subtly effect each other and the men they are.Mortensen is at his best again. He is a phenomenal actor whose body of work is based on strong dramatic performances. This was one of the few times we have had the opportunity to witness him in a truly "character" role. His ability to perform captivates and entrances, and you often forget that it is Viggo. While he has steep competition against Malek for the Oscar, I think that Mortensen has the best chance to take it this year among possible nominees, aside from Malek.Ali's performance is nothing short of outstanding. He is an absolutely fantastic actor with an ever-increasing background of fine films. While he is being billed as "supporting" for this film, without his presence in the role, this film would have not been what it is. I cannot picture anyone else speaking the lines in this movie. It was made for him, and this year's Oscar will be too.If you haven't already, prepare yourself for a fantastic journey, and watch this film as soon as you can. You won't be disappointed.

Our family chooses a movie to see in the theatre every year during Christmas. This year we accidentally chose VICE, which is horrific. Tonight, we feel like we redeemed ourselves by catching Green Book.
My first impression is that it will be a shame if Viggo Mortensen does not win an award for his performance. He was absolutely incredible--every single line the entire movie. He nailed it.
I gave this a 9/10 instead of 10/10 only because it had the slightest "Disney" feel to it. NOT a big deal, but I'm the kind of reviewer that reserves a 10/10 for just a very few movies.
This is a feel good movie that would be easy to just sit back and enjoy. This one should have been our Christmas movie.

The movie contains all elements to be called masterpiece: amazing actors, entertaining and deep scenario and good directing! I haven't been exited from a movie since very long time. It must be in everyone's watchlist.

If I could sum it in one word it will be : Fabulous.
Seen a lot of movies showing the Black and White divide. Most of them were overdramatic. But this one is subtle, peaceful and a pleasure to watch.
We have the white guy who takes no non-sense and the black guy, the pianist, who endures everything with grace. And in the end we see the white guy mellow down and the pianist rebel and both enjoying the change.
A very well made movie with no preaching or over dramatism.
This ones a winner.

White-washed view of what this would've really been like with two stereotypes as the primary roles.

It is almost as stereotypical of a film as Crash. This was made for one reason, to appease. Film and TV are extremely competitive nowadays so we have relentless pandering to every little discrepancy and art has suffered in lieu of profit.Music is dead and so is film now. At least in America

I watched this movie without any prior judgment. Though I've seen the ratings and hear the fuss around it. It released in India a week later then the American release but I know like me many could've missed it. I'm Glad, finally I got the time to see it and I want to write about it. So, this movie is inspired by the true story about friendship between Donald Shirley (Ali), an erudite African-American pianist and his white chauffer Tony (Viggo). First of all, I didn't know what "GREEN BOOK" is before I saw the movie. It is a book which is "to give the Negro traveler information that will keep him from running into difficulties, embarrassments and to make his trip more enjoyable" because African-American travelers faced hardships such as white-owned businesses refusing to serve them or repair their vehicles, being refused accommodation or food by white-owned hotels, and threats of physical violence and forcible expulsion from their town. So, it is a journey between them and how they're able to accept each other throughout. It is a "MUST SEE" movie even though you were not sure about what it is like to have an African American in 1960s. I enjoyed many scenes specially when they enter Kentucky and enjoyed KFC though Don was reluctant at first because of hygiene. I can't reveal much and I don't want to because the movie shows the essence of humanity which is above color and discrimination. There're many heart wrenching scenes too and humor top notch. Don't miss this movie of 2018! I bet you'll feel good after watching this, tell me how many movies can does that!!!

What a great gift of a Christmas movie and more! In this time of division, anger and hatred, this picture offered hope and a look at how people can overcome their differences and bigotries. What makes it even better is that it's based on true events. The script was exceptional and the editing moved the storyline along seamlessly. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali were pitch perfect in their respective roles. Oscar worthy movie and performances. I would urge anyone who would like a positive and inspiring experience to go see this movie. So rare these days.

Really nice heartfelt story. I didn't know much about it going in, there is a genuine connection between the two men wonderfully played by Viggo and Mahershala. Peter Farrelly surprises by delivering a genuinely gripping drama from the usual comedies he makes. Highly recommend this film.

My thoughts: the film battles in art. The art is Tony's life is living out in the open through hedonism, competition, family, violence; a work of art actual 'performance' (many see a meta-performance and I do as well), all amount to the inverse of Don; who lives in the abstraction of piano where humanity is safely within symbol. So all of those ways Tony lives, Don lives in hiding; in performance, in sexual repression, in self protection. Then the cross in approaches contrasts the two opposing spectrum to comedic effect; Dumb and Smarter. The key for me is the magic stone, the great symbol allowing him proximity to his discomfort, that abandons his distraction in eating for genuine social connection through art. The ending feels wrong in the natural escalation of its presentation of symbols would reveal Tony being in the closet. Cronenberg ought to have made it...Basically, Tony does all the learning while Don's ending does not seem very happy at all, destined only to continue reinforcing his internal fortification within this sole window to the outside world. Not sure how feel good it actually is but for how intent it is on being so damned on the nose, I can't make heads or tails of what they thought they were doing. Director Farrely having a big moment is fun though as those 90's comedies deserved best picture in some sense.

The story is very good, the film is very smooth and entertaining, but Viggo Mortensen absolutely skyrockets the whole film with his performance. He sounds true, his acts true and original and after this movie, i am trule convinced that he is one of the most underrated actors in his generation.

Best movie of the year and I've seen in awhile. Not much to find wrong as it had drama, comedy and morality all in one. Didn't remember main actor (Viggo) from previous movies but he was decent; supporting actor Ali continues to impress and show his range as an actor. Could have given it a 10 but since they kept the graphic racist actions that probably occurred to a PG-13 level, I chose to give a 9. PG-13 hopefully makes it a fan favorite for years to come because there is much to learn from this story.

First of all let me say there is very little wrong with this film. It's true rating is about a 9/10 but it's underrated atm so I've given it a 10 for now. The story is one that we might have heard again and again and may come across as cliche, but guess what, the vast majority of what happened actually happened.I can see numerous reviews here attacking the writing with one user claiming that Shirley's apartment is ridiculous, however the real Don Shirley did have an apartment above Carnegie hall. Attacks on Mortensen playing a 'caricature' Italian american, Tony Lip was the definition. He actually was in the sopranos as well as the Godfather and Goodfellas, so it's no cliche and he did not over-act. Some people just love to hate and it's a shame because the real story behind this film is incredibly uplifting and the acting is brilliant. Ali's delivery is emotional and felt honest.

When I skimmed through the plot, I was expecting some stereotypical interracial film but it turned out to be quite funny and delightful. This film depicts the beautiful journey of tony in discovering his true self and learning to accept his shortcomings. Also, we see the musical brilliance of don shirley and his sheer strength in fighting the discrimination. Truly a beautiful film with a beautiful ending. 8/10

A wonderful story, exquisitely told and brought to life, highlighting the importance and magnitude of the simple act of kindness. Uplifting and powerful and a film I won't ever forget.

It was funnier than I was anticipating! I was a little worried there would be too much violence (like the first couple scenes) but it definitely improved and exceeded my expectations! The set, props, and production were perfectly and appropriately constructed. I believe this could win best picture this year! The leading actors' performances are amazing and I really enjoyed seeing Sebastian Maniscalco in the cast too!

Congratulations !!!I simply loved it. Everything is given in its dose.Both Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali play extraordinary. You put yourself into the shoes of both of them. You love each although they are opposite characters. I think it is the success of the director, writers, film editors and of course the actors.Music is the bonus.At this stage the movie raised in my Oscars listing to the top.

Most of the favorable responses accurately capsule this film and don't justify repeating. But such care in producing a fine effort is always diminished when annoyingly full of historical error. Aretha Franklin (referenced) was not a well-known performer in 62. A black police officer on the Macon force in 62? Hummm. Maybe. Lawrence of Arabia (background marquee) not released until a year after the setting. And always, wrong vintage cars being used. And would someone fact check whether Bobby Kennedy convinced George Wallace in 62 to order a small-town police chief to spring both guys within hours after what was, technically, a righteous detention? Come on, two years later he couldn't get a black in 'Bama without Federal Marshalls. Millions spent on such productions are routinely skimped when it comes to due diligence.

Great actors with a wonderful script ! It was so nice and enjoyable to see people at their best and not their worst!

Put 2 great actors together and you have a winner. A wonderful road movie with exceptional performances. A truly glorious period drama. I enjoyed this movie immensely.

I really can't believe this film won the Oscar for the best picture of the year.. it's almost disappointing.. yes sure it was a decent movie with good acting (Vigo was amazing, the other actor was just ok for me) but.. so many "buts", concerning the clichs, the thematology which was pretty much "old", the predictable plot and the main message about racism and accepting each other etc, which was presented in a rather shallow and simplified way.. it's a no from me

This films carries you through a road trip with lots of humor and also you are learning how we can change our view about something. This story is quite good and performed by these great actors makes it even better. Brilliant movie.

This movie has it all, marvellous acting, an interesting story, a little bit of history, humor, seriousness when needed and overall leaves you with a feeling of warmth and satisfaction. I especially liked the way the relationship between the two main characters was portraited, it was very realistic.

Just wonderful, it's nice to feel uplifted by a film for a change.

My first awesome movie in 2019
everything is excellent

The stories about unexpected friendships are recognized for which are inspired by real events, to see the main characters would initially meet each other for the job. Until they would travel together in a journey, which a friendship between them would come out. Some of these stories would end that the main characters would remain connected by keeping seeing each other, others would end that the main characters would separate each of their roads but without forgetting what an incredible bond they have. The filmmaker Peter Farrelly was intrigued to release a movie about friendships, inspired by a real event but without his brother Bobby Farrelly's collaboration. In 2018 came out Green Book by Peter Farrelly, with Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. The movie's plot: in 1960s, an Italian-American bouncer Tony Vallelonga or also known as Tony "Lip" (Viggo Mortensen), would get a job as driver and bodyguard for the talented jazz pianist Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali). For the long venues tour through South America, since they would travel in this journey a friendship between them would come out. The movie is a comedy-drama which mixes both elements to be workable, by using the humor in a natural way without forcing it and the drama can be emotional to be touching. The movie's narration tells the story to catch the audience attention, as the screenplay was elaborated to maintain the rhythm without ruing it. Viggo Mortensen did an excellent performance as Tony Lip, who would act in a rude way when he would take some actions. But since he would travel in the venues tour, he would take care Don Shirley to make sure Don would not get in trouble. In the course of the story Tony would write love letters to his wife, until he would get helped by Don to express better Tony's emotions. Mahershala Ali was extraordinary as Don Shirley who even is a talented jazz pianist, he would be seen with bad eyes because of the racism at the time set on the movie. Don Shirley and Tony Vallelonga would find out through the tour, they have many things in common to be then close to each other. They both would also help each other to find solutions, to be surprisingly smart as they would move forward on their journey. Green Book is one of the best 2018's movies, Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali were both surprisingly extraordinary in the movie.

After I watched this the first thing I thought of was the Oscars. Both Viggo and Ali should win Oscars and then the movie itself should win and probably several other categories. I've been waiting for a Viggo performance like this ever since the Lord of the Rings. What makes this even more interesting is the fact that it is a true story. Viggo was so great that I forgot during the movie that it was Viggo. And Ali was so powerful that I hung on his every word. It's moving, touching, real life, and powerful. I found myself laughing so hard sometimes I was crying, not that it was funny like a comedy, but it was humor that can only come from real life and real moments. Amazing movie. Solid 10. Might be the best movie I've ever seen.(I don't include LOTR because that's a whole different thing and I don't compare any movie to that).

History shows that what makes people better is their education and not their skin color. While spend it on monotonous trips. Obviously, this film took relevance due to the current political agenda that is handled in the USA.

I like a film that entertains with comedy and drama. This film has a good message about race problems in the '60's, and what people were subjected to. Everything about this film is perfect. Great cast that deserve recognition, and a story line with educational value. Please see this film when you get a chance. It's not boring, and your family can see it as well. Just not young children, but 12 and older perhaps

This movie absolutely deserves the Best Picture nomination that it has been given. I hope it wins! Hands down...a gazillion times better than Roma (blech!). I thoroughly enjoyed Green Book and all of it's amazing characters. Viggo and Mahershala are phenomenal!! I look forward to seeing it again! Run don't walk to see this movie!

Regardless of its veracity, Green Book offered a tame but warming story of race relations in the 60s. Viggos character felt a bit like an overly wholesome stereotype, but nevertheless like able, while Ali's role seemed very dependent and vulnerable. Nothing is spectacular about the film but still a well done, feel good fick.

Went into this film not knowing anything about the storyline - Brilliant performances by the 2 leads - Strong storyline about a road trip to Deep South USA and the racial tensions at the time - Great film which develops along the trip - Worth a view

Good review of the many types of racism of the 50's and 60's. Cleverly done by wrapping it together with a great story line. No wasted scenes. Moves along and makes many points.

I loved this movie for its portrayal of our society outside the urban areas and the treatment of minorities. However, while it has humorous moments, I cannot understand calling it a comedy! I hate when a movie has this designation and the audience thinks it obligatory to guffaw at things that are ironic or smile worthy. breaking the mood and the atmosphere for other, more sophisticated viewers.

This film was flawlessly executed. It reminds me of and was as good as The Intouchables, currently being remade as The Upside. Both are about two people from very different backgrounds who bring something vital to the other. Both stories are told with warmth and humor. Definitely Oscar worthy.

This film tells the story of two men, who are polar opposites of each other in every single way, going on a trip together.I find the story really incredible. It's touching, funny, disturbing and heartwarming all at the same time. It's a thought provoking film, yet entertaining at the same time.

While I enjoyed this film. It was just a reminder how primitive backwards US was just 50 years ago and still an ongoing progression. From ignorance to racism and bad people. I'm surprised it didn't turn out to be a nightmare when people who lived the harshness in life can break a person. I felt mad at some points but the movie was rather entertaining. It was more of a feel good movie and friendship when reality is different than what people endured.

It's well protrayed and the plot is amazing. I thought it's going to be a normal boring moving but eventually my tears starts to roll out from my eyes at some point and got me smile as well.

I read a bunch of reviews here and the good ratings Are True! I saw this two nights ago, and I loved it. I have been a fan of Viggo Mortensen since History of Violence, and wanted to see Ali because I have been hearing his name around... this movie is very well done and seeing how atrocious racism in the deep south used to be made me think about how we have come very far in a lot of ways, but there is still more to do. It's not just that though, it's about two people who both are completely different and both have their own issues with stereotypes etc and they manage to overcome that and find friendship ..what a cool story .. the film is just awesome in the cars, clothing, set design etc and I highly recommend this for just about anyone

Green Book is a road story, telling the relationship between a racist Italian-American bodyguard and his boss who is a famous black piano player.
Viggo Mortensen who is playing Tony Lip, the Italian bodyguard, shines as a leading actor. Tony Lip is an uneducated but a practical person. He can even eat 26 hot dogs for money or steal the gangster's precious hat and sell back to the gangster again. We see his racism in the scene he puts the glasses which black workers drank lemonade, to the garbage. He became unemployed when Copa, the nightclub he works, closed for renovation.
At that time the famous piano player Dr. Shirley (played by Academy Award winner Mahershala Ali) was looking for a driver for his tour to the southern cities of USA. He needed not only a driver, but a practical man getting things done in the tour program. He was well educated, can speak at least 3 languages, but his social skills is not well developed. He hires Tony Lip and the the tour begins.
We know the director Peter Farrelly and his brother from absurd comedies like The Dumb and The Dumber or There's Something About Mary. Even though there are many scenes that we have laughed in Green Book, we cannot say that is a comedy. Peter Farrelly made a good job with blending comedy, dram, road movie and even romance.
As a summary Green Book is a very good film with solid performances. You will enjoy every minute of this 130 minutes film. One more note, the film was based on a true story. After watching the film, find some Don Shirley music from Spotify or whatever, and listen him and his trio with a glass of whiskey.

A beautiful and well-written movie, with strong messages.
It gets you to think, and that is the best cause one film should have.
You will treat your loved ones much better after this one, especially because you will surround yourself with people who are basiclly kind to others and that's all that matters.

Green Book is as smooth as they come, this film covers a lot of things at once and it does it so seamlessly and effortlessly and the credit for that goes to two amazingly talented leads who shape this film to what it is, an affectionate friendship story, considering that this is based on actual real-life story and how hard is to put together something worth telling without slipping to no man's land of storytelling is amazing in and of itself, but this film doesn't stop there it offers a heartwarming story between seemingly opposite men but deep down they're the same.I gotta say that Viggo Mortensen opposite Mahershala Ali is one of the best lead partnership I've seen in the last couple of years, talk about chemistry and strong presence, they make this story memorable and gripping and convincing as well, they have this special back and forth in dialogue that makes it very enjoyable to watch.Adding to all of that, Green Book is extremely well put together from the directing to the camera work and the writing and it just has that good ol' fashion classic film framework to it and you can't beat that.To put Green Book in a few words, I'd say it's a satisfying story that couldn't be presented in a better way, I absolutely love this film.

Great , Great and Great stuff. Just go and watch the movie. That will be the justice for the hard work put in this movie.

First, how could you possibly go wrong with the co-stars Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali; the latter, star of the 2017 Oscars best movie, Monlight, a tv series and tv movie star in his own right, the former also twice nominated for best actor, Oscars, the same year Moonlight won the best picture and again for his leading role in the 2007 movie 'Eastern Promises'. Well... I don't think you can.Now as you may have read, the film is based on a true story. What you probably didn't know is whose story; it's that of Tony Vallelonga, father of the movie's writer Nick Vallelonga. You'll learn more about that in the final credits, and don't miss the photos, the ones I'm sure Nick treasures. If you watch it at home, pause to read the explanations below the photos. By the way, Nick Vallelonga has 50 movie credits, so it's not as if he just came out of the woodwork to tell his dad's story.For a biography/comedy/DRAMA, and right before Christmas, this was perfect timing. Not only does the movie end with a family Christmas dinner, the mention of making it back on time for that day is a big part of the road trip movie. The ending, though, somewhat predictable, felt great; if you can pull off a no big surprise ending with this much feel good effect, there has to be something special about it. There is.Many little details all along the movie are both a sign that all parties involved cared to do a good job and a mark of good writing (Brian Hayes Currie and director Peter Farrelli collaborated on, for Nick Vallelonga's script); they did and it was. Viggo and Mahershala delivered excellent performances, and as it's the job of good actors, they made their characters believable. Their scenes together were akin to the chemistry we experienced with Morgan Freeman and Jessica Tandy in 'Driving Miss Daisy' (1990 Best Picture, Best Actress and Best Actor in a leading role, to mention just a few of the Oscars won). Since I've already crossed the spoiler line earlier, I'll just add the very last words spoken in 'Green Book', by the lovable and good looking Linda Cardellini, as a 'tell' of just how perfect the movie was: "Thank you for helping' him with the letters." If you haven't seen the movie, it will mean little to you, granted; however, if you have seen it, you know what I mean by perfect.It's a road trip movie but not the comedy road trip movie you'd expect. It's one of those character development motion picture, the kind us movie lovers crave. And, another spoiler, it promotes moral values, like courage, yes courage, to name one. Oh how thrilled Viggo and Mahershala must have been when they were sent the script for their respective parts and read it for the first time.Do I recommend you see it? Don't go by my word, check out IMDb, Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes ratings and take it for granted they can't all be wrong.

Watch this, completely baffled me through the whole flick,For this is a show must go on kinda thingFor we love Aragorn and the other guy (can't remember his name but loved his work in Marvel series Luke cage (?))Merry Christmas everybody!
//
The swede-ish viking

Green Book was a lovely theater experience. Actually the best one I've had in a long time. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are outstanding in this film and their on screen chemistry is nothing short of amazing. Viggo Mortensen proves once again that he's one of the best with foreign languages and accents. It's inspiring to see him constantly take these risks as an actor with new voices and mannerisms. I recommend watching Moonlight (2016) and this one, back to back, to fully appreciate Mahershala Ali's performance. He's truly versatile and has fully established himself as one of the best actors of this generation. Just compare his performance in Moonlight (2016) with this one and you'll see what I mean. The movie has lots of funny moments but also moments where you are moved. All around a great film that touches your heart, stimulates your brain and inspires you. I just might add this movie to my list of heartwarming Christmas flicks.
Highly recommended 9/10.

A very strong contender for the Oscars, Green Book is a touching and eye-opening story about two men's unlikely friendship at the very unlikely time. On the surface it may be seen as remarkable struggle by an African-American pianist against racism in the deep South in 1962 as well as his friendship with a working-class white man. Thanks to tour de force performances by the two leads, Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen, director Farrelly avoids cliches on discrimination and instead provokes some universal hints on polarization, alienation and discrimination under the disguise of tolerance in modern times. As Don Shirley beautifully yet sadly talks about sense of belonging, Green Book makes me think about new versions of green book approach (i.e. adapted forms of discrimination) remains in the minds of people -- the US or elsewhere. By the same token, the world cannot be a better place until we all learn the value of coexistence and understanding as opposed to othering and polarizing. I really hope Ali and Mortensen get Oscar this year.

So despite my reservations about watching another racially driven movie, I checked out green book. First, let me say that the Italian rhetoric made the film genuinely enjoyable to watch from beginning to end. The 1960s based film is about Tony Lip who is a rough around the edges back streets Italian who is hired to drive slightly eccentric Dr. Don Shirley who is a classically trained black pianist on tour with his trio through the Deep South. Despite being socially accepted in the north, Dr. Shirley takes on this tour where he knows he will encounter issues along the way. Without spoiling the movie, the film explores an unfamiliar narrative of a white person hired to do a job of somewhat servitude for a black person, which I don't remember seeing on this caliber since the body guard. What's interesting to note are two things, the development of the relationship between the two characters from the time they first met to the end of the film and why Dr. Shirley even made the decision to perform in the south which I will leave you to figure out. Both Mahershala ali Viggo Mortensen put on a great performance and the movie definitely has a well-developed storyline.

Rich period flavor. Immersive, totally believable acting by the two leads. Mahershala Ali's portrayal of Dr. Shirley's loneliness, and his determined, quiet nobility despite crushing indignities, touched my heart. I think I'll go back to the theater soon to see it again. Just an excellent job all around.

The first thing that struck me on watching the movie unfold is how much it follows the structure of France's 2011 buddy flick, The Intouchables. It has all the exact beats: two people from different backgrounds bonding with each over the course of a few months as they learn to mutually change each other's perspective for the better. However, the filmmakers were able to add several other touches to make it stand out as its own unique thing.The movie takes place in 1960s America, still a bit rife with racial tensions. However, the film intends primarily to entertain and delight the audience, so while they do touch upon very significantly on the plight of minorities , the message is conveyed in a way so as to not shock the viewers but rather as a gentle reminder of our torrid history. So overall, this movie is pretty safe to watch and enjoy for any demographic and age. Every member of the family will have a hearty time in the theater.

So moving, so thought provoking, great acting, everyone on the theater loved it.

Green Book is a must see movie. Every second of this movie is a magical little piece of a unbelievable true story. The acting is on point. Green Book will definitely win Golden Globes and Academy Awards it is one of the best movies ever.

I feel bad for the movies and film critics. Oscar for Green Book?! correct me if I am wrong.The whole movie seems arty (Tony's family member will use word "arty" at some point). Mahershala Ali was great in Moonlight (imho), he's awkward in this one. kind of fake. The camera work is mostly shot-reverse shot and very poor on contributing to the whole story/characters. The characters are somewhat left unexplored (psychology). flat. If Don was a lonely man, than why he shines throughout the movie. If Tony is cunning (the whole hat scene), then why all of a sudden he is not. If he is a racist then where is the passage from being one to not? The whole Russian talk. Unnecessary. The whole movie is polished. Kinda cotton candy. Especially the car. Most of the characters are caricatural - New York Italians, black peasants in the field. Some of the characters are blatantly fake - like piano guy or younger police officer. Add to all this the last cheesy song and that's the feel.Maybe for someone unfamiliar with U.S history, people, music and cinema this movie can seem fine, but it is miles away from any reasonable critic award.

"Green Book" is a sure fire crowd pleaser, but you probably knew that already.We've all seen this before: two people from totally different worlds meet, clash at first, learn to like each other, and realise they're not that different after all. That's the lesson for us cretins in the audience: it doesn't matter what colour we are or where we're from or blah blah de blah blah. It's a lesson that used to be exclusively sold to preteen kids, but in the world of the new millennium, this stuff is considered acceptable to preach to adults and nobody gets offended at the condescension.But how bad is it, really? Not bad at all, of course. It's the performances: two of the finest actors in the movies up there on screen, and most of the action in the dialogue. There were times when I forgot how trite it was, but the movie had a way of reminding me.

I thoroughly enjoyed this film
Theres loads of similarities with "the intouchables".
The story is beautiful and filled with comic touches.

I thought this film would be boring. But was I wrong acting brilliant story even better and it's a true story. Well done.

Green Book is based upon a true story, and one that's important for most people to view. It's regarding race relations the history of discrimination purely based upon a person's color, and not their contributions to their own community, but to society as a whole. This film was beautifully written, directed, and acted. And while I was able to laugh in parts, I found it more drama than comedy. I strongly encourage more people to view this to fully comprehend what our past has allowed white people to do to those who aren't the same race or ethnicity.

Best movie in a long time. Both actors deserve Oscars

Another example in the long list of films that provide an overly simplistic view of race relations in America, Green Book is a sincerely crafted & aptly narrated cross-country ride that's steered by some fresh bantering between its two leads but it is also outdated in its approach, and brings nothing new to the table.Set in the American South during the 1960s, the story follows an Italian-American bouncer who takes the job of driving & bodyguarding an African-American pianist on a musical tour through Southern states. The title refers to the travel guide that was in circulation for safe travel through the country's racial segregation.Directed by Peter Farrelly, the execution is pretty straightforward and though the film adds nothing to the race discussions, the friendship angle is treated with care & compassion and is allowed to develop gradually. The story is told through Tony Lip's viewpoint and is about the change the journey brings in his personality.Both Viggo Mortensen & Mahershala Ali play their roles convincingly, especially the latter whose suave & sophisticated rendering of Don Shirley turns out to be one definite highlight of this film. But it's their clashing attitudes to life & ideals that gives this film its finest moments while their quips retain its playful quality throughout.On an overall scale, Green Book doesn't delve deep into the still prevalent racial situation in America but as a tale of friendship, growth & understanding, it does what it set out to do. A mostly lighthearted story that's driven home by splendid performances from Mortensen & Ali, Green Book is undeniably flawed but most viewers will still come out entertained & satisfied with what it has to offer.

Green Book has to be one of my favorite films of the year. Beautifully written and executed. The characters are likable, complex people and getting to know them is a joy. The movie covers the topic of generalization and stereotyping, one of its highlighting moments is a monologue Mahershala Ali gives, "If I'm not black enough, and if I'm not white enough... what am I?"

So enjoyable great story great acting !!! Excellent overall 

Nice, entertaining and brilliantly performed by the actors, but why does it give me the feeling that a movie about racism, intolerance, one of the darkest chapters not only in American history but in American Society up to today, shouldn't look like a nice feelgood movie?

I loved each and every second of this movie, words won't do justice. Do watch.

Golden book.. Amazing movie that shows how bad and how divine this world can be. Two, soo different People meet in between, and make the world a better place by loving, understanding and forgiving them selves and others.Important things never changed in our society, still in 2019 the same issues are troubling us, as in the movie that is decades ago. Thank God, some souls take care For the balance in this universe. But my description can not be understood until you enjoy the movie. I hope you like it..!

Peter Farrelly's Green Book is the most pleasurable piece of cinema - which is both majestically crafted (Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen kill it) and socially relevant (it's about racism in the US of 1960s) - that I have seen (since the 2011 French drama The Intouchables) so far of everything that came out in 2018 that I have already decided to dedicate the whole of 2019 to singing its praises to every other person I meet who is interested in films. TN.

The best work of Peter Farrelly's career as a solo project after 24 years of sharing the director chair with his brother. And a reminder that Viggo Mortensen has never won an Oscar.
I mean... how on earth you people say that Green Book is a feel-good movie?! This is so dark and infuriating!Seriously though, despite its heavy themes, this movie is, surprisingly, supremely delightful to watch. Partly, thanks to the electrifying chemistry between Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen, whose equally phenomenal performances prove that they are two of the most talented actors working today. But largely, thanks to Peter Farrelly's nifty direction. Not only has he shown maturity as a director, but Farrelly also completely understood how to blend his sense of humour with a dramatic movie, and hence more earnest tone and more serious subject matter, way more serious! If he sticks with this refreshing style of filmmaking, and collaborate with excellent screenwriters, such as the writers of the screenplay of this movie, I bet that he will be one of the most popular directors in the coming years. The way he handles his performers, or shots a comedic scene here were really out of the ordinary.The relatively deliberate pace couldn't have been more challenging for Peter Farrelly to stick with a particular tone, and find balance for this movie, but besides his palpable capability of doing so, the script, which he also co-wrote, offered sincere and genuine smart dialogues, and extremely likable reasonably fleshed-out characters, made this task way much more easier. Let alone the astonishing performances from the entire cast.The screenplay is what to blame, however, for these two points I took away from my rating for this movie.First, there is an action Mortensen's character, Tony Lip, take at the beginning of the movie that didn't add anything to the movie. This action also had some consequences that took some time. Adding insult to injury, this action, along with its consequences, was nothing but a cheap trick to make the viewers make a wrong judgment about the character.Secondly, there was an abrupt change of mind made by the same character that, however understandable it might be, I still found it hard to swallow.Thirdly, and most importantly, the illogically symmetric pattern of the storytelling; the plot keeps moving forward in a very unrealistic by making every phase in the movie seemingly predictable. It's safe to say that a movie with a fairly familiar themes like this one can easily suffer from such problem.That said, Green Book is undoubtedly one of the most 2018 movies that I've enjoyed watching. Peter Farrelly miraculously managed to make a movie that tackles such sore themes, a breezy crowd-pleaser.(8/10)

Honestly one of the best movies I have watched this year...definitely highly recommend this movie!

Green Book has a lot going for it. A story so incredible, it would be hard to believe if it weren't based on real life. Two fantastic actors Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali giving best performances I've seen from them. (Not that I've seen that much, but I thought the latter was 10 times better here than in Moonlight that got him an Oscar). And Peter Farelli's precise, no frills direction, which I felt was perfect for the story. Parts of it were unavoidably predictable - a black man goes to the deep south in 1962 to perform to all white audiences - bad things are bound to happen. But nearly every predictable episode had a quite unpredictable resolution. And I loved how Tony wasn't just transformed by the extreme racism he witnessed - towards someone he knew and have come to respect, he was also kind of cultured by his overeducated boss. And the fact that Tony was the one who in turn introduced Dr. Shirley, sometimes rather forcefully, to African American music and food was a nice touch.

Green Book isn't terribly subtle in its message, but boy is it effective. Two strong leading performances anchor the central relationship that makes this film so compelling. This film is all about understanding the situations and circumstances that others deal with. One can never truly understand another's experiences and Green Book acknowledges that, but you can try and ultimately you can have respect for each other. Watching the journey of both characters learning this is why this film is such a crowd-pleaser and one of the best films of the year.

The whole point of this "woke" waste of time is to somehow put together a story where the white guy is an uneducated, racist thug, whereas the black guy is a cultivated, intelligent musician... Take those legos and make a space shuttle out of that.
It's bad, all around. Badly acted, badly scripted, full of cliches and veeery slow. Scenes are set up over and over again to make us understand how racist this one is, and how cultivated the other is. Oooook, thanks ! We get it !
Mortensen would probably give a better performanse as an amoeba than an Italian tough guy. And by the way, Italians are represented here as a Saturday Night Live version of the Sopranos... but really not funny. For a "woke" movie, they'll certainly offend the Italians.
Do not watch this movie.

It's so racist towards white people i can't belive no one talks about it. If it was other way around would be all over media . America is degrading and people afraid to say something not to come out racist.

First time of me writing a review but this moige really deservef it. Enaugh reading the reviews or checking the ratings. Go watch the movie and le it it be a marvelous experience

Masterpice...
The 2 lead actors play so compelling.
This is a ...must see movie

Just watched this gem last night and I was pleasantly surprised at how much I laughed throughout the movie. Viggo and Mahershala provide them in this wonderful movie based on the true life of Tony Vallelonga and Dr. Don Shirley. I wasn't sure what all the hype was about, but I gave it a try and I was absolutely mesmerized by both characters and the way they interacted. Both play off each other brilliantly and again I laughed out loud several times. Viggo should win the Oscar, but wouldn't you know it Mr. Bale is standing in his way. The movie hums along at a nice pace and I couldn't wait for the next scene to unfold. Director Farrelly does it again, this time with two of the most brilliant actors of our time. Green Book is a winner in my book.

This was one of the best movies I've seen this year! It delievered on everything from comedy to drama, and emotion! Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali were excellent in both of their roles and deserved Oscar Nominations for Best Actor! Even though this is a story that deals with some very serious subject matter, their is a lot of humor and heart here as well! It's a perfect feel-good movie that the whole movie can enjoy together and I think will certainly win some Oscars this year! One of the best films of 2018 and a must-see!

This film was inspired by the true story of Tony the Lip Villelonga, An Italian-American bouncer (Mortenson) from the Bronx who gets a job driving a black. highly educated and cultured musician (Ali) through the south in 1962.Really a must-see film for the performances of everyone involved, for a good look at what it was like for blacks in the south, an amazing look at Bronx Italian life, and some great music.The title refers to "The Negro Motorist Green Book," which advised African-Americans traveling where they could eat and stay.The real Tony the Lip, by the way, played Carmine in The Sopranos. And great to see my favorite comedian, Maniscalco, in a movie role as Mrs. Villelonga's brother.Funny, warm, poignant, delightful film with wonderful characters - perfect for the holidays. Don't miss it.The title and subject matter are a reference to "The Negro Motorist Green Book," also known as "The Negro Travelers' Green Book." Published from 1936-1966, the guide helped African-American travelers find lodging, restaurants, and other businesses that would serve them. It eventually covered most of North America, plus Bermuda and the Caribbean.Funny, warm, and poignant film with wonderful characters - perfect for the holidays. Don't miss it.

Very much entertained with this great movie, one of the best I have seen in a while
Thank you for this unforgettable movie xxx

A great movie with a thousand facets with an excellent picture that immerses you even more in the story depicted. It makes you smile, makes you think, makes you excite but, for my taste, it is not an Oscar movie ... How they paint Italians is overly caricatural!

It always seems a bit pointless trying to compare and rate films against each other. Quite sure there will be a heated debate going on about whether Green Book deserved to win the Best Film Oscar. According to the group of people voting for the Oscars this was the best film and they have just as much right for that opinion as anyone else. It wasn't my favourite, but hey ho.Green Book tells the unlikely friendship that is built between Tony Lip and Dr Don Shirley. Tony is a bouncer looking for temporary work. Dr Shirley is a black concert pianist about to go on a early 60's tour of the deep south and therefore in need of protection. The movie reminded me very much of Planes, Trains and Automobiles with one key difference. Somehow PTA seemed much more realistic at showing the tensions and empathy between the leads. Personally I didn't find Green Book that realistic at showing the friction and joy between Tony and Don. Being from the UK not familiar with the story and it was only quite late in the movie it suddenly dawned on me that it was a true story.Was it the best film of 2018? Yes ... according to the academy!

The chemistry between our two protagonists was a joy to behold, as both are very different men from first glance but they soon learn a lot about each other and discover they are much similar than they ever imagined. This is due in part to the excellent performances of the actors, the script, a compelling true-life story that is handled very well by the filmmaker.Overall a heart-warming film that hits the right note.

What a brilliant film! Acting, story and drama/comedy all combine to make it awesome! Great combination between Viggo and Mahershala! Got to be the best film I've seen in a while.

Fantastic performances by Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. So much to talk about in this film. I'm hoping it receives the award attention it definitely deserves. You can see my full movie review at Movie Review Mom (dot) com.

Wanted to watch this movie when i saw the trailer. This movie is so touching and emotional. Good bonding was shown bw driver n boss. Amazing connection.

The whole time I was watching this I kept thinking of Driving Miss Daisy. I think the Academy will honor the movie because they feel guilty about all the racism that is going on in the country right now. They aren't honoring the best film of the year , just a film that makes them feel less guilty about what is going on right now.

Based on a True story this film is a very beautiful thought provoking look and battle of predjjustices held not only of a persons skin colour but of their own identity .
Superbly acted a story that will provoke many emotions ending in a heart warming finish and feel good factor Loved this film as much as I loved the 2 main actors.

What I enjoyed mostly about this film is the onscreen interaction between V. Mortenson and M. Ali it was natural and funny.

The ride is surprisingly smooth and enjoyable, with an underlying comedic tone on a serious subject. The two leads are incredible. They do not play their roles, but actually are their roles. Mortensen should win the Oscar Best Actor, and Ali should win the Oscar Best Supporting Actor. They are both among the best actors of the country.

I went into the cinema for 10 minutes and saw a lot of people leaving. I thought the movie was definitely not good, but to my surprise, the film was not bad. Maybe the film was opened for more than 10 minutes. Character has been laying the ground for too long.
The Green Book is a distinctive road movie. I never imagined that a black people affirmative film would be conceived from the perspective of road movies. The road movies have a strong characteristic as narrating a story.
The emotional relationship between characters becomes strong with the increase of mileage, and the personality of the characters is clearly revealed with the increase of mileage. Dr.Don Shirley and Tony Lip are gradually becoming friends on their road of tour.
Some people think that road movies are very simple, because the clues are clear and the narrative is simple. Just make clear what is happening on the road. In fact, road movies are the easiest to become a self-speaking film without any focus. In fact, this movie has not completely escaped this threat. It is true that there is a constant episode in the film on the road, showing the relationship between the two, and then Tony understands Don's practice for him to come forward. But after all, there is no major outbreak, and the whole story lacks a core chapter. Several equally important chapters have made the film without any major ups and downs.

Was lucky to see this at a secret unlimited screening, had no idea what it was before but was genuinely surprised just how good it was. Managed to be very funny but also show the harshness of race relations in southern America in the 1960s. The acting was brilliant and would highly recommend any fan of film to go and see.

Just.....no."Green Book" is the kind of movie my mom likes, and trust me, that's not a compliment. It's for people who are willing to watch a movie about racism as long as the black character who's the victim of it is whiter than any of the white characters. It's for people who want to pat themselves on the back for being open to a "serious" movie that doesn't challenge a single belief or make them the slightest bit uncomfortable. It's for people who like music cues that tell them exactly what they're supposed to be feeling at every single moment. It's for people who think the answer to racial problems is for whites and blacks to compromise and find some middle ground where they can agree to overcome their differences, as if black people have any responsibility in the fact that they have been marginalized ever since the very first one set foot on American soil. No one who is the slightest bit tuned in to racial problems in contemporary America could possibly stomach this movie.Personally, I found it to be patronizing and damn near insulting. It consists of scene after scene of our black protagonist getting himself in trouble, only to be saved from the situation by the white guy. By the end, the white guy has taught him how to be more black and embrace his own culture, which in this movie is defined by liking fried chicken, listening to Little Richard and Aretha Franklin, and playing some funky piano. Oh but wait, defenders will say. The white guy learns something too, like how to be less racist and how to write really good love letters to his wife. In fact, the entire guys' racist family learns to not be racist by the end and welcomes the black guy to their Christmas dinner. They're just casually racist, you see, but not racist in ways that really matter. Barf.Seriously, this is the Sesame Street version of racism. In a year that gave us "BlackkKlansman," "Blindspotting," "The Hate U Give," and "Sorry to Bother You," all movies made by minorities about the black experience in America, it's pretty telling of where we are as culture right now that the race movie mainstream America glommed on to was this piece of feel-good hoo-hah. Mainstream America doesn't want to have its beliefs challenged, and it certainly doesn't want to be told it's part of the problem. Instead, it wants a hallmark movie that makes it feel good about itself.One thing saves "Green Book" from being an utter waste of time, and that is the performance of Viggo Mortensen.Grade: D

Green Book is really an updated version of Driving Miss Daisy directed by Peter Farrelly.Based on true events and set in 1962. Tony Lipp (Viggo Mortensen) is a mouthy nightclub bounce from the Bronx. He is out of a job as the nightclub is going through renovations.Tony has been recommended to be a driver and bodyguard to erudite black piano player Dr Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali.)Dr Don is going on a pre Christmas tour of the deep south, Tony will drive him to the venues with the help of the Green Book, a guide book for black travellers. That will tell him the roads a black man can take, the motels a black man can stay in.The relationship between the two men is like the odd couple. Dr Don is fastidious. Tony is a slob and easily gets into fights, he is also a racist at first.Both men bond as they hit the road, experiencing constant discrimination.It is a well acted film with a regal turn from Ali. There is comedy and the film gets a little gloomier as it heads deeper to the south.The racism is anesthetized to make it palatable for modern audiences. In reality a black man being chauffeured driven by a white man in the deep south would had been odd and more dangerous.I did feel the film is a little too glib and superficial. It has an ending which is a little too neat. I doubt for a moment that even today, those backwood roads in the deep south are safe for some black travellers.

Great movie a not-to-be-missed movie! Absolutely excellent acting storyline characters all great!!

It's a powerful movie to portray the reality of racism in our society. Even the story occurred in 1962 with the segregation, and I was amazed by the fact that injustice had slowly progressed over time. As a white man, it seemed to me that racism showed in an obvious way in the past. However, that still run in today's society in more of a discreet way. It's due to the social media where it becomes the world in a smaller place. The stubborn white people become smarter to avoid the obvious. Tony Lip is a perfect example of many naive white men who were being surrounded by blue collars. They're not bothered to learn about the society through a different lens because they see survival in simply way at finest as a priority. Many of them are soft-hearted, but they overlook that sense for the reason of survival.Dr. Don Shirley is a perfect example of many people of color. They come from well-educated backgrounds that influence their struggles to find the identity. Both worlds are pushing them for different reasons. My family members and my close friends had to go through the phase of being depressed and used substances for escapism, especially in their 20s.Tony Lip and Dr. Shirley had crossed down from entirely different journeys. Tony's style of approach was interesting and very common for white men. He spoke out of his mind, but Shirley was smart enough to read inside of him. At the same time, Tony pushed Shirley out of his comfort zone with his simple-minded perspective of society. And, Shirley pushed him to be engaged in his feeling and looked through a different lens. The friendship was raw, but they appreciated each other.It demonstrated that nobody deserves to be quickly judged by others because everyone's journey is different like orange to apple. It had several funny moments that made me laugh, softhearted moments that made me smile, and the message was profound! Well-deserved to win the Best Picture award!

Very dissapoiting movie. Very good actors, but the story was too clich in my opinion. No surprise that this movie won the Oscar in these leftist social justice times. Too much victimizing. How many movies like this do we need to make?

It was a great movie. Actually one of my most favourite movies of all time. Now I see why Mahershala Ali won a lot of awards including the Oscar.

Simply Superb. Mahershala Ali is amazing, Viggo Mortensen's best role to date.... It's almost impossible to distinguish as to who is the Leading Actor and who is the Supporting one. I guess screen-time decided that one. But one could not posssibly exist without the other one.

Ever wondered if Viggo Mortensen could act? I know I did. Somehow he always looked like he could, but I was yet to find a movie to prove it.And now I've got it. His performance is the jewel of this movie. Just go and see for yourself.However, Green Book is good all over: every other actor, big parts, small parts, everything is just right.
To be honest it is so rare nowadays to see a high quality movie - at least my last movie theater experience ended up after about 20 minutes of sitting there literally boiling with anger (that was my attempt on BR) - that Green Book is something I'm quite thankful for.

Masterpiece. My second favorite film of 2018. I want it to win Best Picture. Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen are perfect together, I mean their chemistry is amazing. I heard people called this movie racist but I don't think it really is, it is 60's. I really liked the car. Viggo should make more movies I absolutely love him. Mahershala is becoming on of the best black actors working today especially in True detective in which he is amazing. Go see this movie before Oscars.

Not a wasted word, not a wasted scene. A modern classic. Spontaneous applause at the end. Dark humour throughout that is generated from the wonderful relationship that builds between the two main characters. Wonderful.

This is a fabulous film! Nothing more to add...... except the review won't post unless I add more words. Go and see it and judge it for yourself.

Great movies like this one are hard to come by. So it is a gift when they do. The art of cinema at its best: when it touches you deeply, makes you laugh, makes you cry, makes you understand different realities. It doesn't stay on screen. You carry it with you. This is a tough year for the Oscars, oh boy.

Long time didn't watch a slow pace movie with no boredom. Well play and good chemistry.

Beautiful story, outstanding production of this picture and Masterful performances from both leads.
With all the substance and seriousness of the subject of this movie, it's so light on the audience and watching it is a pleasure. Bravo!

Just sit down and see this movie.
A good story, containing multiple layers and told in a beautiful way. The acting is very well done by both Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. I'm not going to spoil anything, but if you see the trailer, you pretty much have a good idea of the tone and feel of the movie.If you're a true movie fan, or if you're just tired of pixels beeing thrown at your face for 2 hours, go and see it immediately. The movie will stick with you and it will make an impact, one way or another.

Road trip drama with some humour based on a 1960's true story.Tony Lip is an Italian-American 'wise-guy', who's struggling to provide for his family. There's an important scene at the beginning which demonstrates his racism. He gets an interview to be a driver, but also a driver who could deal with any problems.Dr. Don Shirley is a black very well educated, very well-mannered, world class classical musician. He's living in isolation on the top floor of Carnegie Hall, he needs driving safely to a series of scheduled concerts in the very prejudice Deep South.During the numerous journeys they refer to 'The Negro Motorist Green Book,' also known as 'The Negro Traveller's Green Book.' This was a guide for African-American travellers, which listed lodging, restaurants, and other businesses that would serve them. They begin to bond over an incident involving two racist cops, a pub beating, a homosexual scene and even something simple like eating fried chicken in Kentucky.Don is a brilliant pianist, admired by white audiences, although otherwise he's still just another black man who cannot eat in 'white' restaurants or use the same 'white' bathrooms or try on a suit.They learn more about each-other and also some deeper things about themselves. Don shows Tony how to live with self-control and dignity, Tony teaching Don how to open up and relax.In conclusion this is a highly recommended instant classic about two unlikely people who find a connection and respect for each other.

This is a film about an Italian from the Bronx who becomes a driver / bodyguard for an elite but difficult black musician as he goes on a national tour in the south. Both men confront their inner demons and ghosts as their journey deeper into the south brings them closer together. Less about 1961 and more about how liberals and conservatives see one another in the post 2016 era. The story is very Hollywood but the acting is fantastic. Viggo is completely unrecognizable as the driver. Worth it if you like good screenplay structure.

I really enjoyed this movie. Great cast especially Viggo who played his role with perfection. Based on a true story with humour and some serious moments. This story brings together two men from very different worlds who come to understand and support each other on this trip. Recommended.

What a very nice and moving film. Viggo Mortensen shines in this movie. And maybe he deserves the Oscar for his role. You can tell the film was made with a lot of love for the story. Inequality treated with dignity. Well played.

This film was great from the start, a high standard of acting acted well depicted. I would highly recommend 

This movie deserves to win Oscars for every nomination. It has a great message, extraordinary screenwriting and even better acting from the two leads. Peter Farelley is a genius himself. The perfect mix of comedy and drama, but it feels so natural thanks to the amazing chemistry of Viggo and Ali. There is not one scene which feels unnecessary or even exaggerated. It is like stepping back in time to 1962 with emphasis on what is really important in life: family, dignity and being true to oneself. There are many movies which try to convey such messages, but none so seamlessly. As important as these messages are, this movie gets a 10/10 because the journey of the two lead characters can be appreciated even more, many thanks to the script, directing and of course the acting. Best movie of the year in my opinion.

Amazing film!
In my opinion the best film of the year.
I can't wait to watch it again.

The movie was good and even with all the controversy about the Drs family being unhappy with the film. I still walked away captivated by the relationship that was developed between the two main characters.

Great movie with an excellent storyline. Well acted and great music to guide you along the journey with the two main characters. Based on a true story that deserved to be told .Highly Recommended.

I want to thank everyone who worked on this wonderful film. It was my favorite
movie of 2018. The performances of Viggo and Mahershala were over the top! I have seen all Viggo Mortensen films and am a huge fan, I hope FINALLY he gets the acknowledgement he deserves and wins his first OSCAR!! He has had so many incredible performances in the past 10 years and has until now been ignored. Again I loved this movie, from the wonderful musical score to the heart felt script.
A gem of a movie!

Green Book is litterally the celebration of Friendship and Humanity in 2 hours! It just melts Your Heart to see the mutual understanding between the two main characters in the film that It really goes out of the screen! Green Book has a simple storyline but a strong message to share: That despite differences and diversity, we are all humans. Farrelly tells it perfectly in the film. What I like in Green Book that I might not like in other films, it's that It goes straight to the point, to what It should tell first. Mahershala Ali's acting is stunning, that I think he's a true contender for a second Oscar; Mortensen's performance is breathtaking as well. Green Book is the proof that you don't have to bring tons of technics to have a good movie, or to be recognized at the Academy Awards for example. A strong story is enough, and stories are the main power of movies in our society.

This movie was "virtuoso". That's Italian for good btw.
If you ever find yourself searching for good movies to watch, reading through review after review with no luck, just like me then give this a try.
Ignore the front cover, I skipped this once because it reminded me of Driving Miss Daisy. Don't go watching the trailer neither, I've already given too much a spoiler in my review already, so don't let anything take away from being entertained in this brilliant movie. The best I have seen from 2018.
I am sure it will relate to people of many different backgrounds.
If my review doesn't have perfect grammar, don't be judgmental. It's acceptable and coherent as an exception in regards to a review of this movie.

This movie was surprisingly good, well worth the watch!

Don't wait to see it. It's fun, thought-provoking and charming. Yet, it also speaks to racism and the old adage: Don't judge a book by its cover. I wouldn't be persuaded by experts who seem to think this is too light for the subject. It's respectful and speaks to the human spirit. Loved it.

I started this with the lowest expectations but was pleasantly surprised at the end.Viggo mortensen and mahershala ali give oscar worthy performances in a movie that will become a classic in the years to come.Minus point:The Japanese barman of the Italian-mafia restaurant in 1950s America.I mean that was pretty laughable

Green BookFarrelly's meticulously planned trip goes every way as it was anticipated; fun, lighthearted and awe-inspiring. This already overridden concept on film-making, narrows down the finite possibilities of the makers where they are cornered in the familiarity, and Farrelly's heartwarming answer to these accusations is simplicity. Carrying out the usual theme with a typical textbook structure, there is an ease, almost impenetrable by any of the weakness, that helps bubble up the best possible outcome from this journey. In fairness, Farrelly is not challenging himself. He is playing way too safe, convincing but never a stranger.His fear over going an avant-garde vocab wrong is won over by his brilliant execution. His world, no matter how unfair, is perfectly balanced. Raising questions and clearing doubts, the trajectory of all the sub plots is predictable and yet entertaining. These old methods of intertwining two opposite personas in a room and working its way up to an imperishable friendship by accepting the difference of opinion, just works, it flows.And we may have already encounter the usual, narrow minded and open minded, coy and bold, rich and poor debate over the years in cinema but with a performance as such from the cast, you cannot stop yourself for being giddy up for more. Mortensen as a free spirited Italian-American living at the brisk of his life is the teddy bear of the film. His adorable feature may as well be funny, but a world so tiny and shiny with his eyes is something the viewers connect with instantly.And balancing the other side of the coin, Ali as a poised artist that quotes "dignity", is the huskier bit of the film. Portraying an infamous persona as such, Ali's performance is a testimony to his marvelous career, from performing an act on stage through resisting the urge to be parental with Mortensen, his performance craves your attention. But nevertheless, Mortenson's buoyant expressive nature is much more three dimensional and cinematic to share the applause, from his body language to his sense of humor, he slaps other artists on screen with an unflinching portrayal. Your usual montage sequences like helping each other with something they are natural with, this half and half team makes a complete ten on screen.Mortensen preaching on the practicality and ruggedness of the street is hysterical whilst Ali's genuinely moving descriptions over the letters, humbles your opinion as it ages on screen. Clocking at more than two hours, narration flows like a smooth vivid fluid that keeps encouraging you for more of these stops. Has Farrelly managed to make his best film till date? Definitely, but what surprises you, is that it is his funniest too. He is just natural in his comic tone. And the dramatic part is relied upon the performance which never disappoints. The toe-tugging conversations in a car cruising over the locations is the ultimate peak of the film that is delivered at multiple orderly stages. Green Book is an already-read open book, but it never hurts to revisit those pages, the perspective has evolved.

In 1962, in the middle of the night, in the pouring rain, in the Deep South Mahershala Ali's concert pianist Dr. Don Shirley in tears tells his driver Tony, played by Viggo Mortensen, "So if I'm not Black enough! If I'm not White enough! If I'm not Man enough! So tell me what am I?" Tony listens in resound silence. That resonates even in 2018. This is the lyrical power of Writer and Director Peter Farrelly's "Green Book".The screenplay by Nick Vellelonga, Brian Hayes Currie, and Farrelly is based on the true story of the friendship of Dr. Don Shirley and Tony Vellelonga, who couldn't be more different or more unlikely. The wondrous screenplay authentically looks at the impact of prejudice with heart and a surprising sense of humor. On Tony and Don's road trip on their concert tour, Don delicately fingers his Kentucky Fried Chicken drumstick in the backseat, while Tony drives. Don has never eaten fried chicken before. Don admits it's actually quite good. I laughed so hard.Tony agrees to chauffer and "bodyguard" Don on his concert tour in the Deep South for 8 weeks, returning home to his understanding wife Dolores, plays by kind beautiful Linda Cardellini, by Christmas. Viggo's Tony was the bouncer, "public relations" man at the Copacabana Club in New York City shutdown because of a mob "misunderstanding". Tony is blue collar Italian American with street smarts: way wiser than he occurs. The Father of two boys, he's all heart.
Tony also pays attention. Viggo's distinct humanity is in being so present.Back in the 1960's the Green Book was the listing of all the approved Lodgings for Blacks. At times Tony and Don were not allowed to share the same hotels. On the one instance they do Tony looks out from his hotel room balcony. He spies solitary Don, alone sipping his glass of whiskey. There's more to Don's story than divorce and his estranged brother. Mahershala embodies a regal self-absorbed suffering in Don, who along with being the accomplished pianist holds two PhDs and a law degree. He is also very alone. Is his loneliness self-imposed or thwarted self-expression?Here Director Peter unconceals eloquent acceptance in the narrative. Don gratefully thanks Tony for saving him from himself. Tony compassionately says, "I know it's complicated." Later Don asks to see the letters Tony writes home to Dolores. They're horrendous. Consequently, Don dictates to Tony what to write, "Dear Dolores..."Viggo and Mahershala amaze in their authentic love and soulful respect for each other. Mahershala is the brilliant straight man when comedy summons. He displays powerful awareness on the stark narrative turns. Viggo is masterful understatement. His Tony has his prejudice as we all do, yet through his eyes we see his compassion and deep regard for the man that Don is.Viggo's visage as Tony acknowledges the miraculous talents of artist Don. Don and his musical trio play for White privileged folk, who seemingly feign tolerance. Soon Tony discerns the pretense as mere tokenism, cloaked racism. So why does Don hold his tongue, graciously thanking his hosts, who only see him as Negro?Don's band mate Oleg, played by silently strong Dimiter D. Marinov, tells Tony, "... Because it takes courage to change people's hearts." Amen. Maybe we can't change what's in other people's hearts. What we can to do is have compassion in our own hearts. That's a place to start.That's the profound brotherhood of Tony and Don's journey. "Green Book" may be the very best movie of the year. At least it's my very favorite.

What would happen if Oprah Winfrey made Intouchables.

Cant believe this cliched, regressive movie that caricaturized Don Shirley got Best Picture

So superficial. Without conflicts. It's impossible to believe in Mortensen's character: noboby can't change its highly racist behavior so easily.

This movie is probbably the best movie I have seen in the past few years
Such a beautiful movie that brought me to tears.
Movie about friendship, love and the rascism in late 50s
Im happy this movie exists
Well deserved for winning an Oscar

With the noise it made recently, I could say I was bit disappointed. Overall it was a decent movie but not worthy of the names it grabbed. I think anyone would agree that this movie is like watching a re-mastered version of "Driving Miss Daisy" with much focus on the recent changes.
Times were simpler back in 1989 when "Driving Miss Daisy" was released and the focus was only on the story and relationship between a Jewish women and Black driver. But in almost three decades' focus became less and less towards the story and more on "How to force the academy members to vote for this movie?".
Movie spills its beans way too early and even with that pace, every single step is predictable. Even upcoming scenes could be predicted with exact timing and words. Either writers wanted to stick to the real story too much or they wanted to not show anything to antagonize either color. And as a product of their effort, the output was mediocre.
As far as acting goes, Mahershala Ali is on average. Beside one scene, his acting looks like an effort. For a person like me who has seen him for several years, on House of Cards giving a brilliant performance before he became famous, his portrayal was a huge let down. His effort was visible but he resisted taking risk. Viggo Mortensen on the other hand was closer to the character he was playing. He did not come up with the sharp Italian ascent we'd expect since God Father but his body language was very impressive. Ironically, Viggo was nominated for a similar role 11 years ago for "Eastern Promises".
The Green Book is not a bad movie and definitely not a bad idea, but it sure was wasted to milk the recent black cow.

We watch movies in search of movies like this. It is outstanding!

Going in to this movie without any expectation I was surprised to see how a movie like this can miss the lime light of media and hypeThis is one of those movies that are made once in a decade. With a great case, powerhouse performances by every characters and a gripping story this movie has a a lesson we all can learn and relate to.I hope more movies are made like this

Driving Ms Daisy role reversal. Even won best picture for some ungodly reason, in a year with Roma The Favourite and Blackkklansman. A revolutionary picture where a white man has to teach a black man how to be black. Vigo Mortenson is just a goomba, a ridiculous Italian stereotype. Mahershala elevates the bones of the script to something slightly better. Over all, Oscar bait of the highest order, the fact that any one of the old white academy voters were tricked into voting for this forgettable movie is beyond me.

This movie is just absolutely beautiful and amazing, mahershala ali with his performance, other supporting actors, just perfecttt!!!

A beautiful story of friendship. Based on a true story.

This was an amazing, funny true story. Loved it from start yeti finish. Great acting.

I watched this movie on a flight, the airline was quick to update the movie selection with the latest Oscar hits. I started watching with low expectations after reading poor reviews about it after the Oscar win. But it was worse than what low expectations I had. It was dull drab and boring, not remotely funny, couldn't get past the first 15 minutes to get to the message if there was one. Highly missable.

That's what this movie perfectly showcases. It's about a highly respectable and highly regarded African American pianist who dares venture into the highly discriminatory and apartheid realm of the Southern United States in 1962. He's treated with acclaim at the beginning of his tour, but slowly, as his chauffeur/ bodyguard & assistant (wonderfully played by Viggo Mortenson) drive further South , the more inhuman and disturbing the situation becomes.Mahershala Ali is absolutely terrific as the highly cultured and professional pianist, Dr. Shirley, who demands respect and appreciation for his musical talents, but later realizes just how much "race" and treatment depended on who he was.His dignity is highly apparent at the beginning, but as the tour gradually moved further South, you could could he had trouble "keeping it together" and trying to deal with just how truly demeaning and disrespected a man in his situation could be in at that time.He even admitted to Tony his "alienation" from who he was and how he couldn't relate to either black or white. Tony, an apparent racist at first, does gradually come to his senses about the annoying obstacles of racism, but gradually learns to deal with it in a "less violent way". That's the major potency of this film.This is a beautiful movie and tugs on the heart strings in a lot of ways. It can really make you think and question the status a person can be in no matter where they are. We'd all like to think we'll be treated like equals no matter what part of Earth we might venture in, but sometimes it's not that way. This film terrifically addresses that issue. I highly recommend it.

It only took 8 weeks for Tony to change his entire outlook. Now Tony can help his family and friends change their outlook and attitude. Imagine if everyone took the time to understand and get to know each other. Before they have spent time with you, people will judge each other based on skin color, weight, clothing style, etc, before they have even heard you speak. We need to immerse ourselves in other cultures and quit being so dang sheltered. I think this movie adds fuel to that fire. Great writing!

I was skeptical when my wife raved about Green Book , but I do like Viggo Mortensen and Linda Cardellini. When I finally sat down to watch it, I was astonished at the no frills, matter of fact style of a story that it told about a courageous black musician and a rough around the edges sweetheart of a guy from Brooklyn. The way the two characters evolve and the friendship that stems from the experience of touring in the deep south is truly a pleasure to watch.

Green Book certainly stirred up controversy when it unexpectedly won Best Picture at the 2019 Academy Awards. I personally didn't care as I lost interest in the Oscars completely (these are the people that nominated Black Panther for Best Picture). Certainly is the film in my Top 5 favorites of 2018, not really. That doesn't mean however that Green Book isn't an endearing, enjoyable and above all funny film about friendship and acceptance. The themes of this film have been highlighted around a zillion times in other films such as The Help. However that doesn't mean that the formula is broken. I for one appreciated this films humor, performances and story. A tough Italian brute (Viggo Mortensen) is looking for a new job. He is hired by an African American musician (Mahershala Ali) to drive him through the Southern States in the early 1960s for a tour. The film wisely goes for humor over melodrama which is what sets it apart from all the other films about this topic. Not that the film doesn't have dramatic moments, in fact these are all the more effective because the two main characters were so likeable and funny. Mortensen gave such a heartwarming performance. His character is a brute, he doesn't mind getting physical when someone pisses him off. But his character also expressed such an aura of warmth were the audience simply gravitated towards him. He doesn't understand the racism, he doesn't get the absolute treacherous and human rights violating laws of Jim Crow under which African Americans suffered. However the film wisely never preaches about the privileged white man not knowing the truth, it just shows it, plain and simple. Ali too gave a terrific performance, his character had a sense of sophistication and coolness even in intense situations. It is incredibly heart wrenching to see such a professional guy who lives his passion pushed to his breaking point by his societies' racist rules. Overall there is not much else to say about Green Book. The themes are obvious and the film doesn't attempt to hide it. Mortensen and Ali are terrific and share great chemistry. A heartwarming family film that allows children to have a more sanitized look into America's darkest points of history. No 12 Years A Slave but still a good time.

Some parts didn't ring true and appeared gimmicky such as the gemstone and the interaction between Dr. Shirley and Nick. I thought Virgo Mortensen deserved a lot of credit for his acting..

In the bonus track of the DVD of "Green Book," the producers identified the movie's themes of "friendship, love, and acceptance." Those abstractions were complemented by a detailed and insightful portrayal of the Jim Crow laws portrayed in the America of late 1962.To navigate one's way through Jim Crow laws, African-Americans relied on a guide called the Green Book. The author of the book was Victor Hugo Green, who compiled a survival manuel for blacks traveling through the Deep South and seeking lodging and restaurants that would not exclude them from service. The book was carefully crafted as a comprehensive and invaluable resource entitled "The Negro Motorist Green Book."As a film, "Green Book" hits all the right notes in the situations, character developments, and well-scripted dialogue. So many films fail it attempts to blend comedy and serious drama. This film is a model of unfolding a dramatic narrative with genuine moments of humor that evolve organically from realistically driven characters and situations. One of the most delightful moments was a discussion about music between Dr. Donald Shirley and Tony Lip. The conversation focuses on classical versus contemporary music, and Tony mispronounces the name Chopin as "Joe Pan." Dr. Shirley takes it in stride with a priceless, nonchalant reaction.In the bonus track of the DVD, the film was described as the story of "two people from two very different worlds." It was made all the more remarkable that the two principal characters bonded almost as brothers. This was made dynamic by the extraordinary performances of Vigo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. As writer-producer Brian Currie observed in the bonus track, "it all comes down to the good acting."The final strength of the film was the music with the inimitable piano style of Dr. Shirley. In the bonus track of the DVD, Dr. Shirley was characterized as "Liberace meets Beethoven," which is a good description of the unique musical style. There was subtlety in all facets of this film, and the word "virtuoso," as used to describe Dr. Shirley is appropriate praise for everything about "Green Book."

I was happy during watching this movie, because some of audience were laughing.
Usually, it's not happen in Japan.
This movie makes me smile and happy.
Italian main character's talking is very funny.
However, the others main character who is pianist is also funny.
Their combination makes success this movie.

People complain that this film has the "white saviour" narrative. But I didn't see it like that at all. It was about two polar opposites with different worldviews, with people treating them differently. And yet somehow, they find a way to connect with and ultimately help one another.The two performances are absolutely brilliant. Mortensen is incredibly funny and witty while Ali showcases extreme depth as a lonely, sophisticated piano player.The film is respectful to the time period, not shying away from the racism of its time, and yet still manages to maintain a certain level of comfort. Not sure if it deserved to win Best Picture, but it is certainly worthy of its acclaim.

How can one hate this movie? man this is one of the the best thing I've ever seen in my life! Brings smile, happiness and a relaxation to us..I fell in love with is movie man !Casting is too good 

'Green Book' definitely plays to the strengths of its two magnificent leads Viggo Mortensen, who plays Tony Lip (a chauffeur who loves his family), and Mahershala Ali, who plays iconic pianist Don Shirley. The film is told majorly from the perspective of Tony, who at the beginning of the film is going through a troubled time after the club he works for, is closed under unforeseen circumstances. This is when he ends up taking a chauffeur-cum-bodyguard job for Shirley who's taking a tour of the South. The pianist makes his entry a good 15-20 minutes in, and by then, we already have an idea what kind of a person Tony is, and what his stand against people from other backgrounds is.The film builds the relationship between Shirley and Tony one scene at a time, and it does so, at an unhurried pace. Tony realizes how big of a talent Shirley really is, yet he observes Shirley subjecting himself to a tonne of atrocities coming his way by his contractors simply because he is a Jamaican-American. That being said, the film does make us ha-ha a fair bit as well when it's not busy trying to create a 'moment'. The scene where Tony introduces Shirley to Kentucky Fried Chicken is a laugh-riot!Shirley is safe in the hands of Mahershala Ali whose realistic shades make the character truly magnetic. Mortensen seems to have had a blast playing Tony and it shows. For a movie that has a legendary pianist at its core, the music (by Kris Bowers, additionally a recording by Shirley himself was used; Robert Plant also played a key role in recommending the kind of upbeat music that keeps the film musically rich) is pretty convincing. Ali does his bit to make us feel the effort put in by Shirley during each of his contractual performances.Linda Cardellini (who plays Tony's wife Dolores) and the rest of the cast provide ample support. Even if one feels that it employs the 'white savior' trope to an extent, the film, on a larger scale, is about how the Tony and Shirley play off each other during their casual conversations and the wonderfully brewing friendship between the two. The title, a reference to the motoring guide for the colored in the Southern part of the States from those trying times, is a subtle shade in itself. The motel-halts made by Tony and Shirley during their journey act as the playground for pivotal incidents that lead to strengthening the bond and levels of compassion between the trash-talking driver and the want-no-trouble pianist.Green Book makes you guffaw, shed a tear, and feel good at the end of it all - certainly worth the viewing! It will surely win you over with its earnest storytelling, outstanding performances, and the unconventional chemistry between its leads. Knowing when to be funny and serious, the film touches upon a number of concepts that require open discussion in the modern era. Peter Farrelly, known so far as the co-creator of several slapstick comedies (with his brother Bobby), strikes gold in his first solo directorial.

I watched this movie on the back of its Oscar success. And it did not disappoint.. The story is of two opposite characters finding alignment in a troubled time. Mahershala Ali's performance is as convincing as a concert pianist as it is warm towards Viggo Mortensen's Character. Best film I have seen in 2 years!

I just cannot stop smiling after watching this beautiful piece of art.
I believe its one of the most prized possession of hollywood!
This one is staying with me for a very long time!
Please dont miss this one!

I get all the nominations for this movie, it's a good movie with class acting from both major characters, Mahershala Ali as Doctor Don Shirley and Viggo Mortensen as Tony Lip. Since it's inspired from a real story it's even better as you feel the mood from the movie even more, that Southern racism that as been indoctrinated since the early age, it's something you'll never get used to, knowing it's not that a long time ago that there were different rules and rights for black and white people. It's disgusting and makes me mad, but this movie is also about dignity, ignorant speculation, dealing with problems in a different way, friendship and much more. Great acting with a solid and emotional story, you can't go wrong with this one.

I feel this is the first movie in a long time that was worthy of my time and held me engaged from the beginning to the end.It is truly amazing and inspiring to observe what it took to overcome the paradoxical situation of being an underdog regardless of your incredible talent and formal intellectual capacity - just because some traditional societal norms say you are. See how far society truly has progressed over the years and what it takes to make a difference when leading future thought.
Expose yourself to this title and experience a brief Passage of life from the "good ol' days" with a laugh and a tear, where gender and the color of your skin defined your value, aspirations and the parameters around your dreams. It was a time where intellect was cheap and modern neoliberalism was trailblazing the future, a time of "simplicity" both in terms of technology and humanitarianism.

This Movie was entertaining! but reminders of times of past(Jim Crow/ Green book) I totally enjoyed but I hope never to experience this in my lifetime... a reminder not to be forgotten..Mahershalalhashbaz Ali... one of the best performances I've ever seen ,brilliant and seamless ..a role of a lifetime ..perfection!

What the world needs now! Human beings who inspire, simply by their experiences a colorful, musical and beautiful world.
Which movie parts are really good? All of them !!!!

Green Book successfully carries out the most sublime function of cinema, which is to put a reality under the screen, in order that such a premise changes or expands the observer's circumstances, placing it in a new perspective. Therefore, the long is a work that should be appreciated by all because of its subtlety and importance placed through art.

I went to watch the movie and I think it's Incredible. I loved it because it made me think about how a simple thought or a sentence can hurt someone. The story is heart warming, I almost cried, the acting is excellent, is funny without losing the dramatic part of the story and it lives a beautiful message from a great tranformation of the two main characters. Go watch it.

Made me proud of Viggo as a fellow Dane. What an amazing performance! Ali played a perfect role in this movie.I will not spoil it but this has been the most fun, dramatic and most important movie I have seen this year!! The story is amazing and it makes me proud that we are finally living in a world where this story can be told and is watched with open arms (in majority of the world).I do hope this wins many oscars!Thank you for an amazing experience.

I was very young during this period and had no idea what was happening in the rest of the country. This is just a terrific movie providing the perspective of both black and white during the early 1960s. Well worth the time and money to see. One of the best movies I've seen in a long time. Linda Cardinelli steals the show.

What a great movie this is!!! It's one of the best I've seen in years. I had a bit of a Shawshank Redemption moment while watching it. The acting is nothing short of phenomenal. Viggo Mortesnsen puts in something to remember, and every bit Oscar worthy. Mahershala Ali is simply amazing in his role. All in all I cannot find any flaw in the movie. Do yourself a favour and put in on your watchlist.

This is a must see.
The talent that accompany this beautiful storyline is beautiful. Please watch it. So amamzing !!

Loved the movie. The performances are outstanding shout out to Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali, the dudes are amazing. The story is powerful, and talks about a very tough issue (similar to BlacKkKlansman, but in a "subtle" way), but it's done with such careful, and in a gradative pace.The way their relationship is build throughout the movie is great. I love the way they kind of make a parallel between the characters, and how Viggo's is "blacker" than Ali's (explicit saying that at one point). Talking about that scene in specific, this might be my favorite scene in a movie all year. The build up for it is perfect, and man, Ali's performance is phenomenal, he truly delivered it. You feel for the character, you realize that he has no one in his life, he is curse to never be 100% a part of any social group he might find on society, and outcast. What a scene.The only issue I had with the movie, is just about one plot point. In the beginning we see a scene where Tony throws to cups in the trash can, because to black man drank water on it. So you think "ok, the dude is pretty racist", but this is not exactly an issue throughout the movie. Actually, 20 minutes after, he is playing games with some black guys outside the first club Don performed on. The only scene when this kind of gets between them, is briefly in the scene when he comes back to the car to get his wallet and goes to pee. But overall, he's pretty ok with Don since the beginning. Anyways, doesn't exactly makes the movie bad, and it something you forgot halfway throughout it, but still, it something I believe is a inconsistency into the script.Overall, I loved Green Book, is a strong and incredibly well made movie, who deserves his Oscar nomination. I highly recommend it.

Just go and watch this movie. You will not regret it.

Beautiful storytelling. Edited properly. Acted wonderfully. Thoroughly entertaining. No agendas.

Based on a true story of a piano virtuoso's concert tour of the deep south in the 60' America, Green Book presents an inspiring story of individuals who manage to soar above the racial tension and ugliness of the time. It has great cinematography, amazing performances by the two leads, especially Viggo Mortensen, a rocking 50's and early 60's soundtrack and a griping story making it a must watch of 2018.

Brilliant film well written and directed, really good acting. Well worth the watch I was quite hesitant to watch this film because it's not really the kind of film I like to see but I'm glad I did. It doesn't matter if where black or white we are all equal and that clearly portrayed that between the two characters especially towards the end. Lovely film it's definitely a must watch.

I rarelly give a 10 out of 10 stars, but this movie, oh my god, it is beautifull and inspirational and i love it!.. !!!!!!!

An emotional story about a friendship between two men coming from two totally different worlds. A story of courage, dignity and last but not least friendship everything packed with very fine humor.
I laughed I complained I was indignant I was glad ... Top 10
You must to see this movie !!! put in your Bucket List :)

Fantastic masterpiece: A journey that gives you the meaning of true friendship. In the beginning of the film I actually thought it to be another racial discrimination film between White and colored people, but I was so corrected by the amazing turn of events which take you to an adventure you never want to get over and quit. This film has honesty, friendship, encouragement and much more than one can bear in mind. Hats off to the director and every person behind this epic journey!
PS: we need more organizing films such as this

The movie was amazing, it touched my feelings and make me laugh a lot, is soft and easy to watch and enjoy

One of my favorite films! A pleasure to watch from beginning to end. Amazing actors, very well written script and a beautiful story. Great depth and comedy. I was smiling the entire time. It should win best picture and Mortensen for best actor. His character was simply the best- hilarious personality and mannerisms. Much to think about and take away from this film. I loved it, and wish Hollywood made more like this one.

As soon as I finished this movie, I claimed to my family members that this movie will win Oscars in the Best Picture category.
Perfect performances by Viggo and Mahershala Ali.
This film has shown two main points that how whites are behaving with colored from South to North and 2nd the understanding of human physchology by the lead cast.
The music of this movie was also very good specially the final performance by Dr.Shirley.
Mahershala is giving the best in every other movie.This would be his one of the best . Viggo was so perfect that I did doubt that how he differently performed in LOTR.
A must watch movie for whole family member.
At the end , my message for viewers, spread love not hatred.

This was something. Loved it from the beginining. Good cast, story. Very adventurous, funny film about friendshiop. This film was chosen as the best film of 2018. Now I see why. This movie is worth an Oscar and is just a very decent one. Some Oscar films can be strange but this one is a real life film. I see that this film deserves only positive reviews.

Definitely deserve my 9-star evaluation for the inspiring story and exquisite acting.

Viggo Mortensen had me chomping very slowly and quietly on my popcorn and buncha crunch so I wouldn't miss a word.My wife and I danced in our seats during the Piano at the Bar scene.A thoughtful, romantic thrill ride; journey of understanding ending with a tender embrace.

Such a beautiful movie. The acting was nothing less than phenomenal and this picture deserve all of the awards and accolades.

I have been waiting for years to see a movie like this one. So much to talk about from the aspect and angles, social, political, racial from all angles and perspective. Great to reflect on how far we evolved but also how far we are to be where we should be as a society. Amazing acting, production is superb and the story line even based on the true story us flawless. Thank you so much to deliver such a piece of real cinema.

This film is such a surprise for me. After watching Blakkklansman I was expecting similar propaganda in this movie, but that's not the case. It is tasteful and touching depiction of the friendship between two people that are more similar than they think in such specific time period.I loved Viggo's performance, he brought just a right dose of humor and seriousness to this role. It was pleasure watching him.Also, great performance by Mahershala, and so important messages delivered by his character.This is one of the best films nominated for this year's Oscar. Definitely worth watching, especially during holidays.

A very well made film. Great acting and great characters. A really engaging story line; parts were very funny and some parts were sad.

Didn't know much about this film going in and saw it a little later as it didn't come out till the end of January 2019 here in the U.K. and it's not usually my type of film, but I am so glad I saw it. I don't really care for the whole political racial stuff but it was nice to see an insight into what happened back then. Scary to think that people were treated like that just 60 years ago. Anyway I found the script was so great and was so well well acted by the 2 leads. The cinematography was great and as was the music choice. There was real chemistry between the characters despite their obvious differences, interests and upbringings. The comedy was great and I laughed more than I thought I would, and it was the perfect amount and was done tastefully and was not constant and excessive, so it's not strictly a comedy. Overall I loved this movie, I understand why it's getting the praise it's getting and is more than justified. And I think everyone should see this.

Wow, this movie had just about everything you could want, incredible story, brilliant acting, amazing cinematography and authentic sets dragging us back to the post war years.The story ran at two levels, the first being the clash of two worlds and the coming together in mutual respect, and dare I say it love, and enduring friendship. The second was allegorical, with Tony Lip representing the American consciousness of the time, fixed, opinionated, racist, white and masculine. Don Shirley represented a whole collection of threats to these societal attitudes and by undertaking a concert tour in the "deep south", consciously anticipated trouble. It was clear that Don in his own quiet way was doing his bit for the civil rights movement.Both leads were breathtaking in their attention to their craft, Mr Mortensen depth of characterisation was masterful, we all new Tony, we had all met a Tony and we all respected Tony who new his place and inadequacies but was not frightened of facing his demons. Mr Ali used micro gestures and method to convey a talented, fragile loner who we all just wanted to hug.If I had two Oscars to hand out I would give one to Mr Mortensen and one to Mr Ali.I would draw attention to one scene that was so powerful we writhed in our seats and some weak souls cried openly, not me! When Don Shirley said "I'm not white enough, I'm not black enough, I'm not man enough, who am I!This is a must see, I can see why the movie was called Green Book, but really Mr Shirley's Driver would have been better.

A movie full of quality and meanings. I would suggest to people who need a good movie.

For the first 20 minutes I thought this was going to be ANOTHER whites are bad, blacks are good movie. Movie starts out with the wayyyy over the top racist white people in almost every scene but then the film suddenly shifted and became a pretty great story. I don't want to give anything away with the plot here but the two main characters put on a good show, very believable. I do wish they took the time to develop the backstory of these characters a little more, but it didn't take away from the movie all that much.Overall: Watch this movie

Peter Farrelly has done an excellent job here in what can be described as his debut into the genre of drama. Don't be misled however, this film is in no shortage of comic moments to be found in the partnership between Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali; which goes from strength to strength. It must be said that both fully are deserving their respective Oscar nominations. Furthermore, the issue of race is dealt with in a notably tasteful manor; underpinning the story plot by vividly portraying the struggles of a black man in Southern America. Nonetheless, the film succeeds in almost having a 'feel-good' theme with respect to the relationship between Dr Don Shirley and Tony Lip, which blossoms as their journey goes on, overcoming both their own respective prejudices and the prejudices of the people around them.

I already said in one of my previous reviews that this was fixing up to be a great year for cinema lovers. And so far, it has lived up to expectations. Not only has the output of movies been great, but it also seems that the Academy heads this year have made a sensible selection; this movie having been included in the category for best film of the year. Academy accolades aside, this a truly remarkable film, especially coming from a director, Peter Farelly, who, so far, has specialised in the comedy genre.
This is a huge departure from his previous body of work and it shows that, given the right script and the right assemble of actors, he can be a huge game changer when it comes to telling heartwarming stories about flawed, but ultimately, good-hearted characters. Beautifully shot ( the production design is especially remarkable) , written and acted ( Viggo Mortensen surprises once again in one of his most nuanced performances to date and Marhershala Ali delivers another strong performance, in what it's turning out to be an outstanding acting career), this is truly one of the best movies l've seen this year, and unlike so many others Oscar winning movies, one that is destined to live long in the memory of its audience. This is not your "run of the mill" Oscar bait movie. This is a solid, very well put together movie that will make you think. And that's what movie going is all about.

I was pleasantly surprised by this film... and I cried. I already knew both these actors are very talented but holy WOW they blew me away in this. Their chemistry is so good and I hope they both win their Oscars. I really hated Viggo's character Tony at first but he redeemed himself by the end, and what a positive message to send: fight hate and prejudice with love and loyalty. Tony became loyal to this man because of experiences he never realized could affect him. His face when he hears Doc play for the first time... priceless. He decides to respect his friend's humanity first and foremost because we ALL have a choice to be decent human beings. It's a really wonderful change for anyone to make. I can't wait to purchase this movie and watch it again!

I have just watched this movie in 2019 and I must say I was missing this great piece, huh!
From music, acting, dialogues to the leads chemistry I'm really impressed. I would definitely chose to watch it again some day.

I really enjoyed this. I've seen so many films recently which are so poorly written with a bad script, over ambitious and pretentious. This is none of those.The sign of a good film? That feeling that you want to watch it all again. I felt it as soon as I left the cinema

This is not a typical road movie. Entertaining, funny in parts,
this film allows the audience to focus on what is really important.

Its hard to say why but this is just a great film. The story line could not be simpler, based on a true story, its about a white man drives a black man across the American south in the early 60's. There isn't a lot more to it apart from that, and yet it is captivating. Its about 2 hours long but it felt like 10 minutes.Thankfully the film does not try to ram home any particular message, it shows all sides of a very different time and it works wonderfully.The acting and character development is just about perfect, they have you totally bought into them very quickly and nothing feels like its exaggerated at any point. There are some really good laughs, some tears and a lots of admiration.This film deserves all the awards it gets.

I did not want this movie to end. I can't say enough good things about it! I laughed, I cried, and I wanted to see it again as soon as it ended. You should not miss this one... trust me!

Best film of the awards season so far. The central performances by Mortensen and Ali are exquisite and the movie itself is a delight; a bittersweet mix of odd couple comedy and racial drama.

Beautiful and moving thriller.Incredible chemistry between these two great actors.Highly enjoyable.

Being an obsessed music nerd (especially for THE VERY BEST music ever made from the early 1900's towards the 70's, such as american/british jazz, blues and rocknroll) this movie got my attention and impressed me by default. But then the script, storytelling, actors and the 60's atmosphere were easily added to my overall opinion that this may be one of the most interesting (and important) flicks made in a long long while. The segregation sensmorale was wellmade in the movie, with excellent acting by Viggo and Mahershala. A memorable drama with a heavy splash of timeless music but also some well timed tunes of comic relief.

This is a hugely enjoyable movie that shows how far race relations in America has come and perhaps also how far it still has to go, told with a good storyline, simple plot device (the road trip) but most of all with really sympathetic lead characters. Two opposites in NY life, Tony Lip, the working class Italian nightclub bouncer from the Bronx ( Viggo Mortensen) and the world class African American pianist Dr Don Shirley ( Mahershala Ali) who lived in a flat above Carnegie Hall, team up for a tour down South. Based on a true story, the road trip shows us that opposite characters can learn humanity and civil understanding of another's world viewpoint from each other in an entertaining and humourous way, and survive the dangers, prejudices and stark reality of life in the Deep South in 1962. Go see it with an open heart and mind and you will be entertained and educated as you enjoy this tale of two men's journey towards mutual understanding.

Went to see this movie with my husband and two good friends, and we all thought it was great! The acting by Mortensen and Ali is outstanding, and the rest of the cast is excellent as well. The performances are authentic and the directing is well paced. The costumes, sets, score ... everything was really well done. Based on a true story, Green Book is moving, funny, thought provoking, and, in the end, a heart warming story of friendship and family-the one you're born with and the one you make along the road.

Green BookRating: A-Green Book is a rare style of film these days in Hollywood. It's a drama, without being unrealistic and drawn out. A comedy, with a sincere, very relevant message.Set back in 1962, we meet Tony Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen), an impulsive, profanity using, Italian-American bouncer living in New York. After he loses his job, he gains an interview with Dr. Shirley (Mahershala Ali), an enigmatic, African-American pianist, who offers Tony the task of driving him around from gig to gig. The problem being that Dr. Shirley was to be playing down south, where people were not as accepting of his race. Tony agrees, even though the job will require him to be absent from his wife Dolores (Linda Cardellini) and his two young sons.Tony and Dr. Shirley seem opposites in many ways, however they are both outcasts, and use their differences from the normal folk to connect with each other. Through the movie, Tony becomes more accepting of people that may have seen worlds apart to him before, and he becomes protective of Dr. Shirley, and strives to become more in touch with his emotions. Whereas Dr. Shirley realizes just how different he is from most African-Americans at that time, him being a rich pianist with no wife or children to take care of. With Tony's influence, Dr. Shirley also becomes less uptight and willing to let loose every now and then.Green Book has something for everyone and deserves all the awards attention it has been getting. Don't miss this wonderful movie!

Loved this movie all the way through. Viggo Mortensen was brilliant. Hoping for Academy award for him. Has been Nominated for Best Actor.

In the 91st Oscar Award Nominated for best Picture and also for Best Film Editing Green Book is my movie of the year 2018 ,its enjoy-ability comes almost completely from its starring performances from an excellent Viggo Mortensen which is my most favorite actor & also nominated for best Leading Roll and Mahershala Ali for the best supporting roll both are imbue their roles with precision and pathos. They find nuance within their familiar types individually and share a spirited chemistry with each other. They are a joy to watch together from start to finish, even though you can tell from the beginning exactly how specific moments between them are going to play out by the end

I am amazed what cinema magic can happen with a simple well written story and two gifted actors doing some of their best work. Add to that the challenging circumstances that was the south in that era and the transformation that can occur if the human spirit is willing. It was all I could do not to cry at the end. A moving experience.

This movie about an unlikely friendship will grow on you. It reminds one that the way you perceive yourself is much more important than how others actually perceive yourself. Step out of your own head and you just might be surprise how everything is not what you think it is. Vigo has the chops and certainly justifies his Best Actor Nomination and Mahershala too as Best Supporting Actor. You will not be able to tell who is in the Lead or Supporting role :) A movie that will make you laugh and feel good after.

I really loved it!
The captivating story reminded me another two great movies such as Intouchables and Hidden Figures.

I could hardly wait to finish the movie before writing this review, and I don't write them terribly often. This is just an excellent film all around. It's heartwarming, insightful and moving, but best of all I thought it was very very funny! There aren't too many movies that cover so many bases and do it as expertly as this. If you haven't seen it, definitely add this one to your list.

One of the best movies I have seen for a long time.
Emotional, great characters and script and perfect acting.
The racism card is not overplayed, but done credible, I am not saying anything else, so that I don't spoil this lovely piece of entertainment. Do watch it.

Green Book is exactly the movie we need right now. It is honest, funny, beautiful, hopeful. The 60's were recreated in every aspect of this film. I loved the dignity of Dr. Shirley and the courage of Tony Lip.

A feel-good movie before anything else, a sweet story with lots of heart. Really wish this kind of a thing would win the Best Picture this year, but it doesn't seem to be in the stars for it. Great chemistry between Ali and Mortensen. Not for cynics.Rating: 7/10

There is not so much to say about this movie.You should watch this.You will be impresed so much and It's so much fun to watch viggo in this role.Great acting.

You have to see this movie.
One of the best movie I have seen in my 29 years.

Great movie, it was well written and played with respect to the all characters. it was not a documentary.The fact that the director and all artists involved contributed to make a movie achieved the goal. We are all human beings and therefore beautifully different.Because some scenes in the movie attempted to broadened our understanding of what it means to be human, illuminates the fact that we are all different. We can not like everything in this world, nor can we be expected to always agree with the choices that our fellow man makes for his or herself.
But we can begin the task of having empathy and learn again how to love, especially because in the end that is all there is
Finely crafted work of art

This is a great film about a bouncer called Tony Lip played brilliantly by Viggo Mortensen he gets hired by a black pianist called Don Shirley played by Mahershali Ali. Tony Lip is an Italian American who sticks to his own people but he needs this job. The job is to drive Don around on a road tour down to the deep south for concerts. It is set in 1962 based on a true story where race relations was it its height. The characters at first don't get on very well they have tackle the racial issues in the south. But they really grow a relationship with each other to try and get over prejudices. Ali is a magnificent actor he proved it when he won the Oscar for Moonlight in 2016 and he proves it again here. Viggo is also brilliant and his perfectly cast for this role. The film was written by Tony Lip's son and you can see the affection the screenplay has for these two real life characters. The film has some very funny moments but also some very difficult moments to watch. I really enjoyed this film and think it has a great chance at the Oscars

The chemistry between the main characters are amazing and the character development was equally amazing. I couldn't stop smiling after the movie!

Clever, thoughtful, entertaining. Great script and performances. What a great film experience.

This movie takes us on a ride as we explore two decent, fractured people explore their own humanity through the other's eyes. Such character driven films need strong actors to carry it . Both men worked so well opposite each other. Very moving film. Hopefully, Oscar noms for writing, directing, acting. One of the best of 2018

When I first found out about this film I was hyped, mainly because of the pairing of Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen. I mean, they are both such fantastic actors and come from very different filmic backgrounds so I was definitely interested. Also what caught my attention was Peter Farrelly's shift towards a drama picture. The fact that it involved a character being a classical pianist was a plus. It seemed like a recipe for a perfect film, yet it lacked some ingredients. I actually liked the fact that the racism came from a different place, it had different shades to it. Most of Dr. Don Shirley's audience were of upper class, people with refined tastes such as opera, art and classical music. So naturally, they highly respected him but nevertheless discriminated him because of the colour of his skin. That subtle treatment was done to a great extent in my opinion, rather than
showing merciless violence. Because it reminds us that racism can come in different, more fine-drawn ways that are still quite offensive because of its subtlety, and sometimes non-direct fashion. A lot of people feel that racism was treated quite lightly, to which I believe it was necessary to succesfully capture different nuances of the situation I stated earlier, regarding Dr. Shirley's profession and his target audience.Viggo and Mahershala give exceptional performances for two very different characters; they depicted Tony and Don's relationship quite well, it was a joy watching pure talent in the screen. Does it have a feel-good tone to it? Yes, this is a story about how two characters were able to look Don Shirley for what he truly is, a wonderful, gifted, highly intelligent human being; no matter the colour of his skin or his sexual orientation; let's not forget this happened in America's darkest decade, that is why their relationship takes a higher meaning.I deeply enjoyed this film, it was greatly written, beautifully acted and well directed. It's enough for me.

This was a good film and on an EMOTIONAL LEVEL I did enjoy it. The performances were amazing yet I loved Mortensen's one better (hard to believe he's Danish).The big problem about it though is that it tries to be too safe and kid-friendly. At times it really feels like it was written as a cristmas miracle story for kids to enjoy.It kind of wants be a serious story about the morale and the people of the time, but everyone besides the main duo are too cartoonish to be beliveable. It kind of brings up the issues of racial segregation but it's afraid to show real racist white people and the negatives from the other side. It shows hard working African Americans on the field to give contrast to the Doc (and to show later that he doesn't feel like he belongs to anyone, even his own people) but it falls into some sort of social justice commentary, when the whole point of capitalism was to give equal opportunities, so if the Doc was educated, worked hard and was paid well it doesn't mean he has to feel guilty before those hardworking farmers. The YMCA reveal scene was kind of made to show why Frank is called "Tonly Lip" but the set up was so unnecessary forced I can't really tell why they went for it in the first place. The ending was cartoonish and family friendly, which is ok, but it really goes on big stretches with some stuff, like the Doc wishing a Merry Christmas to his butler Amit, who's clearly far from being a christian, I mean... You see? It's clearly trying to hard not to offend anyone.I loved that movie, mostly for the duo, the dialogue and overall chemistry between them, great stuff. But the social commentary, the simplification, the idea behind making this a "based on a true story" movie... If they were real people - show us what they were, if not - make this a separate story "inspired" by real events.I just wish it was so much more grounded, I'd enjoy it much more.

First of all it was great movie! At the same time was funny and sad. Also,it's worth watch it, because of its message which is racism.

This has to be the best movie I have seen this year, acting was exceptional by all, everyone should see this movie. I certainly can understand why it was the best movies of the year.

I like the game of actors they do beautiful work and this movie can learn you how people are leaving in 60s and you laugh from the beautiful game of actors.

Preface to this review before I get to the art itself: This movie is problematic in more ways than one. Not only does it act as though it solves racism by the end (by simply suggesting that people not be racist), it also uses the concept of the white savior (an ideal that everyone should research), which is definitely a move that should be disposed of. If you're willing to ignore that idealism (although you shouldn't), there's more than a few redeeming qualities to this movie.Writing/Direction: Who would've thought that the guy who brought the world Dumb and Dumber could deliver such a deft touch? Peter Farrely (Farelly?) gives us a mushy feeling throughout the whole picture and lets us know he's got it under control. Given the fact that the two leads are in a car the whole time, I'm impressed. The writing, while claimed inaccurate by Don Shirley's family, is definitely impressive in that it uses humor in a well-timed way. I will admit that at the end, I did have a warm feeling inside.Performances: Mahershala Ali has proven himself to be one of the greatest actors of our time with so few performances; his performance as Don Shirley truly is the heart of the movie and succeeds as such. Viggo Mortensen is the lead actor and can hold his own as well, from eating an entire pizza uncut to going through an impressive body transformation to showing off his ability to once again master an accent. Viggo and Mahershala's chemistry just makes everything better, so thank you for that. Everyone else in the cast was just fine, they clearly knew the callibur of actors they were working alongside and let them do their thing.Other than that, it's a relatively basic movie. Yeah, there's some fancy music and some period-accurate production design, but it's just nothing special. That combined with the issues it has socially makes this an alright piece of filmmaking.Opinion: This did not deserve best picture.Green book is not revolutionary, nor is it entirely bad, but it certainly is funny through and through. (7/10)

Heart warming drama. Great music that we Boomers could relate to. Tony had a foul mouth, but somehow it wasn't as hard to listen to as usual, because it fit his upbringing and culture. A good look at life for a coloured person in the 60's and just a great Friend story.

Unbelievable. It's only 60 years ago that people in the US south were so ignorant and biased.
But are we better today? Would you let a muslim date your daughter?
Will we ever learn that all humans are equal?
Movies like this one helps. But why does it take a movie to show people, that all people are people?

Really deserved to be Oscar Winner!!
Great story with full of Life Lesson but Not so boring because many "Fresh" humour along the movie make this one really worthy to watch.

This movie was superbly written. Now it's easier to see why it won the Best Original Screenplay Oscar at this year's Academy Awards.Green Book was powerfully and yet smoothly executed. It is also no wonder why it won Best Picture among the other nominees. However, I will say it was a much safer choice than BlacKkKlansman, which I also reviewed here. Nonetheless, this film captivated me with it's own unique and unexpected charm. The mutual support and nurturing chemistry between the two main characters was beyond belief.

In an awards season that offered five Best Picture nominations based on real life stories, that might have been a record in itself. Having seen them all, I think the Academy probably got it right this year in celebrating "Green Book" as it's big winner. It does tend to be formulaic in it's treatment of a white racist working for a black professional musician, who by their association come to understand a little bit about each other and form a bond that survives their two month road trip. But the relationship between Dr. Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) and Tony 'Lip' Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen) is never sugar coated. The dialog between the two men is unusually grating most of the time to be funny, though there are moments of humor that break through. It's hard to imagine how this association came to be in the first place, as the two men are so diametrically opposed in temperament, style and erudition. But underlying Tony's acceptance of a job offer came a profound sense of honor and loyalty to his employer, one that couldn't be shaken by mob acquaintances, dirty cops, or genteel elite who profess surface politeness while refusing service to a member of the black race. What particularly struck me was how the only time Dr. Shirley looked really happy was when he played at the Orange Bird saloon in the Deep South, casting aside his refined demeanor to really play his heart out for an audience that responded so enthusiastically. What the two men learn about each is directly at the heart of the story, one which transcends race, religion and background in an effort to understand what makes people similar rather than the differences that keep them apart.

Good acting, good filming, good story, good sets and production design, nice script and plot, good and colourfull atmosphere, good music , good and timely set props , great editing and good reflection of living segregatedlythis is all i want to say, as the old grumpy man, who floats on the southern sway of driving miss daisy, forrest gump, mississipi on fire and fried green tomatoes. recommended.

I just watched it last night. Those 2hrs passed quickly, kept my attention whole time and ended with smile on my face. Superb acting, overall just really well done, i still think about the movie.. 

I enjoyed every minuet of it.
All cast did britty great job , the directing and the cenery was created sooooo beautifully .

The sort of movie you can settle into and really enjoy. Was glad when I heard it won best picture.
A few things pushed the boundaries of believability e.g. the way the driver does such an about turn in his racist views when he through away glasses black men had drunk from at the start to throwing open his home to him at the end. Also it was not believable that the classical pianist immediately and spontaneously became a jazz bar/ popular music player in the bar. Also how he suddenly gets a life long passion for fried chicken after not even wanting to touch it at first.
But you can overlook all that and just enjoy. Vigor was unrecognisable to me all through the film even though I'd earlier read that he was in it - a real body transformation!

Film about dignity, courage and true friendship.After more than 20 years since Peter Farrelly directorial debut with movie Dumb and Dumber, he has directed a truly masterpiece. Working throughout his career mainly with the comedy genre, Green Book has absorbed all the Farelly accumulated experience about how to make the audience laugh, but now with the help of a completely evolved type of humor - an intellectual one.In the tragicomedy as a cinema genre, a balance between the quantity and quality of humor and the dramatic part is very important and the authors of the film coped with this task with a bang.Extraordinary combination of Viggo Mortensen (The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, A Perfect Murder, The Road) and Mahershala Ali (Moonlight, True Detective) acting duet and good story makes this film really fun to watch. The feelings and emotions of the main characters are sincere and real. Dialogues and their accompanying with body language are well thought out and felt harmonious.Colors of the film are warm and bright. Cinematography is solid but nothing special. Camera movements are calm, different angles and plans changes with the normal frequency.Green Book is highly recommended to watch and a must to watch if you like jazz, America 60s and willing to empathize with the main characters on their thorny path in the era of human-to-human violence and selfishness.

There are very few movies out there that are both great movies and great Christmas movies, and this is definitely amongst the few.Do yourself a favour, and if you haven't seen this yet, save it for Christmas Eve.

I am writing this after just finishing in seeing this great movie. It has what it takes to make a great and genius movie about true friendship between to people which, at first sight, had nothing in common.
The bronx accent of Tony Lip and the italian way of solving his problems is absolutly amazing - it reminds me of de Niro in the movie "A Bronx story". The music played is also something that's giving this movie the greatness it deserves - the way in which Don Shirley plays with his heart and with such perfection, gives you goose bumps.
Rasism is also put in the light, but only to show people that with courage and the right people by your side you can overcome every fear you have.
A worth watching movie, it has all the necessary ingredients.

En la simpleza de un coche, nos hace sentir a los personajes, vivir el racismo y sentir la soledad, divertida y fugaz.
Enamora, el Oscar totalmente merecido.

Nick Vallelonga has surely an Oscar here a heart warming tale from beginning to end.The acting is a masterclass of how it should be done. Racism in the 50s ruminates throughout and the ugliness it reflects on everyone who promotes it .Mahershala Ali plays the irrepressible Dr Shirley with passion and grace and is hilarious at times without slipping from the role. This said his co star Viggo Mortensen is equally stunning as Tony Lip and is the total opposite to Alis character care free but still holding on to his morals for the love of his wife and children. An absolute delight and an absolute favourite to be awarded for its shear delight.

This is the first review i write here. Me and my wife watched this movie and we simply loved it. All about it is great - the acting and contrast between the characters and their lives, the comedy, the special natural moments that developed their understanding about the world we all live in, the importance of humanity and why we need to stand together accepting our differences. The direction and production were great, really on top! This is a movie that everyone should see! Great work! 10/10

I went to the theater thinking this was fiction. Wrong. It's a darn good film with superb acting by Viggo Mortenson (Tony Lip) and Mahershala Ali (Dr. Don Shirley). The interplay between the obnxious Italian bouncer (Tony Lip) and the stuffy black vitruoso brought chuckles, was thought provoking, and didn't just demonize the white guy. It showed both men's humanity and obvious flaws, and if it didn't make racism/segregation seem horrid, it didn't make it look nice. After playing to standing ovations, the good doctor still had to use the outhouse and drive to the colored cafe to eat.This movie has been lambasted by the PC crowd as too soft on racism (debatable) and too much from the Italian's viewpoint - true, but why is that a crime?. I suspect their real gripe is that Whitey made this film. Well, they can gripe, but most like the movie, and rightfully so.

Excellent relationship between the characters, a good script that knows how to work well the timeline and various situations that arise and are resolved as the story progresses. So we have an execelente road movie that has everything to be chosen as the best movie of the year at the Oscars. And of course Mahershala Ali deserves to win the Oscar for best supporting actor.

A very solid movie with stunning performances from both leading and supporting role actors. The movie keeps you attached to the screen the whole time, it contains a lot of humour, but do not get confused - it also does offer very deep and touching conversations. I was not too sure what to expect when I was entering the cinema, but , boy, oh boy! It went far beyond my expectations. The movie is a must see!

Green Book tells the true story of Tony Lip(Viggo Mortensen) an Italian-American bouncer/chauffeur, who Dr. Don Shirley(Mahershala Ali) an African-American pianist hires, when he tours several venues in the deep south of America, during the 1960s.Green Book is a brilliant movie. Director Peter Farrelly has given us a film, that effortlessly blends both comedic & dramatic elements. There are scenes where you will be guffawing & there are also scenes that are emotional & leave you teary-eyed. The gorgeous locales have been captured beautifully by cinematographer, Sean Porter. The performances are the highlight of the movie. Viggo Mortensen is outstanding as Tony Lip. The physical transformation that Mortensen went through to embody his character, is commendable. Mahershala Ali is spectacular as Dr. Don Shirley. Ali's nuanced yet powerful performance, deserves all the awards coming his way. The effortless chemistry between Viggo Mortensen & Mahershala Ali, is what makes this film flawless. Linda Cardellini is fantastic as Dolores. The supporting cast is superb. Green Book is a must watch. Go, be entertained & moved.

I have no words.
See it for yourself and you will find a hidden gem.

Now and again amongst the comic book franchises, the re- hashed horror and total CGI comes an interesting story that's truly entertaining. I don't know if it's just a blip in studio output but they have recently released some good films with different stories. The whole cast were excellent, the editing / pacing well done, all helped by a script that had a bit of everything. Furthermore it's not a PC preachy type, it just retells a story for viewers to consider. Very good, watch when you can.

I didn't know whether to cry or smile at the end, such an amazing drama.

It is a movie that really touch me, it really shows the difficulties of the time, but most important, the interaction of those two actors is outstanding. Bravo!!!

Mr Ali and Mr Mortensen were amazing ... The film was a bit predictable but it had its wonderful moments, those moments that made us remember something familiar.

I was completely blown away by this movie for i did not see this coming. It was like being blind sided as your driving down the road in a torrential rain storm. The chemistry between Viggo and Ali on screen is impeccable and they will touch your heart and make you feel as if you've known them for years. No matter your race, creed or color, everyone needs to see this movie... Perhaps it will change the way you feel about the human race as a whole, hopefully in a positive way.

High praise for the performers (side note: Viggo Mortensen, a superior actor, may be endangering his health in cutting or putting on weight in various roles) and the director. To people who don't like "Green Book": it's a movie, and a story can be entertaining and meaningful without being a lecture. Two quick points: a. I'd vote for Mahershala Ali to win the Best Supporting Actor Oscar -- superior work in developing a complicated character -- gifted, eccentric, idealistic, ambivalent -- and for ultimately being successful in creating pathos and admiration for the character in the audience. b. To highlight one of many excellent scenes (you'll know when you see the film): one of the best ways to fight racism is for the decent person in the room to have the guts not to deliver a sermon but to just tell the fool in the room to knock it off and to damn well watch-your-rear mean it.

No need to write a long story about this marvelous movie with great acting , story and more.. just great

The critics review's of Green Book naturally zero in on artistic merit and other factors but I review movies based on how much I enjoyed them and artistic merit is factored in later. Green Book was the movie I enoyed the most this past year. It kept me engrossed from start to finish and at the end I felt that was two hours well spent. Acting was superb, store was fasinating, and it was fairly accurate as biographies go. Even though I came of age during the time period of the movie I had never heard of Don Shirley. His musical style does combine jazz, pop, and classical touches and it played well on the big screen in 7.1 Dolby. A great sound track of his music as well as other popular music of that era. Yes, the movie was somewhat formulaic but so what? It was both funny and dramatic and captured the spirit, good and bad, of the times. I especially liked the way the movie opened with recreated scenes of the famous Cocacabana night club in New York, and ending with the extended family Christmas dinner in the Bronx. The two leads should both get Oscars as should the original screenplay. My overall feeling is the movie somewhat downplayed the racial issues in the south, even though they were disturbing to watch. I have a feeling it was even worse that we northeners could imagine. But maybe that is what made the movie enjoyable - it wasn't a downer by any means, but reflected the good in people for the most part. Go see it. It is a great story with great actors.

Sooo good! The thematic experience was phenomenal. Would recommend to anoybody. The story was absolutely breathtaking.

Green Book is about the friendship between Tony Lip and Don Shirley. The movie is taken so beautifully. Viggo Mortensen and Mehershala Ali did an excellent job and I hope the latter will win his second oscar. Green book makes us feel good all the time. Watching this movie felt so good and an unique experience. Overall, Green Book is a must watch beautifully directed film. Hats off to Peter Farrelly.

A wonderful funny,inspiring and brilliantly acted movie. Many highlights and points being made. Just go and see it!!!

GREEN BOOK follows a Viggo Mortenson a man who has a simple life and a loving wife.
One day, he gets a job to drive a pianoist, Dr. Shirley (Mahershala Ali) (Moonlight, True Detective)
They both form a special bond and deeply connect, even though they at times fight with each other.
The movie deals with racism in the south in a very interesting way.
Dr. Shirley is racially profiled and treated harshly by others, due to the color of his skin, what is beautiful is that Viggo accepts him for who he is, and does not judge him.
The movie isn't sad, heartbreaking, it's beautiful, most movies about subject matters such as racism tend to be sad and hard to watch, however, Green Book avoids that.
It's an easy to watch movie that deals with racism, and it's not sad!

Out of all the 2018 Oscar nominees, this was one I was looking forward to the most and I'm happy that it lived up to the hype. This wasn't your typical racial film, it was so much more. The chemistry between Ali and Mortenson is tremendous and I enjoyed it thoroughly.

This movie got me to register on IMDB so that i can comment on its excellency!Wow! This is one of the most refreshing movies I have seen in a very long time.Based on true events and a backdrop of racism, I feel the comic side of this movie just makes you laugh throughout its entirety. Racism was and still is bad but I have learnt that through perserverance, though it may look like there is no change, you can make a difference.This will always be in my hall of fame of the best movies of my generation.

I was expecting a PC barf-fest and eventually watched it because of Vigo but it turned out to be a very thoughtful and well executed movie with both the main actors doing terrific job in playing their respective characters... A rightful nomination for the Oscars...

Even if it's similar to other movies, Green Book manages to teach very valuable lessons that you thought you already knew, showing a different point of view, while being incredibly entertaining. I've laughed out loud during many parts of the film, thanks to the charming performaces of the two leading actors (Vigo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali).

A movie that mainstream Hollywood isn't talking about. A wonderful story. Phenomenaly acted. Definite feel good movie.

Green book is about an unlikely friendship between two people who are as different as chalk and cheese. It is about humanity, about understanding the other person, being in their shoes and how the simple act of talking to the other person erases all sorts of boundaries. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali slip into the two characters effortlessly, It is a delight to watch the journey of their friendship. Their performances shine and their dynamic with each other is what makes the movie so watchable

One of the most clich-filled movies of 2018 is also one of the most endearing. Loaded with road film tropes and framed as a 'journey of two unmatched souls', Green Book (2018)is a male-centric essay on 1960s American racism that resonates today.Rough-neck Italian bouncer Tony Lip (Viggo Mortensen) is out of work at the same time that Black-American virtuoso pianist Dr Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) wants to hire a driver for a deep South tour. Tony's reputation precedes him, and Dr Shirley knows that the trip will encounter the sort of problems that a man like Tony can handle. Their first meeting is a parody of cultural difference: the haughty high-brow coloured man in a flowing African robe seated on a throne, meets an uncouth, uneducated, and racist Italian whose belligerence promises safety.On-screen text provides city and state milestones for the trip, and the deeper south they drive, the more racial hostility they find. Along the way, Tony's lack of culture slowly responds to the sensitive aesthetic of the acclaimed pianist, while Dr Shirley's arrogance is softened by Tony's connection with what matters to ordinary people (like fried chicken and the music of Little Richard). The Green Book in the film's title actually existed and listed safe accommodation for Black American travellers. They are modest rooms compared with those the Carnegie Hall performer wants, but they are sanctuaries from racial vilification. At other times, the predictable scenarios of humiliation include being honoured for his playing while not being allowed to eat with white people or use their toilets.
The narrative arc is tied to the tour and remains low on dramatic tension or plot twists. This is not an action-rich film, rather it's a two-hander character study that unfolds incrementally through the insightful banter between polar opposite personalities. Tony's regular letters to his wife become a recurring motif of mutual support; they start out with monosyllabic banalities and progress into lyrical prose, coached by the literate musician. They begin to care for each other and, when the tour is over, both are unsurprisingly better people for the experience.The entire weight of this film rests on an intelligently humorous script and sensitive delivery by Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali. With authenticity and emotional nuance, they have synergy that is rare between males from opposites worlds. The meta-message in Green Booklies in the sad necessity that films like this still need to be made to highlight America's tensions with coloured and culturally different people. The echoes are deafening, with films like BlacKkKlansman(2018)and If Beale Street Could Talk (2018) joining the chorus. Green Booksays more about today than the era it depicts.

Green book is one of those movies, that really stick into your head after days you ve watched it. The 2 main characters are so well performed, and the chemistry between them is stunning. Through this very emotional and some times ''sad'' joyrney, the film manages to give many funny moments, which results it to be an emotional rollercoaster in the end.

How could a nation's basic values differ from region to region? How could you applaud a performance and abhor the performer? There are so many disturbing scenes in this movie but things get better as the movie absorbs you in... We only start noticing the positive things like friendship, courage and principles. We feel good as two very different man get closer and as they learn from each other. Mortensen and Ali shine together in their roles as a team of harmony. A top notch feel-good movie; mission accomplished...

Green Book tackles the difficult and seldom approached issue of racism in America, something still contentious today; however, the script allows both a serious message whilst not muddling the issue with a message too heavy for the nature of the film.Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen are Oscar-worthy, both turning in performances accurately and with subtle nuances giving an added depth. Artistry and costume design is brilliant, along with the depiction of New York at the beginning and end of the film.Overall, Green Book is a pure film with good intentions - the music backs the excellent casting and well-thought script to create a complete piece, worthy of watching.

This is a brilliant film with just enough humour and heart. The characters are interesting and you find yourself drawn into the story from the word go.

Green Book tells the story of a trip where an Italian-American nightclub "bouncer" (Viggo Mortensen) ends up driving a prestigious, and importantly black, piano player (Mahershala Ali) around the US in the mid 1960s, namely through several shows in the deep US south still very much socially dividedIf this movie was only about segregation in the South, it probably would not add as much given how frequently this topic has been depicted in moviesBut thankfully it is much more than thatIt is about feeling accepted by your keen, it is about how success can be lonely and also about embracing the best of people who are different from you.And it does this brilliantly by showing a constant debate between these two man and the different setbacks and distinct perspectives with which them face them.As added bonus, the soundtrack is great and not by one second do you doubt the actor is playing those piano keys, even if they are actually supplied by the movie's soundtrack coordinator.Viggo Mortensen's performance is absolutely sublime, especially if it is not your first time watching one of his movies, and a real candidate for the Best Actor. Of course Mahershala Ali does not disappoint either, but I see some traits there from his role in House of CardsIn any case a great movie with an engaging plot, heat-warming and still very emotionally charged and with lots to be shocked about in regards to a black man's statue in the 1960s (which continues to be absolutely mindboggling when you realize this was 50+ years ago only).

A tour de force by the two leads. Mahersala routinely transitioned from pompous elitist to vulnerable loner in the same take while Mortensen played against type and nailed the Bronx - almost wise guy - character to a T. The script while strumming the emotional chords avoided taking too many liberties which resulted in an exceedingly good film

I was not very impressed by the trailer of this film. But when it got so many nominations in the OSACRS, I was forced to watch it. And I must admit that i was so wrong after watching the trailer.Green Book is a very nice film which should not be missed. The story of two people coming from very opposite background and with many prejudices against each other connects immediately with me. Although the film is set in 1962, many issues shown in the film are still relevant and true.Still the world is divided on the lines of colour, country, caste, religion, community etc. Most of the problems in world have popped because of these divisions. That is why despite this film being based on a true story, it can be adapted in every country. It is this universality of the film which made me fall in love with it.It is a well a well made film which is excellent in every department.

A wonderful movie, emotional, funny, not boring, full of intense moments and realistic situations of art, racism, friendship.
Both the protagonists are well interpreted, as it is for the other components of the band and the driver's wife. It's a touching picture of the american society, rich and poor, white and black, through a trip along the south of the United States, to bring music but also courage, revolution, acceptation of the different.
I really liked it, it is definitely a movie that has something to say.

I never write reviews but this movie was amazing. I haven't seen a good movie in the theaters in awhile so this was refreshing. I loved it. Definitely my favorite movie

It goes without saying that this is my favorite movie of 2018, and I say it for many reasons; Performances that are very cool and because of their emotional and nostalgic charge.
The film tells how a racist man (Tony lip) who is famous for being a quest of the bronx, becomes close friend of Don shirley, sophisticated pianist and a genius of music, seems to be the polar opposite of Tony but during a trip for two months to the south of usa, where Tony works for shirley everything changes and we see how the hearts of each of the men is becoming different and each time they seem to share more things in common. In the trip they face many difficulties when going through a highly racist area in a racist era that was the 60s, these situations will show the true protective personality of Tony and how each time his bond is stronger.
It's my favorite of the year because when I left the cinema I felt renewed and satisfied, a true poetry about friendship and an incredible road movie that will remain for the story, a movie that is hard to forget due to its story so alive that it makes you laugh and at the same time feel like crying

Wow! In this age of special effects and CGI heavy superhero films, it's a relief to know Hollywood is still capable of producing a heartwarming, heartbreaking film! Viggo Mortensen's portrayal of stereotypically Italian Tony seemed a little cheesey and clichd to begin with, but he grew on me. Mahershala Ali gave an absolutely mind blowing acting performance! If he is not at least nominated for an academy award for his portrayal of Dr. Don Shirley then something is seriously wrong with the Oscar's screening process!

This film is just perfect. the story, the characters, the humor is fantastic. I was so hooked on this film i was never bored. the characters are charming, and spending an entire road trip left me oddly sad it was over. i will definitely buy this, and i recommend it without hesitation to go see. it would be a disservice to not see it.

This film is peotry in motion.
It touches you soul and at the end of it u walk out with a sensetion of pleasure in yourself.

This movie details the relationship between pianist Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) and a bouncer named Tony (Viggo Mortensen) who is hired to drive him through the Deep South in 1962 for a two month concert tour. He is to make sure he reaches all the concert destinations and to keep him safe if any trouble should arise, and plenty does. The acting is wonderful, especially by Viggo Mortensen, who portrays an Italian from New York who is a bit rough around the edges compared to the dignified Shirley. Plenty of humor is interspersed within the poignant relationship that develops between the two men. This movie is based on a true story when segregation was the "norm", and the Green Book was a travel guide for African Americans that listed hotels that were available for them to stay in, which were often subpar if best. If you are looking for a fast paced thriller, this movie might not be for you, but if you like movies that show a piece of history and true to life heart-warming stories, then this one is for you!

If you like to watch movies for great performances, a good story, depth of emotion, and god forbid entertainment, then you will love this movie. If the makers of this movie wanted to pander to the righteousness of its critics, then they would have made a different movie. Overall, it 1/2(TM)s a great balance between the depressing reality of racism and pure entertainment.

This was a really great movie, better then expected  Definitely needs to be watched

This is just a lovely simple movie of friendship built while travelling on the road playing the piano. Give it a watch it won't disappoint 10 out of 10.

Tony the Lip as they call him over being brutally honest and having a big appetite and is street smart former war vet who is also a bouncer Italian American who has to wait two months for his job at a nightclub closes down for renovations.
While needing money and at times, uses his fist in a former life may had been a boxer with a big appetite. Reluctantly takes a job as a driver for an African-American classical pianist. To support his wife and two young sons for two months.Dr Shirley who is an well educated(He holds a doctorate even), classical musician more civilized though a bit snobby and polished who abstains from foul language, going to the South on his own to change minds despite his color. Sadly he is not also accepted by his own race due to his rich and famous lifestyle up north in NY where Tony is from also.
Both men have a love-hate relationship. Due to their differences, likes, race, and Tony being a loud mouth slob with a huge appetite. As while Dr Shirley is introverted, polished, and likes to wear nice things, hence living in NY above Carniege Hall and has to have a certain kind of piano. But both men being to appreciate each other despite the differences.Tony becomes the brother, friend, confidante Dr Shirley does not have as the latter is more married to his music, trying to be accepted, and personal accomplishments. While the musician tries to open his loud mouth Italian American employee to other races, colors, the USA and world. Through not just his eyes, but heart and soul. And vice versa.Things go fine in the Midwest but when they go to the South, it really changes the movie and really puts the men differences as they are no different then they say they are. And have a few things in common whether they admit it or not.This is the movie the USA needs to see. How that we have come a long way from the civil rights but have a very long way to go. To accept people as humans. The only thing and race that matters is the human race. 9/10!

Without a shadow of doubt there is no more deserving film for best picture than this one .The story is equally as important now as it was when it was set in the early 1960s . I have said many times that films based on real events make the best films .This is a story of ignorance and one man's attempt to rise above the hate and violence - like a Ghandi type character his strength came not from the fist but from his conviction that he was right .It was a story of an unlikely friendship where two worlds collided and the master servant relationship was juxtaposed.If you like drama with humour , with laughter and with tears this is the film for you .Brilliant 10/10

Finally!!!
Finally a beautiful movie. Simply beautiful.
This film is a gift.
Now that most movies are just full of gratuitous violence, vulgarity, or simply awful, Green Book offers us an example of old style cinema. A simple but beautiful and captivating story, nicely filmed, with great dialogues, sublime acting, and great music.
Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are immense, and the chemistry between them is so perfect.
I swear that if this movie loses the Academy Award for best movie in favor of The Favourite (one of the worst movies ever made), I will lose my faith in cinema awards forever.
Magnificent film, don't miss it!

Worthy of Oscar nominations for both Actors.Really enjoyed this 'road' movie - a movie about race, a movie about friendship, a movie that captures the early 60s in America so well. Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali work so well together - and the cinematography is just amazing to behold. To say more would be to risk spoilers but i strongly recommend this film

I'm going to start my review a little differently, addressing many criticisms about the racial issues that are "glossed over". Not every film has to be a harrowing depiction of segregation where characters are brutally harmed. Much like in Farrelly's case here, a lighter approach can still produce the same intentions and profound awareness without detracting from the main story itself. That is why I believe Green Book is a resounding success. The racial discrimination is an environmental factor that brings these two opposing personalities closer together, focusing on a story about friendship. Inspired by the true story of Don Shirley, an ingeniously talented pianist, hiring an Italian-American bouncer to be his driver and bodyguard as they tour the deep south. They use "The Negro Motorist Green Book" to find hospitality establishments that would accommodate African-American travellers.The beauty of this straight-forward plot is these two differing characters coming together during a heightened discriminatory phase within society. A white tough-talking brash bouncer who was born and raised in the family orientated Bronx borough, who's narrow point of view makes him a casual racist much like the rest of white Americans at the time, journeys with a black wealthy uptight lonely pianist for a couple of months. It is as formulaic as one would expect, and you know exactly how the film will conclude. Yet, the earnest friendship that blossoms between these two individuals, is something that unexpectedly enveloped me in pure joy. Shirley's acute diction and dignifying mannerisms allows Vallelonga to adopt these traits and make him a better human being. He starts to show compassion and understanding for Shirley, not just as a black employer but as a friend. Conversely Vallelonga provides company for Shirley who often succumbs to loneliness, and soon finds that he has found someone who understands him. Vallelonga's innocent naivety is the key that unlocks Shirley's door of solitude. It is a near-perfect depiction of professional companionship, a friendship I never knew I wanted until now.What enables these characters to bloom in the Louisiana sun is a surprisingly well-written screenplay that boasts humour and character development. The barrage of witty humour makes up for the lack of dramatic scenes, and actually allows us to connect with these typically closed individuals. Through their banter we instantly start to identify specific characteristics that make them tick, for example Vallelonga has one heck of an appetite and does not stop talking. Meanwhile Shirley's uptight persona means he often lectures Vallelonga on morally correct life choices and attempting to improve his lexicon. The scene where they share a bucket of Kentucky fried chicken is a perfect illustration of two characters breaking each other down and forming a bond. The added attention to Vallelonga's hearty family (wait, was that Velma from 'Scooby-Doo'!?) makes that last scene even more palpable, leaving a profound emotion of pure happiness. However, none of the above could come to fruition if it wasn't for Mortensen and Ali's performances. They were outstanding. Ali in particular gave so much to his character without resorting to melodrama. Subtle touches, like sitting cross legged, asserted Shirley's mannerisms. Mortensen really came into his own here also, and felt a real natural chemistry between himself and Ali. Farrelly's direction, although nothing outstanding, was decent at ensuring the light-hearted tone was consistent throughout.Many have remarked that this is essentially 'Driving Miss Daisy' but with the races switched for its characters, which is a fair comment and a valid reason as to why it is a formulaic story. And sure some additional drama could've been included to, not necessarily enhance the awareness of racial issues, but the initial conflict between these two opposing characters. Still, it's a delicate film about understanding. Two individuals from opposite backgrounds (both in wealth and race) forming a beautiful friendship on the basis of mutual respect for one another. Plenty of smiles, laughs and general entertainment to be had. So sit back, relax and enjoy the long comfortable drive.

This 2018 drama stars Viggo Mortensen, Mahershala Ali and Linda Cardellini based on a true story. This takes place in the early 60's where we meet Italian-American bouncer and family man, Tony "Lip" Vallelonga (Mortensen) who gets a temporary job as a driver for African-American pianist, Don Shirley (Ali). While traveling through the South for Shirley's concert tour, they not only face racial tension/injustice from others, but befriend each other. Cardellini (Legally Blonde) plays Tony's wife, Dolores. This is a great film with dramatic and humorous moments, Both,
Mortensen & Ali give terrific performances and are great together.
I recommend this.

Green Book is based on the true story friendship of Don Shirley and Tony Vallelonga. The former was a highly regarded black musician, praised for his virtuosity, and the latter a struggling family man trying to keep food on his family's table. They were an unlikely pair, and yet over the course of a two month tour of the deep south, they forged a friendship that lasted fifty years until their deaths within months of each other. It's not exactly a headline-making story, but it's one ripe for telling to warm the cockles.Half buddy comedy, half racial drama, the meat of the film is watching these two character interact as they travel from city to city. As far as narrative pacing goes, this is probably where my only criticism lies. It's two hours of traveling montage - dramatic interaction over race - traveling montage - dramatic interaction over race - traveling montage - and so on and so forth. While each interaction is different, and each character is fleshed out more as their kinship develops, it still somehow comes off as a little repetitive once you reach the end of the second act. Thankfully the interactions are so good, either from the drama they invoke, or from the subtle comedy, that it chugs along quite pleasantly regardless.Mahershala Ali plays Shirley with a delicate finesse that instantly places him beyond the realms of racial stereotypes. As he later shouts through tears later on in the film - in possibly one of the film's most powerful moments - he's not black enough to be black, but not white enough to be white. He lives a life simultaneously praised and downtrodden on by white people. They want him to come and entertain them, but won't let him use their toilets, or eat in their restaurant. On the stage he earns every ounce of praise, shedding his skin colour entirely, but once he comes off he's just another black man. But not even the black community will accept him. In the most poignant of scenes that displays this, the car overheats and Tony gets out to cool it off and top up the water. Shirley gets out in front of a field being plowed by a group of black people - staged somewhat reminiscent of slavery - dressed to the nines in his expensive suit. The looks he gets rightly makes him feel uncomfortable. Ultimately his unwelcomed existence leads to heaps of loneliness.But for me the film was all on Viggo Mortensen as Tony Vallelonga (or Tony Lip as he's affectionately called). While Shirley finds a friend at the end, and a sense of belonging, Tony finds more as his previous worldview is almost entirely shattered by spending real time with a black man for the first time in his life. At the beginning, he bins two glasses used by black plumbers, while the rest of his family sit there minding the place suspiciously, giving off a racist atmosphere. In truth, Tony starts out as a not particularly likeable guy, and yet you can't help but get behind his charm. He's manipulative, brash, violent, and lacks manners, but he's also entertaining, charming, and loving to his wife and family. As the film goes on, as the friendship develops between him and Shirley, and as he becomes a little less racist as the runtime goes on, he becomes an altogether softer character who's learned lessons of dignity along the way.Of course from some perspectives one intrinsic problem with the film is how Tony is hailed as a white saviour, and on that point I can't really disagree. Shirley would've been useless without Tony standing up for him (apart from in one instance where this gets them both locked up in jail, and Shirley has to get them out with a particularly important phonecall). Yet at the same time I can't help but feel this is more down to the nature of the two character's personalities rather than their skin colour. Tony is hired as a driver and bodyguard because he's a big guy who can take a punch, and displays a rare loyalty to his charge. Of course he's going to be the saviour, that's what he was employed to do. Shirley on the other hand is a softer pedigree of person. He values personal hygiene far higher than most, he's pampered by his butler, he lives a secluded life by himself without any real knowledge of how the world around him works. He's the type of character, black or not, that needs someone to stand up for him in difficult situations.Finally on the note of historical accuracy; who cares? This isn't a documentary. I swear I see this about every true story adaptation, but it's a movie for entertainment, that bends the truth in order to get it's point across, and create moments of drama or humour that will enthral it's audience. It's not a blow-by-blow account of Shirley and Tony's roadtrip during those two months. It may not even be entirely truthful to the characters of the real men, but as a movie it just works. It makes you happy, it makes you sad, and ties it's characters and themes together creating one cohesive story.Green Book was definitely a very enjoyable movie. It was far funnier than I ever expected, and that was something pleasantly surprising. Every interaction between Shirley and Tony feels natural, and the chemistry shared between Mortensen and Ali is fantastic to watch. Whether they're butting heads ideologically or comedically, or coming around to the other's viewpoints, you can't help but root for both of them and the budding friendship. I give Green Book a solid 8/10. I certainly wouldn't be disappointed if it won Best Picture.

It's a really great movie. The story of friendship between the film's stars reminded me of the French-made "The Intouchables". This movie is traced to a true story and the performance of the leading actors.

Give this one an oscar. Totally outstanding. The very best of this year everybody have to give this masterpiece a good look

I was having a not particularly good day. Saw this trailer a few days ago and on the off chance checked my local cinema to see if anything new was on. I was very pleased to see this was there. Excellent film. This really made me feel so much better and completely changed my mood and make me feel good about life again. Beautiful film.I am so tired of the garbage being spewed out and this was a breath of fresh air. I love movies like this.

It has two excellent performances from Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen with nice visuals and genuine emotion and some really good humour. A great comedy drama that tackles powerful themes.

One of the best movies I've seen in a long, long time. Brilliant acting, masterful script (which is getting rare for Hollywood) and funny but subtle humour. Loved it.My only gripe is the 12A rating. Here in the UK it means any child can see it with an accompanying adult. Some crude humour, a few strong curses and showing two naked men in a shower I feel was excessive for a movie with the same rating as some kid's movies.Otherwise it was a breath of fresh air for Hollywood and will definitely win Oscars next year.Would definitely recommend.9/10.

Green Book is inspired by the true story of Tony Lip and Don Shirley. This movie really grabbed my attention because it is a buddy film. Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen give out standing performounces that got them both the honor of being nominated for best supporting and best actor in a motion picture. Over all this film was funny, sad, and maybe even violent. I would definitely recommend this movie to people who love history and dramadeys .

Both Lead actors give great performances in this humorous, charming, interesting and modest film.
Many times throughout the film I was waiting for an over the top, unrealistic display of the characters morals. I am very glad that this never happened, great credit to the Director for allowing the smaller moments to carry the film. In doing so you are given time to think about all these moments and what they mean to you and the characters. These characters evolve through the film as they both learn about themselves and each other. Again not shown with grand gestures but with small changes, just how the main theme of Racism needed to be changed and still does even to this day.
The modesty of the film sets itself apart from other films of its type. It doesn't feel the need to shove its important themes down in your face but hope you have the openness to acknowledge them.
Both Viggo Mortensen and Mahershala Ali are well worth the watch and both deserving of award nominations as well as the Director Peter Farrelly.
A lovely film that has it all.

Director Peter Farrelly is certainly best known for his big-hearted, light comedies; from Dumb and Dumber to There's Something About Mary, Farrelly has shown himself to be a sure hand at the genre. His new film, Green Book, employs much of the same warm comedy, but along with a far more dramatic narrative.
Green Book is the (though now debatably) true story of Italian-American bar bruiser, Tony "Lip" Vallelonga (Viggo Mortensen), who finds work as a driver for a renowned black pianist, Dr Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali) as he embarks on a concert tour across the Deep South. The film explores the growing friendship of the two men against the ugly backdrop of segregated America.
There is plenty of fun to be had in Green Book; as expected of Farrelly, there's an effortless charm to the film, supported by belly-laughing humour and spirited characters. The script is occasionally a little clunky, but what truly ensures the success of Green Book is its performances (both Oscar noms). Viggo Mortensen leads as Tony, a big-mouthed big eater, impressively humorous but also adding an emotive touch to a role that could have easily seemed like a caricature. There's a huge heart to Mortensen's lively performance that is somewhat captivating. This is played off nicely by Mahershala Ali, on usual expert form as Dr Shirley. Ali's composure and poise lend his performance this quiet gravitas that seems to find its true culmination in the film's most powerful scene, as Tony and Don argue in the rain as two minorities unaccepted in 1960s America.
It seems a shame, however, that the aforementioned scene is the closest that Green Book gets to really addressing its subject. The racial themes of the film are swiftly glossed over for the most part, even from the beginning where we see an apparently prejudiced Tony dispose of the drinking glasses of two black workmen, only to be seen happily kneeling on the ground playing dice with a group of African Americans some twenty minutes later. The film doesn't just discuss race; class and sexuality are also lingering themes, but both feel all too briefly mentioned. There are certain scenes that do tackle the issues head on and I loved those moments, but much of the film is coated in a layer of sentimentality that, certainly by the third act, becomes almost sugary.
That being said, however, I loved the warmer and lighter points of the film as much as I loved the more dramatic. Though helped certainly by the brilliant performances, Green Book's sentimentality doesn't stop it from being voraciously watchable. The final act drags, suitably like a car with a flat tyre, but otherwise the film is infectiously entertaining, bringing across its narrative in the most accessible way. In the end, perhaps Green Book isn't intended to be a gritty account on race relations; though there is more opportunity for nuanced drama, it feels far more like a feel-good crowd-pleaser.
In the end, Green Book may be a little simplistic in approach for more cultivated audiences, but it remains a thoroughly entertaining romp, made successful by two standout performances.

Great music, wonderful acting, both Marshalla Ali and Viggo Mortensen are performing very good. Great dialogs even there are cliches and predictable scenes, this movie is worth to watch , very enjoyable and funny too.

The movie is really fantastic with Viggo and Mahershala giving a very simple excellent performance with me loving Viggo more. The story is superb along with the screenplay of the characters which was very terrific with some awesome quotes that can go on forever.
The best thing I like about the story that it didn't have to be R rated to show racism and give us much violence to describe it. It only showed this with absolutely no loud voice or profanity or anything more than
looks and very simple situation, for me the whole movie is excellent in it's impossible simple way of telling the story with the simple performances that lacked the presence of better music that would have made the scenes a lot more better. Also the whole Green Book matter in the film wasn't clear for me even when it was opened and couldn't understand it's presence that much more than that it's because it's the movie's title!. Also hopped that it didn't get to the sexuality and that kinda stuff which sometimes is not necessary in the movies especially this one and only to attract some audiences which I am totally against. Viggo's character will be me favorite for a long while and for me he was even better than Rami's performance at Bohemian Rhapsody. Mahershala deserve the Oscar that he will win for that strong expressions and emotions although he and Viggo had some entertaining master acting scenes comedy and drama.
In the end, one of all time favorite films and don't miss a chance to see that film 8.5/10

Really enjoyed this film, worth a watch & great chemistry on screen by the Ali & Mort. Nice story, simple but clean and moving.

I an not one to use the word "heartwarming" to describe a film I like. A rare film that goes for the heart and succeeds. There are some genuinely laugh out loud moments, the cast are superb and a cracking yarn. A 9 instead of a 10 because the piano playing isn't quite as good as the real thing - listen to the records.

Diane and I watched this brilliant movie yesterday, and we were both extremely impressed by the sympathetic writing of the, what could be an explosive script. Any film that attempts to travel the extremely volatile paths of this movie is bound to make viewers hugely nervous, and it did, at least for me.
The pre-desegregationist Deep South might be unfamiliar to many viewers, but the film dealt with the realities of being a Black Person in that awful area with sensitivity and understanding; we admired the scriptwriter's ability to do so. The penultimate scenes were particularly good with their dealing of this point; the pianist faced his worse moment when he was forced to dress in the broom closet before the performance even though he was a world-class performer.
Every performer connected with this film is of award-winning stature. See this movie, or you will miss out on a superb piece of contemporary film-art.

In this biography, comedy, drama film directed by Peter Farrelly (There's Something About Mary, Dumb and Dumber) and written by Nick Vallelonga (Vigilante Diaries, I Am Wrath), Brian Hayes Currie (Armageddon, Con Air) and Peter Farrelly, Viggo Mortenson (The Lord of the Rings, A History of Violence) and Mahershala Ali (Moonlight, Hidden Figures) star as Tony Lip and Dr. Don Shirley, a musical virtuoso.On an enforced leave of absence from his normal job as a tough bouncer at the Copacabana Club, Tony Lip needs to find gameful employment and, after some reservations which includes leaving his wife Dolores (Linda Cardellini: Brokeback Mountain, TVs ER), agrees to accompany the American classical pianist on his concert tour of the Deep South states using The Negro Motorist Green Book for places to stay due to racial segregation.The erudite but snobbish Dr. Shirley clashes with the crude yet practical Tony, their ideals and attitudes to life are at odds but as they travel they come to see the value in and respect for each others' talents.Inspired by true events, this is a powerful story about friendship that transcends barriers and shows us what it means to be truly human. Teaching us to put aside what others tell you, what you are told to believe and really see a person through their actions, words and thoughts. Difference should not be an issue and in this world that is more divided than ever (e.g. Brexit), we can all learn a lot through the honest friendship of these two men. The world should not have needed a green book, but I am hopeful that this film can teach us to not need anything like it again.The acting was superb and solid scriptwriting, the film has so many layers I feel like I could watch it again and again.You can tell that the film is based on a real friendship as it never feels contrived and the viewer goes on their journey with them. It truly shows you that friendship should transcend who or what you think or others think you are and the nuanced and poignant performances given by Ali and Mortenson show us that despite social complications, every human wants and needs the same thing, love and acceptance.The cinema was almost full and at the end of the film, some of the audience broke out into spontaneous clapping. I have never understood that as the writer, director or actors are not there, but I get that people wanted to show their appreciation for how good they thought the film was in some tangible way.I have been to see The Favourite, Stan and Ollie and Bohemian Rhapsody as well as Green Book this year and I think Green Book is the best movie in this group and deserves to win an Oscar the most.
