
Let me preface this by saying I am a huge James Cameron fan. I think "Terminator" is a masterpiece of sci-fi and the single best edited film of all time, "Aliens" is easily the best sequel not from the original director and I personally like it a lot more than the original. "Abyss" created an interesting world and was racked with tension, "Terminator 2" is an action tour-de-force and has what I believe the best sound editing/design of all time, "True Lies" is goofy fun, more poignant than most give it credit for with a boffo ending, and finally "Titanic" was far better than anyone expected it to be and has one of the most believable romances in a movie.So then there was the 12 year wait for "Avatar". No reviews, word of mouth, ticket price or natural disaster would keep me from the midnight IMAX 3D screening. I went with moderate expectations, which the film matched exactly. While this kept me from being disappointed it wasn't a good thing.Movie fans were on edge because if "Avatar" flops, it'll mean the death of creativity in a remake-happy Hollywood. That's a valid concern but the problem is nothing in "Avatar" is creative whatsoever. It is literally "Dances with Wolves" in space, right down to having a "Wind in his Hair" character as a foil to the "new guy".As the movie progressed it caused the worst of all bad reactions for me as a viewer - I started thinking about other things. Then I kept thinking "well the end battle is supposed to be awesome".SPOILER WARNING! (if for some reason you can't guess how this movie ends) End battle comes and the movie switches from being "Dances with Wolves" to Disney's "Atlantis" (but that's unfair since both of those movies contained far, FAR better musical scores) Gunship windows that were impervious to arrows a few scenes ago (to show Na'vi desperation) suddenly become brittle and break easily (to show Na'vi heroism). The battle isn't nearly as long as you'd expect, and nowhere near as epic / engaging as the finale of Return of the King. Finally there's a Robo-suit vs Navi fight and it is admittedly pretty good. Unlike 95% of directors these days Cameron knows enough to pull the camera back and let us SEE the fight. However it's an odd choice to spend millions on 10 foot tall "creatures" and then rarely even have them in the same frame as humans.And of course there's the obligatory scene where characters are dying in slow motion as Middle Eastern vocal music plays (see Gladiator or Munich) Wouldn't have been so bad if I hadn't said to my friend on the way there "How much you wanna bet there's a part where characters die in slow motion over Middle Eastern music?"As with most movies these days "Avatar" is far too long, glossing over important details (why is Earth dying, what does Unobtainium do, etc) and instead spending time on flight scenes, mystic ceremonies, spirit trees and nature bonding.Ultimately I just did not care. Since the dawn of cinema Hollywood recycles old ideas every few decades and slaps on a bigger budget / new stars / better effects so you won't notice. I can see re-doing "Ben Hur" with color and sound, but why do we need "Dances with Wolves" with 20 times the budget and blue Native Americans? No amount of impressive visuals, robo-suits, gunship battles, perfect character CGI or Sigorney Weaver can change the fact that I've seen this movie 100 times before. I could even accept the weak story if there were any characters to give a rat's ass about. This film is also dreadfully humorless, a stark contrast to "Titanic" where humor was one of its many surprises.Regarding 3D... I've seen many films in it now and honestly you don't even notice after the few minutes. It doesn't make the money any better or worse, just more expensive.Citizen Kane, The Robe, Sound of Music, Jaws, Star Wars, Batman, Toy Story, The Matrix... these movies changed movies. We can say that looking back now. "Avatar" saying it would ahead of time is pure hubris, "unsinkable Titanic"-like poppycock.But if expensive motion-capture being used to cover up a weak, generic story is the future of cinema then count me out, I'll stick with my PS3.

I had the rather intense privilege to view James Cameron's much anticipated $400 million budget return to the directing scene, Avatar, at the Empire Leicester Square in London.Where to begin! The visuals in this pieces was groundbreaking. He did it with the Terminator series and then Titanic, so one would expect Cameron to deliver... and HE DID! The visual are by far some of the sharpest CGI I have seen. You could almost say that there is a disquiet that follows Cameron's soul, as there is no other possibility of this strong and intensified quality. Its production design and visual effects are both noteworthy and it will get its praise upon official release.What it was lacking that really should have shaped the movie is its character/story. I was expecting a complex and believable plot, but was left with a movie with mostly strong visuals. What most sci-fi lovers desire is mind-bending philosophies, fantasy and exploration and limitations of our or outer species. If it was not for this factor, I would give this a 9.5 vote.Avatar will be a success, not only because of Cameron's legacy, but by very intelligent and viral marketing. Avatar have had a powerful marketing technique that assembles other successful blockbusters, such as The Blair Witch project (you all remember it), The Dark Knight (Joker invades the world) and also, the current production The Artifice (the-artifice.com) that is intelligently targeting the market.Kudos to Cameron, Avatar is one of the (if not The) movie of the year. I could get in trouble for sharing this with you guys so early, so please click Yes on "Was the above comment useful to you?" as a thank you. ;)

Well, I just saw Avatar this morning, one of the press premieres which are running on these days. My opinion: you've seen this story a hundred times, but never like this. Finally 3D is what it's supposed to be, an instrument at the service of the movie. You'll enjoy the visual experience, no doubt.As for the story, some of the "inspirations" are so huge and so obvious that mentioning two or three of them would REALLY ruin the movie for you, and I'm not willing to do that. Lots of mysticism and ecology, if you like that stuff. If you're 15 or so, you'll have a great time thinking that it's the first time somebody makes something like this. If you're an experienced movie watcher, better leave your skepticism at the door, bring lots of pop corn and enjoy with the usual action-flick-with-moral-and-loads-of-clichés.I liked it, however: "the movie that re-invents movies"??? No way.

First of all, let me get it out of the way: yes, Avatar is visually stunning. With better scenario and dialogs, it could have been a very good movie; alas, it was completely predictable, and fancy special effects alone do not make a good movie.Let's start with the picture. As I said before, the special effects and computer animation are really good; the textures feel very real, and the degrees of liberty that CGI animation allows in terms of camera angles and movement is well used for dramatic effects. The luxurious vegetation of the forest and the CGI-animated wild animals are a treat to the eyes. In terms of artwork, there is a definite influence from Nausicaa (the forest-world, the spores) and Starcraft (the vessels, the goliaths). I saw the movie in an IMAX movie with 3D glasses, but I am not convinced that they used the full potential of it - quite honestly, the Haribo commercial before the movie made a better use of it. I find it more strenuous to watch a movie with the 3D-glasses - some details are blurry, and it feels likewise when the camera makes swift lateral movements.Now, the scenario - the movie disappoints in that area. The plot is very Manichean, and it feels like a remake of Pocahontas, interspersed with elements from / tributes to Star Wars (Pandora and the Na'vi look like Endor and the Ewoks respectively), Nausicaa (the forest as an entity, the destructive impact of civilization on nature, the spores in the forest), Starcraft (Colonel Quarritch and Dr Augustine bear some resemblance with Arcturus Mensk and Sarah Kerrigan), Matrix (the concept of controlling another image of self), and maybe even Independence Day (the pilot fighter suicide) and the Lion King (the father's death, "go, and never come back!", ... am I going to far here?). But I can honestly say that I haven't been surprised at any point in the movie. You know from the beginning that he will be accepted by the Na'vi, that he will fall in love, that he will defect, that he will ultimately prevail after suffering some heavy casualties, and that he will find a way to permanently transfer his mind into the body of his avatar.It would have been interesting if the movie had dealt in more depth with the issues related to transferring one's mind into another body for instance, maybe a la Twelve Monkeys Army, where the "hero" is clearly deeply affected by experiences that the mind is not used to deal with (time travel in that case, but it is not that different from what we have here). Likewise, the love interest of our hero seems very indifferent to the fact that he really is a human remotely controlling a human - Na'vi bastard. I was expecting someone (him, her, or even one of the other humans in the scientific group) to show at least some kind of surprise / doubt when these feelings emerge. I was expecting more complexity in the social interactions of the characters, and their personality.I also take issues with some big stereotypes: corporations and the white men are greedy, indigenous people are pure, brave, and connected to the earth, but dumb - thankfully there is a human to teach them how to fight those who come from the sky. To some extent, the movie feels like a remake of the colonization of the Americas; just replace the Na'vis by native Americans, the aircrafts by ships, and modern weapons by muskets, and you have it. Except of course the colonization of the Americas did not have such a happy ending for the native tribes.On the whole, the movie is beautiful, but it feels like the main goal was to showcase fancy special effects. The movie would have benefited from more detailed characters, and a less linear and predictable plot. My rating is 6/10.

I was lucky to see Avatar at a pre-screening a few hours ago. It completely blew me and the whole room away and i dare to say it will do so to 80% of any audience anywhere. The remaining 20%, who always finds something to complain about, will whine about character development, dialog, story or the pop-corn.Well, let me tell you: they went to this movie with the wrong expectations.You have most likely met Cameron's previous work(s): Aliens, Terminator 1 & 2, The Abyss, Titanic (!), just to name a few.So WHAT should you expect from Avatar??? MORE of the same!!! More of revolutionary film-making, more of grandiose new ideas, more of never-before-seen special effects, more of 150 minutes without relapsing, more of the James Cameron genius...I am very happy that the trailers didn't give the full story away. Lots of emotions are waiting for the viewer, laughter and tears also. Cameron was very smart keeping the teasers as teasers, nothing more... as the full movie will take your breath away.You will practically not notice that you are watching a non-existing world, it is sooo real. Attention to detail is superb. You computer geeks will know what I am talking about. This move was not rushed in the making. No wonder it could not have been done before - not having the proper computing power.The wild life, the jungle, the animals, the Na'vi-s, or the dragon-like flying creatures are all so life-like, they almost pop-off the screen (and in 3D they actually do :) .The sound effects were so well done, that when I saw at the credits that Skywalker Sound was behind it, i could only think of "yessss... now THAT makes sense."Cameron is a visionaire - and again, he delivers, with full blast.A certain character says in the movie that Pandora (the planet where the story takes place) became his real world. My advice to you: let Pandora become YOUR real world for two and a half hours, let it make you completely forget about your life and problems, let it entertain you, move you, let it carry you away.Because THAT is what i expect as an exchange for my ticket.And a few hours ago i got tens of tickets worth of that.

I saw this epic last night at the Empire Leicester Sq in London, which is a superb venue in which to view this film. Huge screen, excellent sound and an extraordinary Dolby, 3 dimensional image. The whole effect is mind blowing.This is a 'Must see' movie, innovative, and extraordinary. I think it will be regarded by most cinema goers as another milestone in the history of the art. The level of realism achieved is remarkable, and although the film is relatively long in real time, it retains it's excitement and holds the audience's attention to the end.Performances are good, but this is not the sort of film that dwells on big star value for the actors, although Sigorney Weaver does shine and delivers a very convincing performance, as do the rest of the cast. But as there is so much entertainment and action value on screen the human element does not dominate in the usual way.As Writer/Director, James Cameron deserves high praise for this creation and in my opinion it will break box office records. I thoroughly enjoyed this film.

Nobody directs like James Cameron. Ten years in the works, and every minute was worth it. It is the Star Wars of the 21st century. Though the plot is derivative and bears some pretty close resemblance to Dances with Wolves and a little bit of The Last Samurai, it does not ruin a mind-blowing experience. Avatar has a great future ahead of it and, possibly another Oscar for the mighty James Cameron. Jake Sully, is an ex-marine, bound to a wheel chair. He seeks to make a fresh start on the moon Pandora where his brother worked. The moon has a military run mining colony. The business has brought humans into contact with the local natives, tall blue dudes, called Na'vi. The Na'vi inhabit a part of the moon under which lies a large deposit of valuable minerals, and the humans are trying to get them to relocate. Colonel Quarich who runs the operation, ask Sully to go under cover as a Na'vi, to learn the secrets, to give the humans an advantage. If successful, Sully will get his legs back. The magic of future science and 3-D effects give Sully a handsome genetically engineered Avatar body, and he embarks on his mission. Once on the inside however, his loyalties to the humans start to turn when his heart gets lost to the Na'vi princess Neytiri. Is he willing to fight on the blue side now?The landscape of Pandora is the most creative and inventive of the decade. There are creatures that you might find in your wildest dreams or your worst nightmares. There is flora and fauna that shine with the bioluminescence of a thousand deep sea critters, and also trees which dwarf the Empire State Building.I guess the only noticeable problem with Avatar, is a lack of original story. What you see on the screen will blow you away, but all the tough critics, may come down a bit on the fact that despite being the latest in film technology, Cameron uses a very old archetypal formula, perhaps just a bit too schematic. There are a few badly scripted segments of dialogue, but nothing that makes you wanna blow raspberries at the screen.What is most important is the fact that Cameron's story gets the viewer involved and offers a handful of memorable and likable characters to root for, and some to root against. This is the post- modern era, and originality is rare, but if there is any technical progress to be made in the world of movies and entertainment, there is one name that dwarfs all JAMES CAMERON, and after ten years hiding from the Hollywood mainstream, he is back.

I have never been so close to leave the movie theater, as i was when seeing Avatar. Sure, it's very beautiful to look at, but, if you've seen the trailer, then you've seen the movie! It's basically every movie clichés put together in one horrible and so unoriginal movie. it's a mix of the "last samurai" meets "Pocahontas" meets "Atlantis"! it's by far the most horrible storyline since Ed Woods' "plan 9 from outer space".Not once are you surprised by the turn of events in this movie, and there's so many bad movie clichés in it, and so many things that just doesn't make any sense at all (even in their universe). for example, the last fight scene with the giant robot and the Avatar. It really doesn't make any sense at all, that the robot is carrying a 8-foot-1 hunting knife, just in case he loses his gun (which could easily have been attach to the robot!), and that the robot tells the avatar, what he's about to do, instead of just doing it (A good example of a bad cliché).If you want to see this movie, i recommend you either see the trailer ( as that is enough for you, to litterily, call every scene in the movie) or you go out and buy Atlantis and just Imagine it with smurfs instead of underwater people.

At the risk of repeating what countless others have said, this movie is blatant plagiarism. If a film student submitted the Avatar screenplay to an instructor, he/she would have been given an F. Colleges expel students for less obvious ripoffs than this. If you've watched Pocahontas or Dances With Wolves, you know the drill. The only difference is the ending, which has the pretty blue humanoids escorting humans to their Earth-bound ships at gunpoint, which I freely admit is a rather neat sight since my ancestors were American Indian, Irish, and Scot. As a result, I am perhaps overly sensitive to the plight of a civilization driven from their homeland and/or oppressed by a conquering nation - er, planet.However, originality is not James Cameron's strong suit, so my disappointment is directed more at WETA. Yes, my beloved WETA, who impressed me throughout the years but completely stole my heart after the masterful rendering of all things Tolkien in the Lord of the Rings Trilogy. I had two reasons for seeing this film. One was a 13-year-old boy, the other was my anticipation over what wonders WETA would lay at my feet.Now, had the budget not been nearly half a billion dollars, I'd have understood the cartoonish creations, but as it stands there's no good reason for the results. Viewers are praising this film as revolutionary. I call "horsesh!t". This was nowhere near the caliber of WETA's LOTR work, their King Kong work, or their X-Men work. In fact, it wasn't even up to snuff with their Narnia production. The quantity of work was greater, not the quality.I've never reviewed a film in my life. I actually registered here for the sole purpose of expressing my resentment at having wasted $20 bucks and 3 hours on such nonsense. Booooooo.

I realize I am probably going to get flames galore for this comment, and you all have the right to your opinion about my opinion, but hey, I'm entitled to my opinion too. Avatar is grade A crap. That's right, it's crap. I say this for one simple reason: Without the special effects this movie would never, ever captivate and take a hold of audiences like it has in the past week. Ask yourself this one question: If it didn't have the effects, the Navi plugging their hair into the trees like it's a damn broadband jack, mech suits(just like the ones in Matrix Revolutions) and barely futuristic ospreys, would you care about this movie at all? It's a truism when they say this movie is nothing more than Dances with Wolves in space. Some people may argue back that Star Wars borrowed from Hidden fortress, but at least it had enough compelling plot points to make it look different, such as I don't know... the force? The Death Star? Outer space? A location that has NOTHING at all to do with Earth? This important set of points clearly differentiates Star Wars and Hidden Fortress. But The difference between Avatar and Dances with wolves is... CGI. This CGI may be pretty but it cannot ever substitute for story and plot development. Speaking of, the characters save but a few are either very bland or stereotypes. The worst part is the story and the movie gives us no reason to care about the characters. You know what? I'll go one step further and say that the only difference between Avatar and a Star Wars prequel is this: Avatar has an environmental story that we can relate to. That's it. True, the action scenes in Avatar are well done, but hell, the action scenes in the Star Wars prequels were also arguably well-done. Still, there's that nagging lack of story development. Avatar is a huge let-down and doesn't belong on the best-of list of anybody with common sense.

Forgive me, I'm going to jump from professional to fan boy for a while here. I haven't had the jitters after a film the way I've had for Avatar in quite sometime. James Cameron's Avatar is the most entertaining and enthralling cinematic experiences of my life. It is incredible, simply put. What Cameron has done here is the most passionate film project put out since Steven Spielberg released Schindler's List. His attention to detail and his zeal for pushing the envelope is so admirable to any filmmaker or actor who will ever do another film from this point on.Avatar is the story of Jake Sully, a paraplegic marine, who replaces his brother on a secret mission to infiltrate the Na' vi, the colony of beings that sit on the planet of Pandora, where there is a precious ore, that sells at a ridiculous amount. When Jake learns the ways of the Na' vi, his feelings and learnings will put him and the people he trusts in dangerous jeopardy.The performances here, in the sense of reacting, becoming, and understanding what Cameron has written are astounding. Not to be confused with a sensational bravura performance from some of the centuries best such as Marion Brando, Tom Hanks, or Diane Keaton; these actors along with the director inhabit these visual transformations with special effects as if they are have lived these beings all their lives. This is all based on character movements and reactions. Sam Worthington, as Jake Sully, is an actor who's on his way to becoming a star. Though he has problems with his Aussie accent often enough in the film, he gets the job done. Zoe Saldana, who plays Neytiri, a Na' vi huntress, is thrilling and electrifying. Stephen Lang, as the rock hard Colonel Miles, takes on a villainous turn to a new level in science fiction. He offers actual emotion and emotes evil to the audience and gains our hatred easily. Sigourney Weaver as the beautiful Dr. Grace, is sufficient enough to have on screen again teamed with Cameron. She lives inside her role with effortless ease, but suffers from some of the typical James Cameron cheesy lines.Narratively the film works perfectly on the cinematic level. The first forty minutes or so require patience and hope as it is the weakest part of the film and offers some dreariness, but when the second act takes off, it's sky high with no limits for James Cameron. Avatar delivers the best action sequences put on film of all time. That is the boldest statement I have ever made in all my years of criticism. I sat on this for two days before charging it out, but I mean it. It is the best visual experience of my life, period.Other than those visuals, the film pops with all the other technical aspects thrown into one. Art Direction is killer as the two worlds blend in perfectly for an acceptable time. The Film Editing is the crowning achievement of the film as it also offers the perfect blend of the two worlds, enticing the viewer and shifting us around. Mauro Fiore is the threat for a Cinematography Oscar this year. It was if the viewer sat down in a chair, put on glasses, and was literally placed on Pandora, spaceships, and floating mountains. The viewer can feel so engulfed by the imagery, you feel like you can smell the leaves from the trees. Avatar is utterly hypnotizing. James Horner's score is some of the best work done in his career. It offers a variable of devastation that moves the viewer to near tears. It goes back to his work on Titanic, where the musical instruments lifted the material immensely. The entire sound team is also locked and loaded for Oscar recognition as the feeling of animals, machines, and arrows buzzing by your head leave you imprisoned in Cameron's exquisite film.James Cameron has come back home ladies and gentlemen Cameron is back, bigger, badder, and mature in his crowning work of his career. Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Titanic do not even compare anymore. This is the film that can blend the fans of those two films together and lock Cameron into your heart. He's a definite spoiler for a directing bid for the Academy Awards. You have admire the raw, natural talent the man has. How could you ever conceive such an experience and put that much effort and work into it and have it pay off? The box office success will surely keep him in the minds of voters for various critics' awards. His screenplay, leaps and bounds better than 1997's Best Picture Winner, is primed, developed and ripe for the taking. Though, you do acquire the tacky and atypical dialogue you expect from a science fiction director of this caliber, you can appreciate the effort and the honesty of it all. James Cameron is everything Michael Bay wishes he was, to put it bluntly.Avatar will bring also great actors putting their best foot forward such as Giovanni Ribisi, who is as underrated as they come. Michelle Rodriguez who exudes sexy like any woman starring in a sci-fi epic. Joel Moore, showing his range outside of his comedic work in Dodgeball: An Underdog Story. And the classy veteran actors, CCH Pounder and Wes Studi, who just simply don't work enough.Avatar is one of the best films of the year. The most exciting, thrilling, and superb work you'll feast your eyes on in any theater this century. Cinema, forever, will remember the benchmark that James Cameron placed not only for himself, but for any man, daring to change the game, the way Cameron did. Avatar is a movie experience to be remembered, and please experience in a movie theater first.***½/****

A film with the scope of James Cameron's Avatar was always going to be a risk both artistically and financially, especially in today's economic climate. Whether it will pay off monetarily is a question only time can answer, but this viewer can at the very least attest to it being an artistic triumph.Avatar brings us as close as cinema ever has to actually visiting an alien world. The beautiful environs, the exotic creatures and incredibly lifelike natives of Pandora arrest the senses, visually, aurally and emotionally. The world in Avatar is the true star of the show. The amount of detail and work that has gone into bringing this new world alive is seriously impressive, and it will be a while before we see anything that overtakes it in scope and quality. WETA Workshop and ILM have truly outdone themselves.Relative newcomer, Aussie Sam Worthington provides a solid human heart amongst all the science-fiction/fantasy beauty and Zoe Saldana gives an impressive performance as the 8 foot tall Na'vi, Neytiri. Even though the characters they both play are blue, giant, catlike aliens, they managed to evoke a chemistry and likability that pierces through the special effects.That's not to say that everything is perfect. The story is basic and dare I say, clichéd and predictable. We have seen it plenty of times in all forms of media. The bad guys are cartoonishly evil, and sadly paper thin. The love story, while charming, is also clichéd despite being between man and alien. But in the face of these shortcomings, Avatar is a success because its storytelling lies in the brilliant visuals.Avatar is a beautiful piece of film and a true event. It does exactly what cinema was always intended to - it takes us away from our problems and worries for a few hours and gives us memorable images which will undoubtedly and deservedly enter into the cultural lexicon to stay for the foreseeable future.9.5/10

First I didn't want to go watch Avatar because when I heard Cameron took 3 weeks to write the plot I said to myself there is no hope for cinema anymore. And somehow people are showing me that I was right. I went to watch this piece of .... because I have been told it s unbelievable.Storywise, there is no story at all. It's the typical good vs bad scenario shaped out of cowboys against indians in space mixing it with a yogi everything connects us to the world impression plus a goddamn planet called Pandora and looks like f...in' paradise. Lot's of shiny colours and huge monsters who eat flesh are your best friends. Come on. You gotta be kidding me.Maybe I might be the only one here, cause all reviews I've seen got great score, but that is not what a movie is supposed to be. I was very unimpressed by the CGI and the artistic development because I might be used to computer games such as Final Fantasy series which has been the shaper of such incredible stories, only that these games have a very strong story to tell and and you feel totally involved.It impresses me that people give this such a high rating because of it's visuals. I mean it was clear that sooner or later a movie would appear with such incredible CGI. If it wouldn't have been Avatar another would have been the winner.I am sad that nowadays cinema is ail centered only about violence, good looks and a huge lack of brain.3 out of ten only for the cgi which I thought is not the center of a movie otherwise I would have rated it beneath 0.

It has been 12 years since Cameron unleashed the phenomenon that was Titanic and real fans would have to look as far back as 1991's Terminator 2 for their last proper dose of his incredibly epic action (True Lies, while fun, really doesn't count). So the anticipation for Avatar has long since reached fever pitch and beyond.Thankfully for the patient masses, Avatar has turned out to be the biggest and best event movie of the year, perhaps the decade. The story is pure Cameron simplicity – a paraplegic ex-marine is given a chance to walk again through the use of a unique alien body, called an Avatar. It is his job to gain the trust of the natives so that a greedy corporation can steal the precious metal from their lush moon. Jake's (Sam Worthington) crippled main character is the perfect point of contact for the audience – not only is he new to the visual delights of Pandora but his disability means that every moment in his Avatar body is one of glorious freedom from the confinement of his chair. When the Corporations intentions become more sinister, Jake must choose between his new found place with the natives and his own race and fight for what he believes in.Avatar combines parts of Pocahontas and Braveheart with a liberal dose of Space Marines into an epic whole that takes nearly three full hours to unfold. We could criticise that length, the weak story and the hammy dialogue. We could attack its thinly-veiled ecological message or the frankly bizarre spirituality in its second half but honestly nothing can spoil the experience while you are enveloped in it. And a large part of that is down to the brilliant use of 3D – which is both subtle and incredibly effective. Til now, we have been making movies with 3D elements, Avatar is the first truly 3D film and might well prove to be one of the most significant things to happen to blockbuster film-making since Star Wars.Cameron is also pushing the envelope with truly photo-real CG – something which has been promised for years but has finally been delivered with Avatar. The interactions of the characters with the environment is incredible and the detail on the faces of the motion-captured leads (Worthington and Star Trek's Zoe Saldana) bring them to life. You will believe totally in their performances, representing another quantum leap in tools which have rarely been used for anything other than spectacle.Make no mistake, Avatar is an important film from a technical standpoint but it is also great entertainment. The world of Pandora is a stunning spectacle from scene to scene and as Jake learns more about the Na'vi the film approaches the kind of light hearted adventure story which has been absent from movie theatres for years. Then the final act explodes into tragedy and desperate action, with the final half hour a blistering life or death struggle that has to be seen to be disbelieved.Over the coming days you will be hearing a lot about Avatar, and some of the critical reaction is bound to focus on its weaknesses in a bid to appear appropriately reserved and objective. But this is not a film to be dissected or examined, rather one to be experienced with a warm crowd, a great sound system, in 3D as you bask in the knowledge that the movie-making master is back!

I actually enjoyed this quite a bit, but I am giving it a 1, because I cannot believe that it deserves an 8.8, which is what it is getting this evening, mostly apparently due to suspicious ratings from countries like Slovakia, India and Australia. Not that I have anything against those countries, it just strikes me as odd that so few good reviews are coming from the United States. I'm not saying that IMDb's ratings are being manipulated by some sort of conspiracy, I am just saying it is odd. Anyways, rather than try and balance my review with what was good (the visuals, the 3D, the sound effects), am just going to say what really sucked. Can I say "sucked" in my review? Guess I will find out.1. "Unobtainium." Really, "unobtainium?" Was this a kid's cartoon? 2. Sigourney Weaver's confused and cartoonish scientist character. She's tough, she smokes, she has a heart of gold, and her Avatar dresses like Dora the Explorer. Also, why try and make her look twenty years younger than she is? I can't tell if they used CGI, Botox, or a ton of make-up, but she looked like the female version of the Picture of Dorian Gray. What a waste of talent.3. Hundres of years in the future, they can create magical avatar clones and transmit brain signals to them, but they still use flimsy wheelchair thingies? 4. Less than a half dozen animals on Pandora, and all but the floating jellyfish are angry and violent. Really? No fish? No birdies? No toads, snails, foxes, puppy dogs, kitty cats, mosquitoes, or anything but those half dozen CGI creature types? Seems like Pandora was populated by a relatively cheap CGI outfit.5. The trees all communicate through synapses, and this is supposed to be ominous, yet this never turns into anything compelling. Did Jimmy Cameron get tired of his own idea? Or was it to hrd to animate something more interesting? 6. Almost half a billion dollars to make this?!?!?!?!? 7. "Unobtainium?" "Unobtainium?????" 8. Cartoony tough military guy who does not have a clue how to organize a military campaign.9. The Na'Vi speak broken English that somehow becomes perfect English on and off throughout the movie. And the Avatars speak perfect English in normal tone of voice, identical to their human voices, although their bone structure is completely non-human?!?!?!? 10. Unobtainium I could go on and on, but you get the picture. This was like an extremely expensive and pretty kiddie cartoon. What a waste, and absolutely NOT deserving of the rating it is getting here.

When movies are created, they are done so with intent. Different genres of film target specific audiences, a formula which has sustained Hollywood and it's industries since the beginning of the blockbuster movies. When a movie is created in a manner that sets in motion any given goal, said films success is pendant on whether or not that goal is reached. If a comedy creates laughter, or if a romance produces tears, then they are successes in their own right. So when a massively ambitious, seemingly impossible to create film aiming to usher in a new era manages to grab hold of it's audience and take them on an unprecedented cinematic roller coaster ride that delivers the goods every turn of the way, it can be considered successful. Avatar is that success.A work in progress that spanned a decade and a half, Avatar is more than just a film - it's an experience, an event. When James Cameron set out to make this movie back in the mid 90's, he realized that his ambitions were simply too far ahead of their time. His ideas could not be reached in a feasible manner, and due to this, he had to wait. Or create. Once informed that the image he held for this film was one that was out of grasp, he began working on the technology that would bring his masterpiece within reach. Fifteen years and nearly half a billion dollars later, James Cameron has brought that vision to the screen, and has done so in an extravagant and showstopping way.Avatar tells the tale of a war between species, each fighting for the ultimate survival of their race. Desperate to find the fuel for their dying planet, human soldiers and scientists set out from earth and set course for Pandora. A planet connected by all living things, Pandora is home to an indigenous species known as the Na'vi, as well as the precious element Unobtanium needed to save earth. Using transference technology, paralyzed marine Jake Sully is volunteered for the "Avatar Program", which enables the thoughts and mind of a human to be placed within the shell of a tube-born Na'vi body. Using this as technique to their advantage, Jake is sent into the harsh Jungles of Pandora in order to bond with the natives, thus gaining knowledge and insight on their ways. Having originally planned to use this knowledge as a means of negotiating the natives relocation, so that the humans can access the deposit of Unobtainium - which just happens to sit below their most worshiped and valued pseudo-deity of their planet.While the plot on paper may read as a standard shoot'em-up action sci-fi flick, it is a near inconceivable task to truly explain how incorrect this appearance truly is. This takes a stroke from every movie, and a dab from every genre, and manages to create a portrait of beauty, in which all pre-existing notion of what cinema can and cannot do is destroyed. Within the lengthy hundred and sixty some odd minutes of film, moviegoers will find that there is always something to keep them enthralled, a merciful gift when considering how tedious many of the longer film of recent memory can become.No matter what can be said about the overtly cheesy script,a criticism that, while holding true, manages to fit charmingly into the over-the-top nature of the film, Avatar does as it set out to do, bringing moviegoers a cinematic experience rather than a film. Relying on the technology that he created, Cameron pours his heart into this movie, and it shows in every scene. Ranging from the absurdly detailed creatures to all-too-realistic planet, this flick manages to tell a fulfilling story while all the while throwing jaw-dropping scenery at the audience, giving them only enough time to recover before bombarding them with yet another breathtaking shot.Be it the fantastical and charming love story told between the native and the outsider, or the too-real-to-be-true action scenes between gunships and foreign ferals, Avatar is what Star Wars was too the 70's, the Wizard Of Oz of the 40's - a masterpiece that will go down in movie history as a game changer of it's time.4 Stars out of 4 Stars

"Ok, I get it." That's a phrase I found myself saying an awful lot during this 2 1/2 hour computer game that was as painful to the brain as it was to the eyes.First, let's get the obvious out of the way. This film was expensive, in that it cost so much money to make you could solve at least one state's budget crisis with it. So why did it look like it was nearly all conceived on a computer? Not since the "Star Wars" prequels has the "fourth wall" ever been so demolished. Never once did I care about the characters or believe anything the actors tried to do because I knew it was completely artificial. Hell, people still complain about "Waterworld" being overpriced but at least people actually got off their duffs and did some real film shooting! This whole project stinks of imported bottled water and soy lattes. This film is the pinnacle of Hollywood overkill. An overblown, overpriced, overindulgent eyesore of a movie with a "message." Oh yes, the message. Underneath watching the latest in nerd fantasy-fulfillment with its CGI, is a liberal-minded jackhammer drilling into your psyche about the evil of American corporatism, military culture, and rich white men's greed. The noble intent of getting its audience to care about the environment is done in the LSD-esquire rainbow cornucopia of every Native American and African stereotype imaginable, all set to an "oweyo oweyo" New Age chorus that makes one actually pine for the sweet sound of the Jonas Brothers. I say this as a die-hard independent who has as much to say about environmental awareness as anyone with a college education, but the caricatures painted here border on MSNBC-levels of leftist philosophy. The bad guys are the Republican racist military and corporate oppressors, who refer to our heroes as "tree huggers" and the alien Navi as "savages," and see their violence against them as "fighting terror with terror." I'm not kidding, they actually use soundbites from the last decade as part of the script. One character actually refers to the military attacks as "shock and awe." If you don't want to heave from the vertigo-inducing sweep of the completely sterile computer-created world of Pandora, the dialog will surely get you to bending over the toilet cursing the day you ever thought this was worth even half its price tag.See, there was a movie made very recently that dealt with valid socio-political issues that was full of interesting characters and top-notch CGI at a fraction of "Avatar's" cost. It was called "District 9" and if you haven't seen it, do so and then come tell me what you thought of "Avatar." Because the former film was able to show the evils of racism without painting its characters as one-dimensional caricatures. It showed that greed knew no color boundaries, and that you can combine action with a message and not be beaten over the head with it.I would advise people to avoid this film, however I know that is next to impossible. This has become the new "Titanic," where seeing it is not only an option, but a requirement with some groups of people. I like to refer to those people as "STUPID."

Avatar is a movie about two races, usually covering both the human and another race on another planet. Its simply outstanding, it has a plot, it has a structure, it has effects that are done so excellently, you'd definitely imagine yourself in the movie. Learning how to talk, learning how to feel nature, learning how to fly and heroic love, all of these are all present.Loved it, loved it, simply loved it.The cast is simply mixed but appropriate. The lady from aliens plus some new talents add to the already excellent finished product.The musical score is simply beholding. You get into the music and it rocks the whole time you are in the theater.Overall, and for all of the above facts, I give it a 10 vote!

I am sure my comment will be lost in a sea of blue but anyways here goes...Just attended the Advanced Screening at my local "Event Cinema" BCC in 3DNow this movies graphics are gorgeous, everything is so real, the 3D just adds to the effect beautifully without distracting you.From a technical standpoint this movie is amazing, just the detail on the Navi's faces are amazing, they feel more real then their real life counterparts!Without giving anything away about the story, the plot itself is very solid, very character driven and perfectly executed by Jim, safe to say this is his best original story since "The Terminator" and "Terminator 2" and is definitely one of his best movies, so good it ties with T2 which is my most favorite movie of all time...So for those of you who have not seen this yet... WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!5/5

I simply cannot believe how over-zealous the users of this site are. Actually i can. It was exactly the same for There Will be Blood and every other hyped film there has been recently. Some of the adjectives used to describe Avatar beggar belief: 'The Best Movie of All Time' 'A Masterpiece' 'Mesmorising, Spellbinding, Extraordinary!'. I really do wish i could agree. I was looking forward to this as much as most and i'm a huge fan of Cameron's previous work. Avatar, however, is a massive disappointment, and i'm convinced once the hype surrounding the technology and CGI dies down people will realise that. It really is a reflection of the times that people can be so suckered in by fancy visuals and things blowing up. Please, for a moment, look at the merits of this film, CGI aside, and you'll see that they are pretty much on par with a hundred previous sci-fi b-movies/TV-series. The story is completely derivative, the action unrealistic, the dialogue.....oh God, don't get me started. James Cameron has obviously been spending far too much time with George Lucas. The dialogue is atrocious and painfully clichéd. There is no convincing character development at all. I can barely remember any of their names let alone have any sort of affinity with them. Sam Worthington is a waste of space. I don't know what this Hollywood fixation is with him, but he was terrible in Terminator Salvation and he is terrible in this. The cartoon, morally-vacant human 'baddies' are an insult to intelligence and unbelievable at every turn. The entire plot is 100% predictable. Of course we knew the humans weren't go to win. Of course not. Not with their space-travelling, cryo-genetic-using, high-tech weaponary-toting mentality. They didn't understand the forest, man. Please. This is almost as laughable as Return of the Jedi. And the lame efforts to instill some sort of sentimentality and moral message through the use of poorly-written pseudo-spiritual crap just made me cringe. I wasn't even that impressed with the character design. Cameron has basically taken Native American Indians and Antipodean Aborigines and turned them blue. They have similar attire, ride 'horses', shoot arrows etc etc. It was just all too familiar.Avatar may well be a technological breakthrough, and i look forward to others who take the technology on and remember to actually pair it with an original and compelling story, but for now though, this film is a bulging case of style over substance if ever there has been one.I miss Aliens. Now that was a convincing movie.4/10

I heard that this film was going to be the benchmark in modern film making. I heard this film was to be the largest grossing film of all time, and perhaps even the most captivating. As a film lover I could not miss it, and to make sure I didn't miss out on everything James Cameron had to offer me, I saw it in the largest iMax cinema in England, in 3d. Keep in mind, I am now writing this review a week or so after seeing it so as to let my initial reactions subside and compose and sensible, rational and correct report on what I experienced, and yet my first words are still WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!Let me try and address this in an ordered fashion.Plot: Terrible, shameful and embarrassing. Not only to mention that it was almost an exact copy of Pocahontas (literally), it just wasn't at all interesting. You knew from the outset exactly how the film was going to end, it was cliché, boring and hamfisted from beginning to end. Anyone who can honestly say that the plot was captivating must be drunk, an idiot, or joking. Also, I know people go on about this, but seriously, UNOBTANIUM??? I understand trying to make a commentary on our endeavours as mankind, but calling the object unobtanium reduces the intellectual level to Sesame Street. Also, the fact that the Na'vi who could speak English went from relatively stunted English to perfect English and back again through out the film bothered me more than a little. And when the natives win that one battle, the humans, who desperately want this 'unobtanium' as it will make them all mindboggingly rich, and can afford to pay for whole armies to try and get it, give up? They just aren't going to come back? That's ridiculous, they'd nuke the place.Characters / Characterisation: Uni-dimensional to the end. No depth whatsoever. Prime example of this is the military captain who is, in all senses, a cartoon stereotype military captain, there was no reason or rhyme behind his actions apart from the fact that he is a military captain. The self-interested capitalist, who in the end was nothing more than a self-interested capitalist? No! Surely not! And the hero, who, from beginning to end, portrays no real traits that give him away to be anything other than a complete hero. Wow. I'm so impressed.Acting: No one captivated me. No one stood out. Even Sigourney Weaver, an actress who I usually hold in quite high esteem, was pretty poor. I blame Cameron.Special Effects: Yes. They were impressive. This is where my 1 star comes from. But, forgive me for being a bit of a traditionalist, but I think in any film no more than 1 star should ever be entirely devoted to special effects. That being said, they were impressive, they weren't biblical. It's not like I walked out of the cinema unable to speak from awe. Furthermore, aside from the technical quality of the special effects, the world itself was not that inventive, intelligently designed or beautiful. They were essentially in a jungle with a few animals that just looked like mutated versions of Earth animals. And some odd jellyfish type things. If you want truly beautiful films watch something like "Pan's Labyrinth" or "House of Flying Daggers", I'd say both of these have more impressive scenery than Avatar does. Directing:Uninventive. Nothing really new there. Impressive shots of scenery perhaps, but pretty much normal camera-work throughout. A very cheesy montage to show the hero and his woman getting closer and closer. A standard battle scene. No James Cameron, not impressive.The bottom line is this, I know and you know that if it wasn't for its 3D effects, and the fact that it had James Cameron's name attached to it, Avatar would probably have been straight to DVD. Some people have said that people don't like it because they don't understand Sci Fi. That's ridiculous. I love Sci Fi, it's my favourite genre. But compared with classics like Alien, or 2001, this was an affront. So shame on you James Cameron, for insulting our intelligence by thinking that nothing more than pretty lights are needed to make a good film. Though, in the end, I guess you were right, as most people seem to be inexplicably raving about it. Maybe all people want in a film are just pretty lights, and that's pretty sad to see.Poor, poor show.

I must admit I had my doubts about this movie when I saw it in previews a couple months ago. I really didn't know what to think of the movie then. I saw this movie twice, the first time in regular 2d and the second in 3d. I have to say I was simply astonished at the visuals in this movie. Some scenes do tend to "pop" out a little more than others, but I was simply transfixed and awestruck not only at the incredible look of the movie but of the storyline itself. This movie really makes one think about life and how we might not be the only ones in the universe. Science fiction usually brings about thoughts on this, but we do have the "Kepler probe" already out there looking for another habitable planet, that isn't science fiction but is a reality. This movie also brings up another incredible aspect humans have struggled with. Humor me and go along with me for a minute - If a hundred or so years from now the human race had actually found another habitable planet and there was a less-advanced civilization living on it. Could our race be civil and humanitarian on the ways we try to establish contact? Would establishing contact really be the best thing to do? This movie might also seem quite similar to the early colonizers coming overseas from Europe to North America. Where the humans symbolize the prospecting company and the natives symbolize the Navi. This movie really does have a lot more going for it than just stunning visuals. I myself think this movie is the best sci-fi yet. I might even be bold enough to say that this could be the new "Star Wars" of our generation.

"Avatar" is not the next "Star Wars" or "Lord of the Rings." It might be the next "Matrix," though. Or, perhaps more accurate, the next "Matrix Revolutions." It's technically groundbreaking craftmanship put to work on a story that was played out after "Return of the King." There are a lot of bad guys, a lot of good guys, and sooner or later they're all gonna meet on the battlefield. The little details are not-so-shockingly unimportant, since nothing could stop, change or even, really, comment on the unstoppable trajectory of this film's story.It's the future. An Evil Corporation is parked on distant planet Pandora, mining the planet of all its precious minerals. The native population, big blue humanoids called the "Na'vi," aren't too happy about this. The corporation has hired scientists to create avatars of Na'vi bodies to be controlled by human brains, in order to communicate to the Na'vi that...they better move, lest be bulldozed by the evil Col. Qautrich (Stephen Lang).Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is flown in to Pandora because his twin brother, who had an Avatar made specifically for him, is dead. The coincidence is an obvious plot device so that we can have a newcomer to Pandora to share in our amazement. Oh, and he's paralyzed, so running around in his new alien body is rather freeing for him.I don't feel as if I need to continue with the plot description. You know what'll happen. You've seen "Dances with Wolves" and "The Last Samurai." Heck, even "Dead Man." The Na'vi represent nature, the (all-American) corporation represents destructive technology. Quatrich has a Southern accent and says things like, "we have to fight terror with terror." The Na'vi are clones of Native Americans - filtered through the imagination of a white liberal. It's all very obvious.The question, of course, is whether or not it's entertaining. Well...sometimes. It certainly looks good. Some sequences - especially those with the winged beasts - are eye-popping. Lang makes a fun villain. Pandora is more derivative than original, it reminded me most of Skull Island in Peter Jackson's King Kong. All the monsters have a plastic-y look to them that make them feel too well-done. The 3D is distracting at times and I had a headache before the movie was over.But there are scenes and individual shots that pop with ethereal beauty. It's worth seeing for that reason, but I don't think it'll be as fun after multiple viewings. The great thing about "Star Wars" was the characters: Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, R2-D2, Darth Vader, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda and so on. They embodied the other-worldliness of the story, taking the weight off the effects.In thirty-two years, I don't think anyone will remember "Jake Sully." 6/10

My expectations going to see "Avatar" were low. I anticipated a special effects-driven, predictable action movie with little or no story. The visual effects are unquestionably impressive. The art design is beautiful, and the artistic concept for the terrain, flora and fauna of Pandora is consistent and appealing. The story is indeed predictable, at least superficially, sort of an extraterrestrial "Dances With Wolves" that may also serve as an allegory for the present-day US military and, especially, mercenary presence in the Middle East. But these things alone didn't make "Avatar" a box-office smash.Director James Cameron utilizes long-time collaborator Sigourney Weaver to give the cast a credible, old-school science fiction foundation. As ever, Weaver delivers a solid and believable performance as Dr. Grace Augustine, the hardened and pragmatic chain-smoking scientist in charge of the Avatar project. The counterpoint to Weaver's Grace is relative newcomer Sam Worthington's Jake Sully. Worthington is recognizable to science fiction fans as the protagonist of the most recent Terminator movie. Jake Sully is a marine, the antithesis of a scientist.With a damaged spine, Jake is confined to a wheelchair and can not afford corrective surgery. He agreed to come to Pandora with his twin brother, who was to participate in the Avatar project -- have his mind linked by machinery to a Pandora-indigenous humanoid body grown in a test tube and matched to his DNA. Jake's brother is killed before the film begins, and Jake agrees to takes his place (as they have identical DNA). Jake has really given up hope before the film begins. He can no longer be the only thing he has ever known or wanted to be: a marine.Jake has, however, taken a step outside his cynicism and ennui by making the decision to take his brother's place -- he has agreed to enter into the unknown. This is the first step in what is to become the journey that defines him and is the real story in the film.Humans are on Pandora to mine Unobtanium, a mineral concentrated underneath the home of the indigenous people, the Na'vi. The Avatar project was developed to allow humans to establish relationships with the Na'vi, breathing Pandoran air and looking like the Na'vi. It is hoped that the Na'vi will eventually agree to relocate in order to allow mining to begin. The corporate head of the mining project, portrayed effectively by Giovani Ribisi, is reminiscent of Paul Reiser's Carter Burke in Cameron's 1986 "Aliens" -- a wimpy minor bureaucrat bent on personal gain. He is assisted by the unscrupulous ex-Marine mercenary Colonel Miles Quaritch, given life by Stephen Lang.Jake becomes involved with Na'vi native Neytiri, wonderfully voiced by Zoe Saldana, whose work in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" films and "Star Trek" (2009) have already made her a familiar and respected actor. Neytiri is charged with teaching Jake the ways of the Na'vi, and Jake inevitably becomes enthralled with both Neytiri and the ways of the Na'vi, as he begins to understand the spiritual connection the Na'vi have with Pandora. This leads to war between the humans and the Na'vi, with Jake caught in the middle, ultimately choosing the Na'vi side.I had fully expected all of this going into the theater. What I had not expected was finding my heart in my throat more than once, and feeling exhilarated most of the film's very quick 162 minutes. I was more than entertained by "Avatar." I was moved.Cameron masterfully uses stunning visual effects and incredible music as devices to achieve this effect on the viewer, but by themselves, these ingredients (although perhaps necessary) are not sufficient. What moved me was the transformation of Jake Sully.Jake's decision to go Pandora is his first step toward becoming something more than he was (his openness to possibility is a step toward hope). He embraces the Na'vi training and is determined to prove himself -- another step (courage, determination, and willingness to become part of something larger than himself, which is a definition of spirituality). He admits his complicity in the plot against the Na'vi -- a third step (integrity). He realizes that he must do something extraordinary to win back the trust of the Na'vi -- riding the terrifying great dragon -- and this is a crucial step (not only bravery, but insight, which is translated into action, and faith). Ultimately, Jake is literally transformed, permanently departing his human body to become Na'vi. He becomes physically and spiritually integrated with the life force of Pandora.Jake's transformation is assisted and encouraged by Neytiri. After Jake regains the trust of the Na'vi, Neytiri acknowledges this by saying "I see you." Significantly, she repeats this later in the film, looking into Jake's human eyes. For the Na'vi, "I see you" means "I acknowledge your existence." The real meaning for Jake is that Neytiri sees him for who he really is, and more importantly, who he can become. It is no coincidence that the song at the end of the film is called "I See You."The transformation illustrated so literally in "Avatar" is what each of us seeks in life -- a hopeful journey forward, through which we become more than what we were. The journey can be exciting, terrifying, and at times, can challenge us to go beyond what we believed we were capable of doing. Cameron's real achievement in "Avatar" is communicating that message without letting the audience know that he is doing it.Especially at this time in history, with the economy depressed, world politics ominous and uncertain, and opportunities for the young seemingly absent, "Avatar" delivers a message of encouragement and hope in a medium familiar and acceptable to young adults. For this, Cameron deserves more than an Academy Award. He deserves the Nobel Prize.

I was not blown away by this movie like everyone else seems to be. First, the good stuff. There are some good actors in here, especially the actor who plays Jake (though I might be biased, because he was pretty hot), and they all commit to what they're doing and make it believable. As everyone says, the graphics and visuals are pretty freakin' awesome (as well they should be, with the budget of this movie). The world that Cameron creates is stunning, mesmerizing, and pure: the special effects are amazing. Like many, I saw it in 3D and it was good old fashioned movie-going fun. Yay! Okay, now for the not so good parts. As others have stated, the storyline/plot is a little lacking. I had trouble understanding the motivations of many of the characters. Ah, yes, character development - that would have been nice, too. Don't expect any. Yes, it's a recycled and re-used plot: clichéd and often predictable. It seems reminiscent of many great classics, my favorite being "Star Wars." Now I'll be the first to admit that the mythical structure of "Star Wars" was not completely original, but at least it seemed Lucas "made it his own" (to quote American Idol?) with his original characters and unique setting. "Avatar" is practically plagiarism (one line in particular made me want to shout "THE FORCE!" in the middle of the movie). Also- we get practically no character background at all, so we have no idea what makes these people tick (perhaps there would have been more if the edited version wasn't already a staggering 2 hrs 40 min.). Instead, we get one-dimensional, stock characters that had me rolling my eyes underneath my uncomfortable and overpriced 3D glasses. Lastly, the film is doused with lessons in morality from Mr. Cameron; it is a blatant criticism of US foreign policy. Not everyone will pick up on this, which I understand, since most of us want mindless entertainment at the movies. But upon closer review, I don't see how some people cannot see it. One of the "evil" characters actually says: "We'll fight terror with terror!" (Though mind you, they are attacking a planet filled with peaceful inhabitants who have never attacked them, for the simple quest of obtaining a precious metal called...unobtainium...::rolls eyes again::) Now I don't mind a little political satire here and there, but it seems misplaced in what is seemingly intended as a mindlessly entertaining popcorn flick.To give an example of the poor story-telling and lack of motivation: the "evil" humans are attacking the peaceful planet of Pandora in hopes of getting more "unobtainium" (gah it's so cheesy) but Cameron never bothers to tell us WHY. It is barely even mentioned. Is it just pretty and shiny like gold? Or, as another reviewer brilliantly pointed out, this stuff could save lives on Earth for all we know. It is never explained and the movie makers just assume you will accept it and not care what the reason is. I was actually really glad to come to IMDb and find there were others who felt the same way. I don't think it was an awful movie, I just don't think it's worthy of the enormous praise that seems to surround it. Should you see it? Yeah, sure, it's pretty entertaining I guess. And if you are into graphics/special effects, and/or don't mind gaping plot holes, then you'll probably love it.Bottom line: Remember when Lucas revamped the "Star Wars" saga with the three new prequels, and instead of telling a great story with interesting characters like he did with the original trilogy, he got so obsessed with graphics and special effects that it pretty much ruined the whole movie? Yeah, it's kind of like that. I guess they stole that from "Star Wars," too.

Never before have I felt the need to express my views about a movie online except when I saw Lord of the Rings for the first time.Let's get it straight- the ONLY thing ordinary about Avatar is its screenplay. It's not bad, just ordinary. Story is clichéd, but very relevant. Everything else about the movie is just out of the world, literally! This is not a movie like Pulp Fiction or Fight Club. It doesn't require intelligence to understand the plot. But seriously, who cares? The visuals are so stunning and wonderful that you are sucked into Pandora. You feel like you are living on Pandora and watching the actors over their shoulders. This is where 3D filming has been put to great use in this movie. I can only speak for myself but I related to the characters so well that I was almost emotionally attached to them an hour into the movie.The two main messages of the story are environmentalism and peace. Both of them are extremely relevant today. But then again, the purpose of this movie is not just to carry those messages across. It's to show a completely different world in stunning detail and to let the viewers relate that world to our own. To me, it talks also about fighting injustice, even if it is perpetuated by "your own" people. The biological theory of connections between all the living things on the planet was pretty cool and is truly, the worldwide web.The acting doesn't stand out as mind-blowing but blame it not on the actors, but the visuals. James Horner, as always, delivers with the music. It is so inextricably linked to the scenes that you probably won't be able to imagine enjoying the movie without it. Special effects, needless to say, are outstanding! CGI on this scale for hundreds of characters is no mean task. Dialogs, as I mentioned before, are not extra-ordinary but then again, you don't expect a marine to be Shakespeare in his linguistic articulation. They definitely fit in with the plot.This definitely is another milestone in movie-making and will definitely spawn a lot more special-effects filled movies. All in all, the movie rises above others of its class for the way in which this rather simple-minded story is told. I still can't stop playing through the scenes in my mind. Go watch it and let go of your worries and live in Pandora for 166 minutes and trust me, it's a wonderful life!

As I'm writing this, the time is well passed 3 AM, and I don't feel tired at all. I'm on a high that comes from a compelling work of art –the kind of art that leaves a good taste in your mouth. The kind of art where you wake up in the morning and your breakfast tastes better. Yes, I'm on a high, and I may just be an addict, as I would love nothing more than to walk into another screening this very moment.About 12 years ago (about the time that Titanic hit theaters), legendary director James Cameron wrote down a science fiction story that he had, more or less, carried in his head since youth. What Cameron realized right off the bat was that his story, a classical amalgam of influences from My Lai and Wounded Knee to self actualization and the "reborn" nature of spirituality, could only achieve cinematic greatness in the manner of its execution, not in the uniqueness of its elements -much the same as Star Wars. What Cameron saw in his head was the important thing, and I'm happy to say that the special effects technology is finally able to catch up to his vision (and probably surpass it). James Cameron's Avatar is nothing short of the most splendid buffet of visuals that my eyes ever did feast upon in a science fiction film.Is the film perfect? Certainly not. There are a few instances of relatively stale dialogue, but never in a distracting way (I'm looking at you Hayden Christenson). Most of the dialogue isn't very quotable in a "Star Wars" way either, but then again, Star Wars never had the same level of elegant visual storytelling that Avatar does.Many reviewers have cited 1 dimensional characters: for this I must cry foul. Consistency does not equate to single dimensionality; it is true that most of the characters remain consistent in their moral drive for the duration of the film and most follow well-proved archetypal character journeys, but I fail to see why minimal moral ambiguity is a problem here if it wasn't for Star Wars, The Lion King, Lawrence of Arabia or It's A Wonderful Life. Regardless, the movie is about Sully, and I happen to think that Sully's character was developed in a rich way. It didn't feel "samey" to the culture crossover main characters in Last of the Mohicans, Last Samurai, or Dances with Wolves.As for the "Dances with Wolves" plot mold of indigenous folks vs. Western greed (the most common "flaw" mentioned at rottentomatoes.com), what with the film's "mcguffin", unobtainium: natural resources driving the narrative, the story more closely resembles Dune than anything else. And it's executed in such a way that it more fully realizes the story mold than nearly any previous effort; fantastical exaggeration of the symbiotic interdependency between the N'avi and their environment (which they share in a literal, biological way - beyond just food) creates a new benchmark of dramatic urgency in science fiction storytelling.Much of modern sci-fi boringly necessitates pessimism in its narrative to achieve "respectable" status, but Cameron beautifully strays from the pack on this outing. Hopeful, spiritual optimism through rich, epic cultural exploration mirrors that found in classics like The Lion King or Lawrence of Arabia. Horner's score emphasizes this as well.The 3D is stunning,never gimmicky, and simply must be seen in Imax.Perhaps when I see Avatar again, I won't like it as well as I do now. Perhaps I must first be sobered from my initial excitement of seeing something crazy and new before I can make an objective analysis worth reading For the moment, I don't care. All I really need to say is: Everyone, see this movie. James Cameron, I see you.(Edit: Saw it again... Still awesome)

I did my best to keep the expectations low, but it didn't quite work out. I mean, it's a movie directed by James Cameron, featuring sassy badass Space Marines, evil corporations, power armor, and Sigourney Weaver. That's the closest I'll ever get to a direct Aliens sequel, definitely one of my top 5 movies of all time and inspiration of countless wet military sci-fi dreams.On the other hand, although trying to stay spoiler-free, I kinda did expect something that would turn me off on a certain levels, hearing things about "dances with wolves" in space and a straight green message, delivered in black and white, without the necessary shades of grey in between. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for saving the planet and respecting the natives, but I like my messages delivered in a subtle way that makes me care, instead of the sledgehammer-in-your-face method. See "the day the earth stood still" remake. Bah, humbug.Third point: My first movie in 3d. Wasn't sure how it would work out for me with my glasses, and if it would enhance or distract from the experience. Really, I had no clue.So. here's a spoiler-free, very personal summary of what I think: Go. See. That. Movie.In a nutshell: It's flawed, but for me, a flawless experience. It's extremely CGI-heavy (something I couldn't be more sceptic about), but it's CGI you buy into. The designs, the human characters, the animated characters, there's just... chemistry. The illusion is there and makes you overlook the obvious. The plot is predictable, but it didn't give me time to predict, because it gripped me and didn't let me go. See, a movie can have the most blatant story, the question is how it is delivered by the people involved, from the actors to the director. That's the theory, and I was always sceptic of such gibberish. But boy, it was delivered, straight to my inner child, on a silver plate full of awesome. It immersed me. It worked. I was in awe. I was in tears. I was cheering. The whole premise, the parallels to our history, the message, the love story, it's all naive. And I'm so glad that it just shut the **** up that cynic in me in the most elegant way for three hours and made me naive and open for the beauty and wit and wonder in it. I didn't think I was still capable of that, but I watched that movie with the wide, blue eyes of a fourteen year old, enjoying a thrilling, heartbreaking mix of "ALIENS" and "E.T.".Also, sh** blows up really good.See, the Star Wars prequels were something that should have been just that. Instead, I was pulled out of it and shaking my head all over the place. I was pulled out by wooden, badly-directed actors acting confused in front of too much blue screen. I was pulled out by half-assed cartoony CGI characters. By video game sequences of unbelievable combat and plot holes as big as a small moon.And here's the movie where it's all so flawless, human and elegant- characters, effects, delivery- that I gladly overlook its faults and enjoy it for what makes it awesome. Here's the spiritual successor of the movies I grew up with and loved, that just left me dreaming. Suddenly I remember how it was to watch 1977's Star Wars for the very first time. Grinning, crying, cheering and clapping.This is it. But don't listen to me, I'm being a biased fanboy here.See? It managed to make me a biased fanboy. Nothing has done that in a decade. And it feels so good!

12 years ago, James Cameron had a vision of Avatar in mind. A vision so ahead of its time that Cameron shelved his project in order to wait for the technology to catch up. A vision so imaginative & exciting that he, finally, went on to create the much needed technology on his own. And the end result was NOT disappointing at all. Avatar takes film-making technology to a whole new level & sets a new standard in 3D viewing. It's a milestone in the history of the art.Avatar tells the story of Jake Sully, a paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission who becomes torn between following his orders & protecting the world he feels is his home. Avatar is primarily an action-adventure journey of self-discovery, in the context of imperialism & biodiversity. Avatar brings us as close as cinema ever has to actually visiting an alien world. So, watch it in 3D cinemas only if you really want to experience the breathtaking vision of Cameron's world.Director James Cameron has, once again, broken all boundaries & created a visual extravaganza, thus, in the process, announcing his return which just couldn't have been better. From Terminator to Aliens to The Abyss to Terminator 2 to Titanic & now Avatar, the entertainment scope is getting wider & wider with every Cameron's film without compromising at all with the quality. The attention he has given to the detail is superb. Not only Cameron created a whole new world with its flora & fauna of exceptional beauty, he went on to create the culture, race & language of the Na'vi too & their love for their surroundings. They are to Pandora what humans are to Earth. Only difference being our ignorance to our surroundings.Avatar isn't an exceptional movie, overall. When it comes to plot, performances or dialogs, its a disappointment. Those things are no match to Cameron's previous works; Terminator, Aliens, Terminator 2 & even Titanic. The reason behind Avatar breaking every box-office records lies in the beauty of Avatar that's drawing people to theaters again & again. The unforgettable experience in 3D viewing, the dead-end beauty of Pandora, the never-seen-before film-making technology & much satisfying entertainment overall are all responsible for its grand success. It has started the change. It has set things in motion. Cinema is getting revolutionized. Almost every movie is going 3D these days because of Avatar. Still, none have been able to recreate that same magic or experience. That's why, Avatar is way ahead of it's time.Now, let's come to the strong points of Avatar. It lies in its visual effects, editing & cinematography. Editing, like any Cameron movie, is brilliant. The cinematography brings us closer to the beautiful environment, the exotic creatures & incredibly lifelike natives of Pandora. Those who watched it in 3D knows how heartwarming the feeling was to find yourself in the flora & fauna of Pandora. However, the backbone of Avatar is its visual effects. Groundbreaking from scene 1, it's not the surroundings but the details of the surroundings because of which Visual Effects of Avatar reached new heights. World's 2 greatest visual effects studios, ILM & Weta Digital, worked together to produce this gem, and the results are wonderful. The attention in detailing & the magnitude scale of Pandora are sure to leave viewers jaw-dropped. Just the detailing on the face of a Na'vi is enough to tell you about the dedication involved in its making.Technically, Avatar is a breakthrough in film-making technology, 3D viewing & stereoscopic film-making with camera being designed specifically for the movie. If one looks at the story, it isn't that bad too. Of course not the best or even among the best, but still, it has all elements of entertaining the general audience of the world & that's what this movie is doing right now. At least, James Cameron knows how to invest and properly use the massive budget of this movie, unlike Michael Bay(Transformers 1 n 2) or Roland Emmerich(2012, Godzilla etc) who rely only on VFX & nothing else. At least, Avatar scores pretty well above them. It tells a fine story & let VFX n SFX take this movie to new heights.James Horner collaborated with James Cameron for the 3rd time (after Titanic & Aliens) & no doubt, has given a brilliant soundtrack yet again. The score is not as epic as Titanic but is still excellent for a sci-fi film. The score is really beautiful & succeeds in creating the music culture for the alien race. The beauty of the music of Avatar blends well with the beauty of Pandora. James Horner has done a fantastic job.Also, the story or screenplay of Avatar won't make it to the great lists. So, its better you go without expecting a quality plot & screenplay from this movie but a feast for the eyes. And make sure you watch Avatar in 3D for an all new experience. You won't regret it. Missing Avatar would be like missing a turning point in cinema. So be a part of it.10/10 for Avatar's beauty & the wonderful experience I had in theater.

James Cameron does learn from his previous efforts and keeps getting better and better, and he has come close to achieving perfection in his latest production, the marvelous and wonderful "Avatar", a film with non stop energy that entertains, teaches, and delights us. Though not completely original, the film shines because its elements all fit into place and take us through experiences which will probably never be matched or surpassed in the silver screen."Avatar" is the story of the conflicts between two worlds, one protecting his idyllic environment where everything has a connection to an unifying force and spirit, and another one that continues to self destruct by greed and lack of insight. As we are introduced to the wonders of Pandora, an ironic name if any, the wonders begin. Cameron has given us sights and creations of amazing imagination, with the fauna and flora that parades in front of our eyes, fantastic beings with much more life in them than most of any previous CGI creatures, come to mind the dinosaurs and gorillas of "Jurassic Park" and "King Kong", but the new animals show more force and agility, and what takes our breath away is how real their interaction appears to be.The crowning jewel are the humanoids native to Pandora, tall and proud blue skinned beings, lovingly rendered by computer programs that rely heavily on the performances of the cast. A million years ahead of the work done with similar process by Zemeckis in the disturbing "Polar Express" and "Christmas Carol", the people from Pandora manage to express their emotions quite eloquently, and those emotions range from jealousy to heartbreak. Most incredible work is done by Worthington and Saldana, as the central couple who must learn to understand and appreciate each other.Humand eventually try to encroach over the people of Pandora's natural resources, by any means necessary, and a epic battle results because of the destruction of secret sites in order to break the natives' spirits. These are powerful scenes, full of an intensity rarely seen in epic/fantasy films, and the last hour of the film delivers what has sorely been missing from the latest entries by Scott in "Kingdom of Heaven" and Stone's "Alexander", a vibrant and powerful collection of physical confrontations where survival is the key element, spectacle is mixed with sheer will and determination, and the results are magnificent.Finally, I can't heap enough praise upon this sensation movie, the best of 2009, one that is as powerful as "Departures", as imaginative and entertaining as "Star Trek", full of some of the wonder of "Up", and with great performances that recalls the amazing work of Robin Williams in the "World's Greatest Dad" and Jessica Biel's and Kristin Scott-Thomas in "Easy Virtue", films that like "Avatar" are worth a second or third viewing because they aim and hit their respective targets because of their pure cinematic power. How does one know that a film will become a classic? When one leave the theatre and can't wait to see it again for the sum of its parts, not by misreading the power of a single performance and hoping the luster will compensate for the mediocrity of the rest of the film, or by hoping that a set of clever lines will turn a screenplay into gold. Cameron has made sure "Avatar"'s separate parts all work in tune, from its performances, to its screenplay, to its editing, and special effects, never forgetting that what matters the most is the fact that its heart beats with enough conviction to connect to the sense of wonder in all of us. A great film.

For all its visual proficiency, "Avatar" is not the apex of cinematic achievement some reviewers would have you believe it is, and the primary reason is this: the wobbly script is about as old as cinema itself -- the abundance of flat dialogue like "You're not the only one with a gun, bitch" doesn't help either. For this reason (and others discussed below) I still rank Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" trilogy as superior to "Avatar" -- Cameron's film may be technologically superior, but it lacks the intelligence and subtle emotion of Jackson's expertly crafted cinematic trio."Avatar" is filled with familiar characters, from the rebellious outsider and hero Jake Scully (Sam Worthington) to noble human scientist Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver) to a cartoonish villain (Stephen Lang) invoking the imperialist bloodlust of Bush Cheney Co. to the wise and peaceful Na'vi chief (Wes Studi) and shaman (C.C.H. Pounder) who happen to be parents to the Na'vi princess, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana).Neytiri is the sole standout among the film's characterizations as aspiring to something more than cliché: she is not cast simply as Jake's mandatory love interest or the raison d'etre for the switching of his loyalties. She is a fierce warrior, a defender of the environment, and a potent force of nature whose love and life are at the center of the film. The film makers spared no effort in crafting her as authentically as possible; there are moments (i.e. the destruction of the Great Tree, her animalistic cries over the body of her father) when she seems more real (even more human?) than the human characters, which is testimony to the fact that she is the greatest technological achievement in a film boasting of literally millions of special effects and synthetic manipulations. Indeed, when all else about the film may be forgotten, it is her image which persists in the memory, so powerfully is she depicted.It is difficult to watch the onslaught of attacks on the Na'vi without thinking of how closely this scene of unadulterated horror and depraved violence resembles what the people of Iraq, Afghanistan, and Vietnam have endured throughout the U.S. led invasions of those nations. It is clear that Cameron views those invasions as immoral and evil. Should there be any doubts, he has his villain proclaim his desire for "preemptive attack" by fighting "terror with terror." I wonder what arch conservative Rupert Murdoch (whose Fox produced "Avatar") thinks of this not-so-subtle bit of Bush bashing . . .It is impossible -- yes, impossible -- to view the film without thinking of real, historical, flesh and blood Native Americans who lived in North America long before Jamestown was ever a colony. The Na'vi of Pandora are the Native Americans of the 16th and 17th centuries, complete from their tribal lifestyle to the markings on their bodies.To be sure, there is much in "Avatar" that borrows from earlier films about Native Americans, namely Disney's animated musical "Pocahontas" and the Kevin Costner epic "Dances with Wolves". Neytiri IS Pocahontas, and if Jake isn't John Smith, he is most definitely John J. Dunbar/Dances With Wolves. The dominant themes of environmental oneness, natural spirits, and kinship with all of creation abound in stark contrast with the "human" values of greed, war, and destruction. Cameron even managed to reincarnate Grandmother Willow as a divine tree called Eywah.The film also delves into the issues of race, genocide, and manifest destiny (admittedly, not always with subtlety or sophistication) in ways that many will decry the film as blatant anti-American propaganda, or as some have described it, as a liberal apology for genocide inflicted upon the indigenous peoples of the Americas by Europeans fueled by white guilt and a visceral hatred of all things neocon. Clearly, much more unfolds on the screen than simply the greatest collection of cinematic visuals you've ever seen.Thus the question naturally arises, is this the definitive mainstream Hollywood film about Native Americans and what they endured under siege of the settlers in the founding years of America? The truth is I do not know. But if what is essentially a popcorn blockbuster can encourage the average film-goer to reassess how they view their place in the natural world and what it really means to invade another nation and unleash war, then Cameron will have far exceeded his goals. What I do know is that "Avatar" is an AMAZING piece of entertainment (cheesy dialogue, superficial characterizations and all). You've never seen anything like it -- and likely won't for a long, long time. A definite must-see.

Yeah this movie took several steps forward in terms of cinematography and filming technology, but that is all that can really be said to be what makes this film worth seeing. Everything else that makes a film great is totally lack luster.There is no deep character development. Why does Jake Sully really want to become a part of the Navi? What was life on Earth like? What really makes him want to break away from his roots there? Is it just the ability to walk? I mean are there no more Native Americans or Buddhists left on Earth (which is clearly who the Navi were based off of) to give him that spiritual satisfaction? How does he feel about filling his brother's shoes? Twin relationship? The conflict between scientists and the military is not developed. Every supporting character was a stock character. Michelle Rodriguez somehow manages to have a place in Hollywood after literally playing the same type of character in every film she is in (Fast and the Furious, SWAT, Blue Crush...yeah just put her in a futuristic helicopter and thats her in this one). Was Sigourney Weaver supposed to be a mother figure? How did the bad guy from the Last of the Mohicans feel about faking a Native American language? The plot was totally predictable, and the dialogue was crap. It was like James Cameron turned in his dialogue assignment a day late.This movie deserves no award nominations at all outside of those in technical categories.

BEST MOVIE IN YEARSi was blown away by how good this was and have now seen it 3 times at the cinema, this is a MUST see movie for everyone. It runs for around 2.40mins but i would have loved it to be longer. Everything in the movie is perfect from the acting to the story to the special effects! When the film first starts you will be thrown straight into the story. and from there its a wild ride in a perfect world for the next few hours. James Cameron really did think about everything in this movie, (SPOILERS ALERT) about mid way through the movie there will be an EPIC scene which will make you connect to the Na'vi and will (if you haven't already) fall in love with this film. it really was clever how James Cameron did this and one of the most emotional moments in a Sc-fi film i have ever scene! its beyond me how he made you connect so well to something that is not real but made you want to believe it was (SPOILERS OVER).If you are on the fence about seeing this film, its time to jump over it....MUST SEE 10/10

Without a doubt, this was the single most amazing display of movie making that I or my family have ever watched. For all of you out there criticizing this movie because of the cartoonish characitures, or the simplistic plot, or the liberal pontification; you are completely missing the boat. You literally cannot see the forest for the trees.I will admit, entering the movie I was trepidatious over the reported 3 hour running time, but the movie flew by quicker than many 90 minute yawners. We will be going to see it again in a couple of weeks.The cool factor was off the charts. The visual stimulation from seeing it in 3D was something I'd never experienced at the movies before. The movie enveloped me and washed over me. I felt as though I was on Pandora. Incredible.Yes the imperialists were cartoonish, but they often are in real life too. The plot was simple, but that simplicity enable the viewer to focus on everything else that was going on.The word I kept repeating for hours afterwards was "Amazing". This is the first movie that I've given a "10" rating on my vote.My wife and my 11 year old son agree, you absolutely owe it to yourself to go see this movie. You won't be sorry you did.

I was not sure I would like this film. I really did not like Titanic, mainly because it's not my kind of film, so I wasn't sure if I'd like Avatar. I went to see it because people were saying that it had the better CGI than any other film, and it had five-star reviews all over the papers.I loved it! The film was action packed from start to finish! I do admit that only the very smart will get the plot at first, but everyone will have it by at least the middle. I hardly even noticed that the film was almost three hours!The planet Pandora is visually stunning. The plants are incredible, they light up, they move, some near the beginning even shrink! The Nawis, the natives to Pandora, are very life-like, I never even knew that they were computer generated!The action scenes (not giving any spoilers) are just fantastic! Everything is so realistic, the planes are realistic, the floating mountains are realistic, and the sound literally blows you away.The actors are very good, especially Sigourney Weaver. But if you have a young child, do not allow them to watch this. There is a minor bit of swearing, tons of blood violence and very loud sound. Overall, the film is just fantastic! You have to see this movie, as it is by far the most stunning film of the decade!

I was a bit hesitant to write a review after my first viewing of Avatar. But now after my third viewing, I am not shy in declaring that this movie will become a classic and remembered for its groundbreaking vista for as long time. We have become used to "production" movies coming out of assembly lines from Hollywood, Bollywood, Asian and European movie houses that we almost forgot how wonderful a cinematic experience can be. Sure, there may have been other movies this year with "more quirky", "more original" stories but as a whole, Avatar is by far the best movie this year and in the top ten of best movie this decade. A classic is by definition something that you can enjoy as much if not more in the second, third, fourth viewing, and Avatar is definitely it. I don't understand the critic that this film lack story and emotion because it has all of it, even if a bit on the cliché side.

Reading through most of the reviews, people have graded it to what the movie deserved "a high rating". Though some people refused to consider it a great movie, mostly because it lacked in originality and did not live up to its extremely high expectations. To be honest the movie really wasn't revolutionary, it was just really good. Thus I still insist on giving it a good rating. The movie followed the same concept as many previous movies, being that mankind is evil and are aggressive consumers of worlds. The movie kind of represents symbolism for both the indigenous people being forced out of their land (Like the Colonist/ Indian conflict). It also represents our war in the sense that our ambition is a war in desire of oil, or supply. Indeed many movies in the past have based their meaning on these subjects, but what is wrong with repetition if the outcome is good? It is how the concepts are composed is what matters. And I believe that if any viewer of Avatar, will drop their boundaries; even a little, will like this movies. Granted the story did not consist of extremely deep meaning compared to the more popular and intellectual movies, but it still proved interesting. I must also add that some of the movies that critics claim Avatar to have stolen from I have not seen, thus I suppose their is an exception to have not liked this movie. Still I enjoyed the story and its' characters.Now as for the visuals, they were better than almost every movie I have seen, but not revolutionary. As I watched previews of this movie I noticed a blend between reality and animation, thus I had a high expectation of the movies' visuals. Unfortunately throughout the movie it was pretty easy to tell when it was animation and when it was not. It was like the matrix in the sense that when Jake entered the alien world you knew it was not real. Perhaps if the Na'vi were not as colorful, and in bright colors, my opinion would be otherwise. Despite that the visuals were still great. I must also point out that in this movie James Cameron has created an interesting and unique world, in which I compare to even Star Wars itself. The Na'vi are basically gargantuan humans with blue skin and elf ears, but still very cool to look at, even to be attracted too "cough" Neytiri. The creatures and even the futuristic technology expressed are simply amazing. So another great feature Avatar contains.Critics of this story would argue against its simplicity as it is a well known concept in terms of a war between natives and conquerors, but it doesn't mean the story was bad. Even if you argue that the main conflict lacked originality, James Cameron exposed other intriguing ideas, such as the transfer of ones mind to another body and even the metaphor between the internet and the planets forest. If you can not enjoy this movie, you are too critical and I recommend dropping your boundaries, for I assume you would dislike almost every movie, making your experience in modern entertainment rather dull, despite the exception I mentioned earlier. In truth this movie may not deserve a 10 maybe an 8 or 9, but I give it a 10 to counter those whom give it low ratings for almost ridiculous reasons. I highly recommend seeing Avatar to all people and hope you will enjoy it as much as I have.

Just go! The people who made this movie, most of which are just average working people making a normal salary deserve it for what they have created. This movie accomplishes what most people go to movies for. To escape from reality for a little while.Not only is this what I consider a milestone in the evolution of state of the art movie making, it's a good story with a simple message.A bit annoyed at some of the criticisms. I don't see anything political in the metaphorical message this movie presents. If Republicans hate the idea that getting close to nature is good and war is bad then too bad so sad for them! There is only 1 directly political reference to Bush. That is when the military offensive is referred to as a "shock and awe" campaign. If people are going to get their panties in a bunch over that then again, sucks to be them! Also don't understand the criticisms about the similarity to Dances with Wolves. Dances with Wolves was not a unique idea. Modern society has been screwing over aboriginals for centuries. What is so bad in pointing that out once in awhile in a way that most people can relate to? By seeing it through the eyes of someone from this modern world.I loved every minute of this movie. There were a couple tiny teeny little things in the dialog I would have done differently but no matter how you slice it, this is a masterpiece!

Avatar, the movie that turns into a world !I Would like to share the joy I have watching this movie over and over (twice in 2D and once in 3D).Avatar is really hitting the brain, it makes you feeling so good, but unfortunately, so sad after quiting the theater, you just want to stick next to the Na'vi on Pandora.I think that everyone that has an heart will be affected by this movie, and will feel very sad on earth after this !Enjoy the one of the best movie ever !!!The actors are playing very well, the music is epic, the tears will just flow on your face during the movie !ney-tiri@live.com

This blockbuster directed by James Cameron twelve years after "Titanic" is a perfect mixture of previous Cameron movies. Although it includes many classical factors of James Cameron movies which will seem familiar for you it still worth to be named the best motion picture of the 21 century so far. It discusses many issues we face today in our planet, contains several original thoughts in science fiction and tells an old story in a very fresh way.THE WAR It talked about human invasion in a new planet called Pandora in the future for some vital resources and the residents called Na'Vis have to fight with human for their own civilization. The conflict begins with this simple reason and deepens as some crazy people in army who holds strong violence in mind always find a solution of "fighting terror with terror". And this triggers another inside conflict in the human side when a group of researchers who studies behaviors of Na'Vis using Avatars found that this invasion will destroy this upper civilization. Is this a mirror of some of the issues we face globally? ENVIRONMENT AND TECHNOLOGY We people are animals that are good at and are keen about transforming our nature. We are trying to learn the world by creating technologies and then use those technologies to convert the nature to what we want it to be but NOT what it should be. This is our civilization. Unlike ours, the civilization of the Na'Vis is more complied with their environment and eventually they have an upper level of evolution. Do we need to be more complied with the environment in our planet earth today? THE LOVE This movie tells us a good and powerful love story. The brain and intellect connection of male and female will cross some boundaries which anyone will not neglect. Love is the source of the power.GET BACK TO THE CINEMAThe IMXA 3D, WOW, you should really try this. You will find it is pretty flat when you go to the 2D cinema after the 3D experience. If you watched most of James Cameron's movies before including "The Abyss", you will notice that this is a story after "The Abyss". It is a deeper abyss on Pandora.

I watch movies for a living and feel as though most movies are just rehashes of movies that have already been made. Avatar is different. Cameron has created a new world that I felt I became a part of while watching. The detail is absolutely amazing. All I could think about when watching this movie is how the Native Americans must have felt when the white man came to town. The idea that everything is connected touched home with me. The natives felt such a connection with every thing on their planet. It was so original to have the natives literally connect with the other species on the planet. I must admit that parts of it were predictable but it was so worth the ride.

AVATAR has a soul I saw AVATAR today. It was a boiling 40 degrees Celsius in Australia. I caught a bus and train to get there. I spent months on a forum before that. Incremental stops included a scriptment, stills, a teaser, a foot, AVATAR day and a full trailer. Now released I have had many reviews to read which have been mostly very positive. It is a marvel to watch. The opening scenes are very sci-fi with a glimpse of low gravity aboard a space-craft. Sam Worthington fills us in with a short narration. He is taking over his diseased brother's role in the AVATAR program. These opening scenes are actually among the most effective 3D in the film, pulling you into this story, tracking shots putting you into the steps of the characters. I jump ahead, like the film, to The world of Pandora which is lush with earthly life as seen through pulp fantasies. The rendering of this world is terrific. The life and activity is in the plants as much as it is the animals. Wonder is generated with this ambitious creation. Cameron has lifted the bar. The CG is the best I have ever seen. Everything you have heard is true. The 3D enhances this with leaves falling and swaying branches life-like in the foreground. The realisation of the Navii is also ambitious. They are CG but there are many moments that make you think they are real and in terms of the story they are more than good enough to propel the narrative with strong emotional content. I went into this film knowing mostly everything within it. Hours of reading, some from the treatment and pages of the recent reviews. It is very much a family film like "Nealz" said in his IMDb review. There is a moment where one of the ferocious animal species that earlier were attacking Jake are seen with a litter, the children in the audience loved the cute pups! The spiritual side of this film is much better than expected. It is in fact a beautiful story. The structure is classical film-making but with amazingly new scope in CGI to express grand images. An epic The journey that Jake takes through Pandora is lovely. He is taken in by the Navii and explores their culture, language and habitat. Natirii, the female Navii he meets while lost, helps him through this journey. This is a love story of both soul mates and with a wider picture. Existential connections with the natural world. Personal destiny. I had tears in this film. I tried to hold them back but by the roll of credits they came. This is a movie that I have anticipated for so long. I think the ingredients of its story and my connection to this films production gave me a very emotional response. I cant imagine this disappointing any of the fans on the board. Keeping in mind that it is a family film but delivered everything I wanted. Expect a special edition. After AVATAR is a hit, a special edition will make its way to the cinema. I can understand why they would cut the earth scenes and it works. The actual film seems pretty brisk and it could also have more padding out. You want more of it and that is a triumph for this type of film running two and a half hours. It is a good balance because at two and a half hours AVATAR is aimed directly at the cinema going audience. Broadly appealing with elements for everyone. My earlier prediction of a billion or more world-wide seems safe. I don't want to go on about visuals too much but the lovely shots of the natural wonderland of glowing life in still 3D shots is magical. Something to take kids to see. Floating tiny neon life jellyfish their way through the air with grace. The monkey-like extra-limbed creatures with the peeping eyes flock through the forrest quickly. The creature design is done in a clever way with the motion of a living thing. The action is over the top, epic, frenetic and a new take on the battle sequence. James Cameron didn't stuff this up. He probably pressed the studio way beyond their comfort zone with the time, money and effort that has gone into this. Sam Worthington is excellent casting choice. Sigourney Weaver ads frank reason. Stephen Lang chews the scenery as the ultimate you know what. Zoe Saldana is beautiful as Jakes guide into this world and. I went to the cinema and it was a very hot day. By the time I left the cinema, the streets were wet with rain. A warm humidity was thick in the air. Lightning splashed my walk to the train station with white light. I honestly wondered if It was my time to be struck down with a bolt of electricity from the sky. Watch this film. It is destined to become a childhood classic to many little-ones too young to be on this forum. It will be talked about at high school by male and females as spectacular. It will be watched multiple times by fans. I loved it but beyond my appreciation for the film itself, is the the message of love permeating from this movie that I hope enters the zeitgeist like elements of Cameron's other stories have. At its heart is a soul. AVATAR is an achievement in many technical departments but I wouldn't say the story is deficient. It is a beautiful experience and the story is surprisingly what I loved most. Believe the hype.

Of course I had heard the hype over Avatar for a long time, but just refused to believe it for many reasons. It seemed very overrated at first glance, as it probably did to most, and I really didn't care to see if for awhile. Now, I am so glad that I gave it a chance, because Avatar turned out to be a visually beautiful, incredibly written and wonderfully executed work of art that indeed is my favorite movie of 2009 and one of the best movies I've ever seen, and that's without me viewing it in 3D!First of all, yes, it does seem overrated at first glance. Even when the film started my thoughts were that it had pretty bad dialogue and that it was going to be incredibly crappy and a complete waste of my time. I changed that thought within the first twenty or twenty-five minutes of the movie. It begins to get so interesting and the characters start making an unbelievable impact on you and you really start to care for them and the story, within the first twenty or twenty-five minutes, I don't lie. It starts becoming more and more entertaining until you are completely mesmerized and astonished by how wonderful it truly is and how entranced you are in the film and how alluring it is to all your senses.The movie is amazingly brilliant and even though it was long, I was taking in every second with the utmost delight because James Cameron makes it so enjoyable to watch and has a direction that creates the most pleasurable and sensational atmosphere, as he's done with every movie I've seen by him. The actors and actresses capture their characters superbly as well and make them really believable and likable down to the very core. Sure, the movie didn't bring that much new material, but the way they handled it so delicately is what really pays off and makes the viewer tantalize every aspect.I thought the suspense, romance, action and all other genre mixes were balanced perfectly, and though the plot was paper thin, it was strong because of how amazingly beautiful the visuals were and how powerfully the actors and actresses make their characters, and how well the CGI makes it seem like you are actually on the planet Pandora and living every second of the film. Simply fantastic, I must say!Well, people who think it is still overrated after seeing it have probably disagreed with this by now, but if you are a fan of Avatar and appreciated it for the astonishingly magnificent piece of work that it is, I am right there with you. It was exciting and riveting to the bone with CGI and lush, picturesque scenes that are to die for. The plot was well done because of how wonderful every one that worked on the film makes it be and the movie was entertaining as hell. I am proud to say I enjoyed it highly and that James Cameron deserves all the money he received for this marvelous movie. After it was off, I wish it would've never ended.

I can't honestly say I am a huge James Cameron fan (Lucas and Spielberg hold that honor) but his movies never cease to give you more of what you want out of movies, an escape from the every day. Avatar does just that, takes you on one wild far out ride. The graphics are amazing; I was seriously sitting there trying to figure out what was real and what was not. It's hard, because it all fits together so seamlessly that you actually believe that Pandora exists and that you could really go there. Even the aliens looked real; the Sigourney Weaver Avatar LOOKED JUST LIKE Sigourney Weaver. Like she was wearing makeup or something like that. And let's be honest, who hasn't wanted to see Sigourney Weaver as an 8 foot tall blue alien? But this also made me think that if we have this type of technology now just think of what we could do!? Chris Farley in a movie with Humphrey Bogart? Who knows? The possibilities are limitless! Leave it to the creator of the Terminator to come up with this. This movie WILL change the way all future movies are made, of that there is no doubt.But as I watched a few things came to my mind that bothered me and I hope you will indulge me for a moment.....#1-Why is it that every movie that uses the military uses them as bad guys who are hell bent on killing and blowing things up? Once the main Colonel came on screen I said "There's your 'Bad Guy'" He fit the typical stereo type of military in movies to a T. Too over the top of you ask me, like a cartoon villain.#2-So the main brother dies and they decide to bring in the twin brother Jake to take his place, with no background information or training for this mission? This guy has no idea what he's doing, so what would the odds be of him getting there and being killed after the first day cause he had no idea what to expect? If the Avatars were so expensive you think they would spend more time to train him so he lives and gets the job done instead of throwing him into it and hoping for the best.#3-So this mineral is important, I get it, and they want it bad I get that too. But with the technology that the humans have why didn't they just dig under the tree? Why bother the locals if they are so hell bent against you? Use the Avatars to mine the mineral behind the locals backs and your problem is solved.#4-Michelle Rodriguez's character.....I get she was the 'Ripley' of the movie. But why is the 'rebel chick who will save the day' always the one in the tight fitting and rather revealing outfit? Also, half the things she wore cannot possibly be regulation military wear, if it is I wanna join.#5-Why did this corporation have the military there anyway? It was not a military operation, and you have big bulldozers that would easily crush the locals, so why bother with the Jarheads? #6-There was no plot. Sorry, but it's true. This was pretty much Dances with Wolves like everyone says. You can see it coming a million miles away. The first 20 minutes into Avatar and I knew where it was going. It was awesome to see and experience, but there was no reason to really be there.#7-Thank god they had that mind transferring tree thing, because Jake alienates himself from the humans to live with the locals. Hate to tell you Jake but you are still a guy in an Avatar body, what kind of life would you have living two lives? Would your human body really be able to take that for a long extended period of time? Did you think that through? #8-Seriously, was all the bombs and blowing up stuff REALLY needed? There had to be another way. That was too much. Committing genocide for some rocks? Dear lord, what will we become? Please tell me this is not because of global warming.There are others but just minor nitpicks from me and I won't bother you with them.Don't get me wrong, Avatar is an experience like no other, but you need to leave the rational part of your mind at the door, this is the type of movie that takes you away to another place but refuses to answer your questions when you're done.And that's all we want now a days anyway, a movie that will take us away from reality for a while.

Unfortunately, I had to watch it in 2D, but even with that, this movie was just brilliant. I think we all know the basic outline of the story by now, and I admit, some of the movie's flaws is that the plot is somewhat predictable, and that it had some cliché moments and some cheesy dialogue, but nevertheless, I thought the movie was overall fantastic. We all know the SFX are the best ever (everyone pretty much has said that, so why bother?), but what you don't know is that the way the film is executed actually carries quite an emotional punch that most people won't be expecting, and all of the performances overall are great, even Worthington's (which is the first film I've seen him in, by the way. Never got the chance to watch Terminator: Salvation, so he was a relatively new actor to me), but I can easily say that Zoe Saldaña was the best one, which brings me to my next point, and what I think is the highlight of the film: the na'vi. If you thought Gollum in the LotR films or the prawns in District 9 were incredible in how much emotion and realism they conveyed, just you wait 'till you see this film's blue humanoids. They're, without a shadow of a doubt, the best-looking CG characters I've ever seen. Not only do they LOOK real, they FELT real, and after a few minutes in, one could easily forget they were all actors in motion-capture suits. The na'vi showed more emotion, more expression and simply just more life than what most live-action actors have today. I hope the Academy Awards consider motion-capture performances from hereon out in the Acting categories, because they were just outstanding in this movie, and WAY better than most live-action performances we get today. And the action, of course, was also fantastic. Cameron just proved to people like Michael Bay that the King is back. Not just the battle scenes, but even some parts that were just, say, some characters flying around on their banshees were just a beauty to look at, since all shots just show how amazing the incredibly deep and detailed world that Pandora is. To the senses, it's the most stunning film I've ever seen. As for story and dialogue writing, it could've been better, it's not perfect, but this movie's really about how the story is executed rather than the content. Another highlight for me is, of course, just how deep and detailed everything in this film was, and being an artist myself, you could easily imagine just what an assault on the senses it was for me to witness such a beautifully created world that is Pandora. Ranging from its flora to its fauna, all things in this world are indeed alien, but also have a familiar sense to them from our world. One who's been watching Cameron for the past few years would know that he's always been into deep underwater exploration, and you can easily tell that a lot of what he saw down there influenced his vision for many of the things we see in this lush beauty of an ever-stretching rainforest.As for the film's score, I really don't get why some people are getting upset about it. In my opinion, James Horner gave us a tremendous score that fit perfectly to whatever was happening during the film. And yes, I even like Leona Lewis' song in the end credits.Many filmmakers out there think about CG effects and put no depth into the narrative or story, but that's not the case with Cameron. In this film, the special effects MAKE the story. He puts special effects and story in a blender, and meshes these elements up so well that what we get is one of the most unique films in history. My score: 8.5/10, and I think I'd probably give it a 9.0/10 or higher if I had seen it in 3D, and definitely a perfect 10 if I had seen it in an Imax 3D screen with the best seat in the hall, but then, we wouldn't really be speaking in that case about a movie, and instead a full-on cinematic experience, which is what makes me think that Avatar will become a classic; it's more an experience than a film, it's a journey to a new world where our imaginations are tested, and has achieved perfectly what a movie is intended for in the first place, at least of this genre: pure, out-of- this-world escapism.

It's been 12 years since we last saw James Cameron's visionary directing on the big screen. He previously graced Our Cinemas with the Likes of The Terminator, Aliens and the rather popular titanic. The latter went on to gross more than 1.8 billion dollars worldwide and bag 11 Oscar's. Now he's back with another epic, Avatar. It's been 12 years in the making, now it is being realised in glorious 3-D.The story is set hundreds of years from today on the distant moon of Pandora. The planets a lush, vivid place full of beautiful and deadly creatures. The population that inhabit this planet are the Na'vi, they are big, very fast and athletic with a knack for not taking the humans lightly. The film centres on Jake sully (Sam Worthington) a paraplegic marine who is offered a second chance at being a soldier. He is asked to fill in his recently deceased brother's boots and head to Pandora. The First thing you will notice about this film is that it looks incredible. Every single blade of grass has been fully detailed. The motion capture technology brings the Na'vi to life, with every emotion being realised. This is truly from a visionary point of view, a work of art.You are transported to the Moon of Pandora and it's a marvel if you are seeing it in 3-D, as intended. You are then introduced to the main characters of the film. First you meet the rather joyful and impressive colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) He gives a stand out performance as a stereotypical American Grunt, a rather over used cliché by the Canadian director. You are then introduced to Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver) who has affection for the Na'vi, and looking for a way back into the indigenous population's community.You will notice through the film that there are many references to James Cameron's previous work Aliens. There are a few small similarities' and one big, Aliens is arguably Cameron's best work, so it's not a negative. The role of Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi) will remind you of Carter Burke, the slimy all business Executive from Aliens. The score by James Horner, who also worked with Cameron on the 1986 hit leaves a familiar taste in your mouth. Cameron originally wanted Michael Biehn to play the role of Quaritch but thought the audience would get confused as Sigourney Weaver is also in the movie.The introduction of neytiri (Zoe Saldana) is powerful and exciting, You get the impression that she knows how to handle herself, This is a trait of all Jim Cameron's heroines. She introduces us to the Na'vi culture, and in the process, we start to care for and understand the advanced race.The film flows well; it can drag at times, especially in the middle act of the film. This could have been improved with an extra RDA encounter, to further mount the tension between the Na'vi and the inpatient humans. The Action in the film is amazing, real hard hitting stuff. But it is in no way mindless. Every scene of action has been carefully crafted, by the trusty hands and eyes of James Cameron, Who has a knack for getting the audiences, pulse racing. The final battle lasts around 40 minutes long and it is defiantly a sight to be seen.Final Thought's: On a technical level the film is a triumph with moments of wonder, the action is top notch to boot. The script and story can let it down at points, but that is no reason not to see the movie.Avatar is like a beautiful painting. What you see is what you get, and what you get is nothing short of epic.A moment of brilliance: The final battle scene is as good as they come. The last time you had Goosebumps like this, was when a well known farm boy, destroyed a death star.Reviewer: Joshua Roberts

I knew from the trailer it would have been a good one, but I didn't know how much I would love it. My idea of a good movie is the essence of something that has originality, insatiable acting and a whimsical storyline, something that I couldn't come up with myself. This movie really had me thinking of the possibility of another world like this one. James Cameron; the writer and director of this film found a way to create a mystical plot, beyond anyone's imagination unto the screen for us to enjoy and lament upon. Even the love story is unique and sensational, beyond words.I immediately did research upon returning from the movies, because I really enjoyed this one. I learned about the techniques used to digitize each actor and actress into their 'Na'vi' form and the exceptionally attractive artwork. I further discovered that the writer behind this movie had it set for release in 1999, but held it off until now because the technology introduced would not be as open to us now. We have seen many movies that presented technology that literally left you flabbergasted at the endeavor to create something beyond belief, but 'Avatar' would take your breath away.The names and the language within the movie would leave you wondering whether this language was 'the real deal'. I discovered that the language and culture of the 'Na'vi' was developed by Cameron himself. This creativity and professionalism was presented by Cameron in other films, but this one takes the cake.Set way into the future the plot revolves around the Na'vi and their homeland Pandora. Pandora itself speaks of a box which holds the evils of mankind and once opened, all the evils would be revealed. The choice of Pandora reflects the actual lifestyle of the Na'vi after the humans invaded their homeland.This type of inner depth which director James Cameron chose to develop was what impressed me most. I appreciated the relationship between Neytiri and Jake Sully. Sully himself was simple minded, but according to director Cameron; Sully would be 'a guy you'd want to have a beer with, and he ultimately becomes a leader who transforms the world'. Very few movies com along like this one often and I was hooked from beginning to end. I remember a particular scene while the humans reigned doom on the Na'vi's and took away their promised tree, I had grown attached to these people so much that their pain was shared and Neytiri's expression and passion for her culture was welcomed with open arms.The Na'vi are essentially a huge family with deep ties among each other. It was amazing how open they were to teach others their traditions and were willing to merge 'an outsider' into their family. I can't grasp officially how the creation of this culture was done off screen, but I could truly believe and accept the possibility of there being a culture like the Na'vi out; a twelve feet tall race open to culture and nature. Their world actually seemed more functional and less complicated than the actual human lifestyle.There were a few inconsistencies within the movie, at least there were a few that others pointed out, that I couldn't have really cared less about. Sometimes when you are so in to a movie you begin to lose any curiosity into plot developments and just 'go with the flow'. There were such few, but the ones pointed out detailed the inability of the Na'vi's arrows to penetrate the flying machines in the first war fight and in the fight with Sully as lead, they easily penetrated the windscreens. My theory in defense of them would be the positions they captured in the first fight; it was weak and unplanned and the distance barely gave any harm, especially since they had no clear view of the screens and aimed relentlessly. A second inconsistency pointed out dealt with the humans' inability to breathe without their masks and then we have them breathing without out their masks in the end. My theory to counter that would entail a bit of uncertainty, but on top of that Cameron did list the possibility of sequel movies and maybe all of those would be explained.If it were me alone none of those mattered at all and the best parts of the movie, which is everything else, made me fall for it deeply beyond words. I would forever cherish one of the best couples created on screen; Neytiri and Sully. I admired the way Neytiri referred to Sully as 'Her Jake', which reenacted their love for each other and made me ignore the possibility for them to be together given Sully's situation. What impressed me further would have been the scene where Sully began to suffocate for air and Neytiri hurried to save him. Despite the fact that she realized his true form, she still loved him; she didn't mind holding a small man in her arms. To her it wasn't a small man, but 'Her Jake', however mushy that sounded.However soon the sequels arrive on screen, I would be one of the many awaiting in hope that they are perceived just as well as the first. I actually began this review a week ago and bit by bit, it came along. I just needed to get the words right and made sure the movie sunk in enough and I love it even more.Lexa Reviews http://lexabuti.blogspot.com ___________Five StarsGrade A++ ___________

Avatar was probably the greatest movie i have ever seen in my life. The special effects were jaw-dropping, and i didn't even see the movie in 3-D. But i will go see it for the 3rd time this week, in Imax 3-D.The emotions displayed on the characters faces were incredibly detailed, especially Neytiri. It all looked so real. If i didn't know better, i would of said that they just went to a distant planet and filmed aliens. It looked so real... This was probably the first movie that i actually was disappointed that it ended. i really wanted it to never end. The flying scenes were incredible, and the scenes when the humans interact with the Na'Vi were flawless.

James Cameron is one of the best directors of all time. He is what you may call an Auteur. If you aren't aware of this, then you probably are not a movie person. James Cameron wrote and directed Terminator, Aliens, Terminator 2, and Titanic. That last one I'm not a fan of, but he won Best Director, Picture, and it became the highest grossing film of all time. $1.2 billion dollars.Avatar is his latest film, it is a movie that has been in the works since 1994. After a decade of being in the works, you would expect it to be a good movie. But the real question is it any good? It is the most expensive film ever made. The budget was $500,000,000 so you'll be wondering if all that money was put to good use, and if you should spend $11.00 to see the film in 3-D. Should you or should you not?The answer is that you should. Avatar is a monumental success. It is a film unlike anything you have ever seen. It uses special effects to a level that you have never seen, and that's not a bad thing.The story to Avatar revolves around Jake Sully, a paraplegic ex-marine who is sent unwillingly to a hostile planet known as Pandora. While on this planet he finds himself caught in the middle of a war between the planet's indigenous people known as the Na'vi, and his own race. He must decide whether he should fight for what he knows is right or help his own people destroy Pandora as they destroyed earth. I don't want to spoil anything in the story, so I'll refrain from saying anything else. To put it simple, the whole movie was the prime example of a colonialism work.The cast in Avatar is strong. Sam Worthington (Terminator: Salvation) stars as Jake Sully. He does a fantastic job, but the real credit in the film has to go to Zoe Saldana (Star Trek) for playing the native Neytiri. She creates most of the emotion in the entire film. She preforms fantastically and I also have to mention that she is also really attractive as a blue woman. (True fact.) Some people have complained about Stephen Lang (Public Enemies) as the antagonist of the film. But he actually pulls off a very believable and cruel performance. All the actors in the film are great. But the real actors are the ones that are the digital Na'vi. These actors are the ones that create the film. I think that this movie is proof that special effects don't have to be of just robots killing and blowing stuff up. (Even though that's in this movie.) This movie shows that special effects can be used to take us to places that we never even dreamed of.Other films have used special effects like this. (Lord of the Rings, King Kong, Pirates of the Caribbean, District 9) But none of them have gone as far as this movie has. This movie takes you to a whole new level of film making that you can't even imagine. You almost want to call this movie insane, because of how different and unique it is. You really have never seen anything like this, and that's a very good thing. What I really enjoyed about this film, was how it is a breath of fresh air. You don't see that very often. The only other films to do that this year for me were District 9 and Fantastic Mr. Fox. But Avatar is far more different and unique than these other movies.One thing that I always enjoy about a James Cameron film is his sense of innovation. Avatar is the most innovative movie I've seen in years. It is so different from anything else that you have seen. It is a movie a film that you literally cannot describe. This is a see to believe film. You'll have to see the movie to believe that it's as good as I'm telling you. Avatar is a once in a lifetime film. You will not get another chance to see a movie like this one.James Cameron creates not only a visually beautiful race of people, but also a culture that is so beautiful. The Na'vi in Avatar felt very Native American to me. Everything from how they dress to the musical score is very unique, and made me think of Native Americans. The film was almost like a reenactment of our history, with the Native Americans being driven out of their home land. It's all very believable. It's all very sad as well; and it moves you. I sympathize with the Na'vi as they fight for their lives and their home.I am not a fan of 3D. I think it is over used, and ultimately lessens the movie experience. Avatar however, is not like that. The 3D in Avatar is extraordinary. Little bugs on the screen fly right past you, leaves fall from trees towards you, and the battles are astronomical. You really feel like you're there, and forget that this is a movie. The cinematography is actually enhanced by the 3D which is a rare thing. The wide flying camera shots make you feel like you're flying with the film, it is fantastic.Avatar is a difficult movie to review because it is so innovative. It blows away almost all sci-fi epics out there, and is a must see. See Avatar. It is well worth full-price, and it is the best picture of the year. The only movie that comes to being as good as Avatar is District 9. Avatar however, I will say is better because Avatar has heart. A truly fantastic movie. Avatar is one of the most beautiful movies ever made, it is James Cameron's masterpiece, and it should not be missed.

welcome back, James Cameron, One thing is Sure Avatar will break previous ,the all-time box-office Titanic ...The special effects in the movie is Byond Imagination, and Cameron showed us how to use them. Many of them he invented himself! The love story of Jake and Neytiri also really touching one,plot which featured the conflict between two species, namely the Na'vi of Pandora ..Humans tendency is exploit everything ...its resembles Spanish settlers European atrocities against red Indian's Native Americans comparison between human vs navi .Avatar's origins, however, come from the Sanskrit language Oldest Language in the World in sacred Hindu texts, and Avatar it's a term for divine beings sent to restore goodness to Earth.It is believed that these deities sent avatars — incarnations of themselves in human form — to perform "dharma," or righteous duty, to right wrongs or to restore peace and goodness.And James Cameroon used Blue color which is similar to Hindu god Vishu and avatar Ram,Lord Krsna ! Star Wars,Matrix Trilogy all those Sci-Fi Movies where based on Eastern Philosophy Hinduism & Metaphysics .'Avatar' i epic adventure Above all its fun to watch along with a crowd in theater and not at home .!! It was outstanding,unique,superb,unparalleled and keeps the audience spell-bound even after movie ends.Avatar is a cinematic experience and an event, not a mere film it is Magic only James Cameroon can deliver.

James Cameron has never directed a bad - or even mediocre - motion picture; this is the guy who has brought us such classics as the first two Terminators, Aliens - one of the best sequels of all time -, True Lies - exceptional action movie - and, of course, Titanic. That's why, despite some negative buzz, I was always pretty sure his latest endeavor, Avatar, was going to be something else. Maybe not a "game changer", as many - including Cameron himself - have been saying, but certainly something that we haven't seen before.Well, I still am not sure if this is a "game changer", but it certainly is "something else."Avatar is the most visually impressive and most immersive motion picture I've seen in some time. Not since Peter Jackson released the last of the Lord of the Rings movies has someone marveled me in such an amazing way, transporting me into a different land where - apparently - anything is possible. So maybe the story Cameron is telling is not 100% original, but the way in which he tells it certainly is. I haven't seen the movie in 3D - I will on Saturday and a review will follow - and I imagine it must be impressive, but even while watching it on 2D I can't imagine anyone not being marveled and feel inspired by what Cameron has created. This is one epic, epic film - an event and an experience unlike anything I've seen this year.Performances are quite solid. The real scene-stealer is Stephen Lang, whose Quaritch is one of the most effective villains I've seen in some time. We know he is the villain not only because the screenplay tells us so, but because Lang makes the character his own, a real sonofabitch who knows no compassion and no mercy. He never goes over-the-top and avoids turning his character into a caricature. (Although he is larger-than-life.) Sam Worthington is pretty good as Jake Sully - although his "American" accent is less-than-stellar - and Sigourney Weaver is memorable as Dr. Augustine. On the other hand, Zoe Saldana has a tougher job - Weaver and Worthington appear both in human and Na'avi form, but Saldana's character appears only as the former. No problem, though - her performance - with the aid of performance capture - is strong enough to make the audience believe in her. Like Gollum in the Lord of the Rings pictures, the audience believe in the Na'avi - we believe they are real characters who breath, cry, laugh and can even die, not just a bunch of pretty-looking cartoons.But what about the spectacle? Despite all the drama and the romance, Cameron has actually managed to deliver action-wise - if there is someone in Hollywood who truly knows how to portray the right balance between action, special effects, character development and story, it is Cameron. Simply put, the film is breath-taking. Despite being approximately 60% CGI, there was never a moment in which I was aware that I was watching big, powerful computers at work. There isn't one - not a single one - fake-looking shot. Pandora is simply beautiful, and all the creatures - including of course the Na'avi - are amazing and totally believable. The way Cameron has populated his world is, simply put, worthy of applause - every single plant, creature, monster, predator, everything is credible and awesome-looking, showing that Cameron is talented at both creating great stories and characters and using his vivid, visual and fantasy-based imagination.And there is the difference between a masterpiece like Avatar and a mindless product like Transformers 2: the viewer actually believes in all the computer-generated creatures, characters and locations, accepting them as real and believing they actually exist, even when they appear on-screen at the same time with flesh-and-blood characters. Unlike the soul-less Michael Bay movie, Avatar has spirit and charm, and never bores. Yes, there is action, but it is not mindless because there are incredibly high stakes at hand, and because we feel for the characters. There are a lot of ridiculously tense moments in Avatar because of this - on the other hand, I didn't even flinch while watching Transformers 2. (And if I did, it was because the action scenes were almost incomprehensible.)Since I haven't seen the film on 3D, I really don't know if Avatar truly is a "game-changer" or not. Why I do know, though, is that the movie is one of the most imaginative, visually-arresting and gripping motion pictures I've seen in years, and quite possibly the best film I've seen this 2009. Avatar is not simply a "movie" - it is a experience, something that quite literally has to be seen to be believed. It boasts a smart screenplay, it has believable and sympathetic characters, it's got the most believable and awe-inspiring special effects ever seen on the big screen, and it contains more thrills and emotions that any other film this year. I don't care that Cameron took 12 years to make this film - the final product was definitely worth the wait. I just hope that all the rumours that say Cameron plans to shoot a sequel are actually true. This is one rare case in which I just wish a second installment is actually released. (Hopefully, it won't take 12 more years.)

I was expecting a lot and I did get a lot in the movie. So much so that Vatican felt threatened and made a statement on nature worship and NeoPaganism as they have monopoly on any GOD about some themes in the movie. Graphics is best in class and actually I had motion sickness, personally I may not see more 3D movies because I cannot take it. Let your self roll with the movie and wander where the movie want to take you. Race is shown little bit but usually very abstract themes don't drive home a major point without some simple analogy and analogies are logically related in the sense not in totality, hence futility of people finding race question here. There are some scenes of hanging rocks and holographic screens which I think are for entertainment purpose vs enlightenment of young minds and are truly quite original though journey to the center of earth did introduce the concept. Na'vi's speaking English makes me wonder what point we are making there but let us not hang on that theme because you will loose the effort spent in getting Na' vian language up to speed. Na'vi people are not so realistic but just think that movie is a super hit without that because Madagascar has a better eye coordination with mode and dialogues. One more point, Avatar is an Indian word meaning reincarnated self of usually God or superhuman being and quite well chosen like Yoda (another Indian word meaning warrior from Star Wars). All in all buckle up and get ready for pretty fantastic future like Wall.E, it may be a matter of choice in future to have or not have and struggle.

I don't understand how some people could criticize this outstanding work of art, i never in my life felt so good watching a movie at the theaters and i didn't even watch it in 3d.I liked all of Cameron's work, especially aliens and terminator 2,titanic was OK but nothing to rage about,but this goes on to a whole different level, the scenes in this movie are incredible,the imagination a person has to have to create a movie like this have to be beyond description,not even district 9 comes close to some of the visuals in this movie, the storyline amazing, what else can you ask for. I've read some comments stating that avatar does not belong in the top 250 movies on IMDb, as its numbered 26th i think,well not only should it belong there i personally think it deserves to take first or second place on IMDb's list for the pure genuine pleasure, and Cameron is ahead of time, he proved it in 1991 with T2 JUDJMENT DAY and he proved it again with AVATAR.

Simple as that :-) This movie is more than most of you think. It has the message. Cameron has certainly done his homework.Have you ever heard of Gaia theory - living spirit of the planet (so it is not some dead rock as some of you may think) Or what about the theory of the Akashi field? You have it here. If your soul is evolved sufficiently, you'll feel this movie.What i find absolutely brilliant are not just the spellbinding effects or the depths of the story but the SIMPLICITY that is ingenious.The most simple thing done in the right way can have the deepest effect on you and Cameron did that with this movie (and just the line "I see you" in the movie is a proof how brilliant and ingenious this movie is)A milestone of the movie-making - and the message for the grabbing hands among us

First, he gave us slimy “Aliens” that Sigourney Weaver battled hard as Ripley. Then the cult hit “Terminator” that created a new benchmark for science fiction and followed it up with the smash hit sequel “Terminator 2: Judgment Day” which initiated many in my generation to Sci-Fi and admiration of Hollywood. “Titanic” mesmerized fans of both SFX and Romance genres while it pushed the envelope for elaborate production design.More than 12 years after “Titanic” comes the most awaited movie of the recent years “Avatar” in which James Cameron has created a whole new Planet Pandora replete with new creatures, predators and humanoid aliens that in every way are beautiful! Well, it did cost him more than 300 million USD to make it and another 100 spent on promotion, but the spectacle that you see on the gigantic IMAX screen in 3D is beyond words!! Set in 2154 and 4 light years away, humans are now exploiting ‘Pandora’ an earth-like moon orbiting a gas giant in Alpha Centauri for an expensive and rare mineral appropriately called ‘unobtanium’. Coming in their way are the indigenous Na’vi who need to be relocated from their ‘home-tree’ that sits on a deposit of unobtainium.RDA, the company has already tried its best to convince the Na’vi to move. They have taught them English and tried offering infrastructure. But, being content in their natural settings, the Na’vi have no interest in what the humans have to offer. English plus business: doesn’t this remind you of European colonization in some sort? The air on Pandora is toxic to humans necessitating the wearing of gas masks outdoors. To get around this, the researchers led by Dr Grace Augustine played by good old Sigourney Weaver have developed an alien-human hybrid ‘Avatar’ that can be mentally controlled by the brain of the person whose DNA was used to build it. Here, the idea of jacking into a computer generated digital-self will surely remind you of “The Matrix”!The death of his researcher brother in the Avatar program leads to his paraplegic ex-Marine brother Jake Sully joining up the Avatar program. Played by Sam Worthington of Terminator Salvation fame, Jake is happy using his Avatar that gets him to use his legs. Soon, he befriends the tree living Na’vi and its huntress princess Neytiri. Learning their ways during the day, Jake returns to debrief his trigger-happy boss, Colonel Quaritch.Soon Jake begins to appreciate the harmony and spiritual connection the Na’vi have with nature and falls in love with Neytiri, much to the dismay of Quaritch who attacks the home-tree. Though the script was written a decade ago, I believe Cameron has subtly hit out at the recent American battles for oil that the administration justified in dubious ways. For those who say the script is poor, take this quote from Jake Sully “When people are sitting on stuff you want, you make them your enemy”. Thought provoking indeed! Visual effects are Avatar’s forte as it creates a new world before you. Filmed in blank sets with motion capture, the actors had to act out without ever knowing what it would look like on screen. Sensors on the Actors’ body and spots on their faces picked up moves and emotions bringing the CGI characters to life. To bring his actors up to speed, Cameron took them to jungles in Hawaii to bring them up to speed on jungle life. 60% of Avatar is CGI with only 40% being real footage. What you’re left with is a WOW! While you may not see Zoe Saldana as Neytiri anywhere in its 162 minutes, the nimble ballet trained actor worked hard to make her character so endearing and realistic. The scenes where she trains Jake in the art of war are its best, be it bonding with the Ikran that seems like a flyer straight from ‘Jurassic Park’ or riding Pa’li the hairless horse.The biggest blame that Avatar can take is that its story is too predictable. Man recruited to fight, falls for the local culture and turns his guns around; just as you saw in “The Last Samurai”. But, making Avatar cool are its special effects that seem so real in IMAX 3D.Emotion seekers and script blamers can’t really deny the story’s soft side when you see the Na’vi suffer human attack and they die fighting for nature we have scant respect for. For one, Na’vi lived for everything we don’t. Politically too, the battle takes a dig on the suffering the Native Red Indians went through in the country that Hollywood comes from.On Music, James Horner’s score doesn’t really stand out and has his ‘Troy’-esque feel. Probably, a score that doesn’t stick out as a sore thumb is good enough in a movie that’s all about special effects. As for Cameron and Horner, this is their third venture together after ‘Aliens’ and ‘Titanic’ with the latter giving him his first and only Oscar honors.As a director, James Cameron doesn’t need a critic’s recommendation. He dropped out of college and drove trucks, but Cameron is the super benchmark movie maker with truly gifted imagination and commitment to translate his dreams to the screen. You simply can’t ask for more from a sci-fi movie at least for a few more years to come! The least I can do with my review is to give it a 10/10. What are you waiting for? Go pull out your newspapers or log on to the web, check show times for 3D and book your tickets now! An IMAX would be even better. Believe me, it’s a bang for your buck!

You wanna know something funny? Not even a year ago, early 2009, I was watching "The Directors" on the Reelz Channel and James Cameron was on. I was talking to my friend and saying how he is one of my favorite directors, he has an amazing track record of great movies, but wait, has he done anything since Titanic? I went on the net to check to see what he has done since Titanic and it says nothing but documentaries and he was working on a film called Avatar. I read a little about the movie and then a few months later came the trailer and I was just in awe. I was extremely curious to see this movie and couldn't wait as when we hear the name James Cameron, you can't help but expect nothing but greatness. The man is a perfectionist and it shows, he always goes above and beyond what he needs to do for a film and we got that with Avatar. My only complaint being like Titanic, the story not being the most original on the market, but I can't at all hate this movie. Originally wanting give this movie a 9 rating, I find myself thinking that I can't. This is one of the most visually beautiful movies I have ever seen in my life. My boyfriend and I saw this in 3D and I just couldn't take my eyes off the screen. James Cameron is back and I hope he never leaves Hollywood again as this was the breath of fresh air that we needed with Avatar.In 2154, the RDA corporation is mining Pandora, a lush, Earth-like moon of the planet Polyphemus, in the Alpha Centauri star system. Humans cannot survive exposure to Pandora's atmosphere for very long and use gas masks. In an attempt to improve relations with the natives, scientists create human-Na'vi hybrids called avatars, controlled by genetically-matched human operators. Jake Sully, a former marine, becomes a last-minute replacement for his murdered identical twin brother, a scientist trained to be an avatar operator. Dr. Grace Augustine, the head of the Avatar Program, considers Sully an inadequate replacement for his brother, and relegates him to a bodyguard role. Jake escorts Augustine and biologist Norm Spellman on an exploratory mission in their avatar forms to make contact with the Na'vi in order to help establish diplomatic relations, solve the problem of resources and end the threat of violence. The group is attacked by a predator, and Jake becomes separated and lost. Forced to survive the night in Pandora's dangerous jungles, he is rescued by Neytiri, a female Na'vi. Neytiri brings Jake to Hometree, which is inhabited by Neytiri's clan, the Omaticaya. Mo'at, the Na'vi shaman and Neytiri's mother, shows interest in the warrior "Dream-walker", and instructs her daughter to teach Jake their ways.I had another fellow IMDb user e-mail me a week ago asking me about my thoughts on the movie and he informed me that Cameron has been working on the story for years(many thanks to oldman007 for the info) and just now had the opportunity to work on it. I think that Cameron did a great thing by taking a break from movies as not only could he retire a good 25 times from the money he made on Titanic but we had an opportunity to appreciate him even more for Avatar. 2009 was kind of a lousy year for films and this was the movie that we needed to have that sigh of relief. From the actors, the special effects, the visuals, and the way the story is told was orchestrated like a perfect night at the theater with an standing ovation from the audience as everyone wanted more despite the 150 minute running time.I'm sure Avatar is sure to be in for the run during Oscar time, wither it gets a best picture nod or not, I'm not sure, but from what I've seen this does deserve every award it can get. I feel very bad if I'm over hyping the film too much for you, I don't want people to get the wrong idea that this is the Casablanca of the new millennium, but it really was just a relief that we still have potential in Hollywood to put out a great movie. Sigourney Weaver and Zoe Saldana stole the show and I think the reason being is because Cameron can make females very strong, beautiful, but doesn't over do it with his actresses and always knows what he wants from them and they deliver. Sam Worthington as the leading man, Jake, I was a bit worried as I saw Terminator: Salvation which was like spitting in James Cameron's face, he was the star in that film too and I thought he was going to just suck the life out of this film. Thankfully I was wrong and he pulled in a strong enough performance to carry the film with some incredible actors beside him. Avatar is very much worth the look on the big screen, it's a masterpiece.10/10

James Cameron's sci-fi epic finally arrives having gestated in the filmmakers mind for longer than a decade. Is his vision of the future just as fresh in 2009 or is should this avatar be terminated? There's one thing you have to give Cameron, he is like the postman...he delivers; granted sometimes he may be a little late but if there 's one filmmaker you can always rely on its Cameron. I haven't disliked a Cameron movie to date, in fact I've loved, almost, everything he's done; with the exception of course being Piranha II but let's not get into that. Avatar is a razor-sharp reminder of how epic film-making is done. Not since Return of The King has epic been done on a scale this big.A paraplegic ex-marine finds a new life on the distant planet of Pandora, only to find himself battling humankind alongside the planet's indigenous Na'vi race in this ambitious digital 3-D sci-fi epic from Academy Award-winning Titanic director James Cameron. The story ticks all the right boxes, at least for a Cameron film. It's got good guys with guns, bad guys with even bigger guns and appalling guys with even bigger guns. It's far from original and won't come up at this week's book club. This said it's very engaging and the people, and aliens, involved are interesting. The film goes to great length in order to develop its characters so we feel the hardship and pain when they fall in battle. The film does an excellent job of keeping a good pace. Its near impossible to get bored whilst watching the film and this may have been the quietest i have ever seen an audience. It's an engaging trek through uncharted lands that, while feeling very familiar, is a brand new assault on the senses.James Cameron has spent a long time in incubation, flitting around on submarines, but if "Avatar is a reminder of anything it's a reminder that he's the best the industries got. His harsh, no-nonsense approach to film-making has landed him with one of the most polished pieces of art of the century and for that I take my hat off to you. This may be the most polished movie of the decade, sweeping, epic and ... dare I say flawless? Not quite. As far as the direction goes however, it's close enough and ranks, for me, as Cameron's second best film to date, behind "Aliens". IN the hands of any other director this could have gone terribly wrong; anybody other than Cameron may have played it safe delivering a spectacle, but an underwhelming one. Cameron pushes so many boundaries with one single film that it's hard not to stand up and cheer once the final credits roll. This film has pushed the limitation of the cinema medium and emerged as one of the finest film of the decade. And dare I say a classic? The acting is exceptional. Nothing warms my heart more than seeing Weaver and Cameron united for the first time since she stood toe to toe with the alien queen. She is astounding and gives an electrifying performance as Dr. Grace Augustine a woman split between two worlds. What's funny is the fact that she is not the strongest actor in the film. If anybody deserves a standing ovation is has to be Zoe Saldana who completely transforms into this other worldly thing. If you had gone into the movie not knowing that that was her you would never had guessed she was even human. She is unrecognisable and exhilarating as Neytiri who is, without a doubt, the standout role of the film. Other congratulations must be given to Sam Worthington who shows us that Terminator Salvation was not just beginners luck. Michelle Rodriguez gives a stellar turn as Trudy Chacon and ends up the way Rodriguez usually ends up. That however would be too much information.Now for the pièce de résistance the reason you've already booked your ticket, the reason you're so sceptical, the reason the hype for this film is so large. The presentation. To call it out of this world would be an understatement. It's stunning. Sun all those pre conceived judgement and see for yourself. The sheer scope of the film is impeccable. This film will have you clambering through the jungle on horseback, soaring on the back of a banshee and just when you've taken in the sights and sounds Pandora has to offer you've bee blinded be the beautiful destruction on the final act. Any filmmaker that can make such destruction rather beautiful is a mastermind in my opinion.Verdict: Avatar is far more than a movie, it's a cinematic experience. This is a visually assault on the senses and something that is destined to change cinema forever. It's utterly gorgeous; all backed up with scene stealing acting, fantastic direction and, wait for it, the mother of all battle scenes. Believe the hype; Cameron has delivered one of the best films of the decade and something that will undoubtedly stand the test of time. I'll be waiting in anticipation for the sequel; just don't be too long will you?

OK, so I walked in to movie theater excited for what most have claimed to be an awesome movie. I walk out, however, brooding over certain aspects of the movie that made it terrible. For instance, the idea is that of Pocahontas, The last Samurai, and HUNDREDS of other movies and stories already out there. Beyond lacking originality, the screenplay sucked. Character development was even worse in this movie, as EVERY SINGLE character in this movie is flat,not a single one qualifies as a round character. Many parts of the movie were corny, some of the supernatural aspects were really lame and stupid, and overall the movie had the inability to move or effect the viewer. i must admit the CGI was cool, but otherwise, this was a failure.

You put your glasses on and you're in. A feast for the eyes at least for the first hour. The brain, however, remains asleep. How strange that such an ambitious enterprise could ignore its most important aspect, the story. A rehash of other things with dialogues from a high school play. Also, very self referential. The bitch! from Aliens truly omnipresent. I was surprised Sam Worthington didn't say "I think I've seen an iceberg" or maybe he did say it while I conceded myself a little nap - after the second hour - So here we are, facing a film future in 3D" I will, still, long for characters in movies, people I can, not just relate, but be inspired by, thought provoking and all the rest that goes with it. So, Cameron did it again and if money is at the center of the world, he remains "king of the world"

Some directors go 'further'; some push the boundaries of controversial subject matter, some strive for a new means of expression, some are desperate to make ground-breaking content and others will do anything to be original and unique. Whatever these directors try for, they all dip their toes in the deep end of the unknown pool, and James Cameron is no stranger to these foreign waters.Cameron's filmography is far from a sad story; he is responsible for some of the most technologically advanced and brilliantly original cinema Hollywood has ever seen. From 'The Terminator' (1984) to 'Aliens' (1986), from 'The Abyss' (1989) to 'Titanic' (1997), he has always strived for more than the average Hollywood mega-director, and his latest picture, 'Avatar', looks set to follow in that same path. The film has already been said to be the most expensive film ever made, costing a whopping $237 million, it boasts the latest gadgets and technology, using High Definition cameras and ultra-sleek CGI, and it's been labelled by many as "the future of cinema". So, bearing all of these points in mind, Cameron has got a lot to deliver to a very hungry holiday audience, much like he did with 'Titanic'. He succeeded in '97, but will he strike gold again in '09?The film follows Jake Sully (Sam Worthington); a paraplegic ex-marine who's been asked to take over the role of his late brother in an 'avatar' experiment. This means that his DNA is genetically developed with another being, to form a second life. He's sent undercover to Pandora; a beautiful moon soaked with luscious foliage and filled with mesmerising creatures. His boss, Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) has set him a mission; he must bond with the natives of the planet; the Na'vi. Once he has bonded with them and gained their trust, Sully must obtain a mineral that lives on their planet. This mineral sells for millions of dollars in the United States. But when Sully meets Neytiri (Zoe Saldana); a native of the planet that blossoms with beauty, courage and ruthlessness, he becomes attached to her and the Na'vi people. Now Jake is torn between his mission and his orders, and the planet and people that he learns to love.So, $237 million and 162 minutes later, what are we left with? We are left with one of the most beautiful, captivating and emotional roller-coaster experiences that 2009 has offered us. It totally blew me away, more so than I ever thought it could. Not a one moment are you taken out of the film; the audience is locked in for the film's mega duration, which passes by so quickly. Packed with dazzling CGI and mouth-watering cinematography, 'Avatar' most certainly is the future of American cinema. But it gets better; rather than all the throw-away blockbusters Hollywood has offered us this year, the film's life is in the narrative and character development, rather than the green-screen technology and gizmos. It's not just an attraction on the eyes; you are actually involved with the characters and the overall picture.The planet of Pandora is quite possibly the most stunningly gorgeous thing to grace the silver screen in years. It's plastered with radiant colours, wild flowers, twisted trees, crushing waterfalls and jaw-dropping mountains. I would have happily watched the film even if it just toured around this new world.The film is completely action-packed too; sporting some of the most mesmerising and memorable battle sequences. The fights between the Na'vi and the RDA (Resources Development Administration) are champion.The film also features stellar performances; Saldana is fabulous as Neytiri, Sigourney Weaver is excellent as always in her role as Dr. Grace Augustine, and Lang steals the show as the relentlessly evil Colonel. 'Avatar' is an ultra-brilliant package of proper film-making, and Hollywood glitz. Cameron has had this film is pre-production since the mid '90s, and it's so obvious how much he cares for this picture. Everything is perfectly placed and works accordingly.I'm hard pressed to find any problems with the film; the only thing I would have liked is if it was released in the summer, at least that way there would have been one summer Hollywood hit that was worth watching. But, nevertheless, this film should and will do tremendously at the box-office over the Christmas period and rightly so. Cameron deserves his praise for this picture, because 'Avatar' is so much more than a film, it's a cinematic experience.If you see any films this holiday, make sure this is one of them.'Avatar' is a modern masterpiece. See it.

This film has nothing worthy of the box office receipts is has garnered. Any third grader can predict the outcome after the first ten minutes. The plot, characters, and themes are either one dimensional or blatant rip offs of earlier tales. Even those parts of the movie that are rehashing some of the great movies of history are delivered without any depth or structure. Consider the poorly constructed moral and it can be seen that it could have been stolen from "Dances with Wolves" and others before it, but taken without the bones to support it.Special effects were interesting, but again lacking in any thought to character development. Creatures of this other world were clearly developed in an attempt to make them look "cool" without any thought to the evolutionary challenges that may have helped to shape them.It is possible that there is an intended message relating to the tension between science and religion, but it is hardly worth trying to evaluate the directors message. There is so little substance to this movie that the only possible conclusion that one could come to is that the analysis was not worth the effort.

Snapshot: Avatar is a "visually stunning" movie that captures your imagination with a pretty ordinary story that SOME might find triteWhy I LOVED IT?When people were first informed about Avatar NO ONE spoke about "A Great Story" or "Wonderful and complex Characters". Avatar was supposed to be a treat for the eye, a very imaginative and immersive world. Avatar exactly does that. I LOVED it because it delivers what it promised to!Why is it "Ground Breaking" and "Stunning"?Avatar totally blew me away in the visuals department. Now I know some people are saying that there are many movies that look more "REAL" and have better quality of animation than Avatar e.g. Final Fantasy, but I guess these people are missing the point. Avatar is actually about NOT looking real, it is about showing something that we have never seen or have never imagined (exotic creatures and floating mountains!!!). It is also about meticulous attention to details that we may actually never notice especially when we see the movie for the first time. So ultimately using fine details and imagination of some very creative artists a stunning and immersive world called "Pandora" has been created. What's NOT good? Avatar does not try to do anything new in the story line department. It's got a couple cheesy dialogues and just a touch predictable. It is the same old story told in a new way. But then how many movies that are made are really original today? From my perspective I even LIKED the story but some people with different taste, perspective and expectations might complaint!Who should watch it? I suggest EVERYONE, at least for "Pandora"Who should avoid it? NO ONE! HOWEVER if you are VERY RELUCTANT about "ORIGINAL STORY", "GREAT CHARACTERS" blah blah blah and just cannot get the message right then don't watch it, but then you will be missing something very special "Trust me" on this one!SummaryGo for the movie with the right expectations i.e. "An imaginative and visually spectacular movie" and put other things like a "GREAT STORY" aside. Avatar is everything what it promised to be and that is why I give it 10/10

Experiencing this movie, in Imax 3-D, was simply the best movie experience I have ever had. It is great that there is a lot to say about movies but this should be the fist and most important thing. What did the experience of watching evoke in you? I start this way because I have been reading very much about this movie and I have heard so many perspectives on it that I almost lost the direct feeling of it. Moreover the fact that It is being spoken about so much is to me another indication that this is an important and intriguing film. Of course attention in itself it not an indication of value, but it becomes apparent soon that the discussion is very widespread and represents many views that already are inherent to our society itself. As soon as this criterium is not met we should be aware what this movie is trying to do with us or with a certain group of people. From my point of view such a discussion is not going on and what is going on is a fair and multiperspectival approach to a deeply intriguing and moving cinematic masterpiece (even though the last word of this sentence is a bit more personal).Having said all that what is left now is for me to present my contribution to the ongoing dialogue. As one might have guessed I am very positive about the movie and not only because it was a great experience in a 3-D movie theater. This movie clearly has a message that our world needs. The consciousness that wants to aggressively dominate and control the world around itself for the purpose of profit regardless of the consequences for the world of nature, life and living beings is being defeated in here. And it is defeated by the conscious choice of beings living by natural law, by other beings abiding the ways of the spirit of the planet and by the very command of this planetary spiritual will itself. As such this storyline is a simplified but direct representation of processes playing out on the face of earth nowadays where the aggressive military-industrial (american) way of control and manipulation is being defeated by conscious processes on various levels of existence.My wholehearted thank goes to James Cameron and his crew for this fantastic tale of life, love, victory and hope. Thank you for creating this and good luck with all future endeavours (which I am looking forward to).

AVATAR is one of the few films in recent years that I've really looked forward to. Given Cameron's solid track-record when it comes to sci-fi/action-films, there was no doubt in my mind that this film would be good, even though it's been 12 years since his last feature film. The only question in my mind was whether the film would be great or merely good. Fortunately, it turned out to be the former.I'll start by mentioning a few things that I really liked about the film, and areas in which I feel it succeeded very well: The characters: Cameron invests enough time in his characters so that the viewer actually care about them when the going gets tough later on in the film. Most action-directors put too much emphasis on the action and fail to involve the audience on an emotional level: You couldn't care less what happens to the main characters and the feeling of genuine suspense is severely undermined. AVATAR is an action/adventure film with a heart.The CG (primarily by WETA Digital) looks great, especially when it comes to organic objects, such as plants and the blue humanoid-looking natives. The great attention to detail makes a significant difference in terms of photorealism. The natives move and express themselves in a very convincing, natural manner. Mocap (*) has been used for many years, but this is one of the few films in which the movements (both body and face) look completely realistic. AVATAR sets a new milestone when it comes to photorealistic characters. I was also very impressed by the seamless integration of CG and live shots, and the CG explosions: The explosions were actually created using fluid simulations which made them look very realistic (the normal approach is to use live shots of real explosions, composited on top of CG elements).The directing: With AVATAR, Cameron demonstrates why I consider him one of the best action directors in modern cinema. The long finale, in particular, is one of the best action-sequences I've ever seen. It's dynamic, intense and exhilarating to watch. The rhythm and pacing is spot on. Cameron also slowly builds the film to its finale, and this makes the action-sequences even more rewarding (because the buildup serves as 'foreplay' and creates anticipation).Other things that I liked: The beautiful cinematography and the interesting, underlying themes related to imperialism and the environment. It makes you think a bit after you leave the theatre, and it adds a bit of extra depth and meaning to the film. This is more than you can expect from a typical film in this genre nowadays.It's hard to pick things that I didn't like about the film, because there was nothing that really bothered me. If I had to mention one thing that I was hoping would be better, then it would be James Horner's score. It didn't seem as prominent or memorable as it should've been. Its impact on the overall movie experience was much smaller compared to his score for films such as TITANIC, ALIENS or BRAVEHEART. I'm not saying the score is bad, far from it, it just lacked that little extra.Some people have complained about the simple plot and predictable ending. I personally didn't have any issues with the plot, and I must admit that I don't really understand those who get too obsessed with spotting plot holes and logical problems. First of all, it's not really the story itself that matters, its the way it's told, because film is primarily an audiovisual medium. Cameron's films are simply structured in general and they're easy to follow. But he makes things interesting and engaging to watch because of his storytelling skills. Although the film lasts for over 2,5 hours, I never felt there was a dull moment. Cameron sucked me into the film from the get go and he didn't loosen his grip until the end-credits started to roll.I've seen both the 3D and 2D version. Some people clearly prefer the 3D version, but I didn't feel that I lost anything substantial when I saw the 2D version. Cameron doesn't make the mistake of trying to use 3D as a cheap gimmick, and the use of 3D effects isn't exaggerated. The 3D effect is impressive, though, and the technology has obviously improved significantly in recent years. After a few minutes into the film I almost forgot that I was wearing the glasses: They were comfortable and they didn't cause dizziness.AVATAR is a visual tour de force that really needs be seen on the big screen in order to be appreciated fully. Don't wait until the DVD or Blu-Ray is released: The experience simply won't be the same, unless you have a big, high-end home-theatre.(*) Motion capture: Technology used to capture the actors's performances, so that they can be reproduced by their CG characters.

Quite simply the most astounding movie I've seen as a visual experience.I am in awe.I hope Cameron makes a billion dollars for this truly amazing piece of art!Forget the people who talk about the storyline, the plot, as if it somehow fails to live up to the rest of the movie. This is a great story!--- this is sci-fi on a very high level. Is the story less than novel?----what stories aren't rehashes and blendings of other story lines...? This is a morality tale with good and bad very clearly drawn. It is a disavowal of technology and the greed that drives profit and power, and an extraordinary affirmation of the organic world, the vegetative and animal forces that constitute life.Others will comment at greater length of Cameron's rejection of man's attempt to conquer the universe by technologically violent means-----this is not that different a view than the one that drove John Borman's tale of the Brazilian native people's lives being destroyed by the advancing bulldozers in "The Emerald Forest"----but more than that it focuses on the incapacity of those blinded by greed who cannot empathize with the sufferings of those they are harming. Cameron again is not inventing anything new, but taking a very old human story to very powerful heights. George Carlin would have loved this movie. It attacks some people as shallow and mechanistic, cruel and barbaric, narcissistically destructive... after seeing war movies for years of humans killing one another I must agree with Cameron.At one point the Na'vi are called "blue monkeys" by the humans..... human hubris denigrating non-human lifeforms. At another point the idea that there would be sacred areas to the Na'vi is laughed at by the corporate mercenaries------as if spirituality is either non-existent or only a human trait. Yet in Cameron's world the profit-hungry humans have no concept of God or spirituality at all----they are as soulfully dead as the machines they climb into----while those who live sans technology are very strongly spiritual. They are the essence of spiritual beings fully in touch with the life streaming through and around them.Good v bad. Mechanical worldview v pantheism. Pro-life v anti-life. Cameron's movie isn't about inventing these themes, only the way he portrays them with amazing beauty and boldness. I cannot say enough about the grandiosity of this cinematic effort. It is not only groundbreaking, but the first major step into the next wave of visual entertainment. The glasses-aided 3-D is superb, entrancing. The blend of CGI and actors is as seamless as the sky . . . will this lead to 3-D in home cinema, in TV broadcasting? Cameron is marking a trail that others will undoubtedly carve more completely. Tomorrow is bright with promise.Thank you, James Cameron. I love sci-fi when it is done well, and with "Avatar" you have done it as well as can be imagined, and better than anyone else previously has. A beautiful and timeless movie, "Avatar."I look forward eagerly to your future offerings.

In 2154, the RDA corporation is mining Pandora, a lush, Earth-like moon of the planet Polyphemus, heads the mining operation, which employs Marines for security, intending to exploit Pandora's reserves of a valuable mineral called unobtanium. Pandora's inhabitants are the Na'vi, a blue-skinned species of humanoids with feline characteristics. Physically stronger and taller than humans, the Na'vi live in harmony with nature, worshiping a mother goddess called Eywa.Pandora's atmosphere is toxic to humans, necessitating the use of breathing masks. Attempting to improve relations with the natives and learn about Pandora's biology, scientists grow Na'vi bodies modified with human DNA, called avatars, that are controlled by genetically matched, mentally linked human operators. Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paraplegic former marine, replaces his twin brother, a scientist trained to be an avatar operator, who was killed in a mugging. Doctor Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver), the head of the Avatar Program, considers Sully an inadequate replacement for his brother and relegates him to a bodyguard role.In their avatar forms, Jake escorts Augustine and biologist Norm Spellman (Joel David Moore) on a mission to reestablish peaceful relations with the Na'vi. A predator attacks the group and Jake becomes separated and lost. Forced to survive the night in Pandora's jungles, he is rescued by Neytiri (Zoe Saldana), a female Na'vi. Neytiri brings Jake to Hometree, which is inhabited by her clan, the Omaticaya. Mo'at (C. C. H. Pounder), a shaman and Neytiri's mother, shows interest in the warrior "Dream-walker", and instructs her daughter to teach Jake their ways. Colonel Miles Quaritch (Stephen Lang), leader of the security forces, enlists Jake to bring him intelligence about the natives that could help RDA negotiate for access to the huge unobtanium deposit under Hometree. He promises Jake that he will help him obtain the expensive neuroregeneration treatment to restore his legs.At first, Jake delivers key strategic information to Quaritch. Augustine becomes suspicious and relocates herself, Jake, and Norm to a remote scientific outpost with an avatar link module. Over three months, Jake grows close to Neytiri and the Omaticaya, while questioning his loyalty to RDA's agenda. He is initiated into the Omaticaya, and he and Neytiri choose each other as mates. Jake reveals his change of allegiance when he disables a bulldozer as it destroys the tribe's "Tree of Voices". Quaritch presents Selfridge and Augustine with a video diary in which Jake admits that the Omaticaya will never abandon Hometree. Selfridge decides further attempts at negotiations are futile and orders Hometree destroyed.Augustine argues that the destruction of Hometree could affect the bio-botanical neural network that all Pandoran organisms are connected to, and Selfridge gives Jake and Augustine one hour to convince the Na'vi to leave Hometree. When Jake reveals his original mission to the Omaticaya, Neytiri accuses him of betraying them. Jake and Augustine's avatars are taken captive. Quaritch's forces arrive and destroy Hometree, killing Eytucan (Wes Studi), Neytiri's father and clan chief, and many others. Jake and Augustine are disconnected from their avatars and detained for treason along with Norm. Trudy Chacón (Michelle Rodriguez), a security force pilot disgusted with Quaritch's senseless violence, breaks them out and flies them to the remote link module. During their escape, Quaritch shoots Augustine.Hoping the Omaticaya can help Augustine, Jake tames a Toruk, a powerful flying beast that only five Na'vi have ever tamed, to regain their trust. Jake finds the Omaticaya at the sacred Tree of Souls and pleads with Mo'at to heal Augustine. The clan attempts to transfer Grace from her dying body into her Na'vi avatar with the aid of the Tree, but she succumbs to her injuries before the transfer completes. Mo'at declares that "she is with Eywa now".With the assistance of Neytiri and Tsu'Tey (Laz Alonso), the new leader of the Omaticaya, Jake assembles thousands of Na'vi from other clans to repel the humans. Jake prays to Eywa, via neural connection to the Tree of Souls, to intercede on behalf of the Na'vi in the coming battle. Quaritch notes the mobilization of Na'vi clans and convinces Selfridge to authorize a preemptive strike on the Tree of Souls. Because it is a center of Na'vi religion and culture, its destruction would leave the Na'vi too demoralized to resist further encroachment.As the security forces attack, the Na'vi retaliate but suffer heavy casualties, among them Tsu'Tey and Trudy. Suddenly, the Pandoran wildlife joins the attack on the corporation's forces, overwhelming them. Neytiri interprets this as Eywa answering Jake's prayer. Jake destroys the main bomber before it can reach the Tree of Souls. Quaritch stumbles across the avatar link module where Jake's human body is located and attacks it, exposing Jake to Pandora's atmosphere. Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves Jake. With the attack repelled, Neytiri and Jake reaffirm their love as she sees his human body for the first time.Selfridge and the remaining corporate personnel are expelled from Pandora, while Jake, Norm, and the scientists studying Pandora are allowed to remain. Jake is seen wearing the insignia of the Omaticaya leader. The clan performs the ritual that permanently transfers Jake from his human body into his Na'vi avatar.Brilliant CGI, sound, & vividly showcased in vibrant colors!!! Everyone will cheer for one of the most exciting & innovative films of all time!!!

For the first time in my life as a writer, I won't be writing a lengthy paragraph.When I saw the movie, I cried for two reasons. One, because I am also an artist, and the sheer beauty of its digital imagery stunned me to tears. Second, with a lesson in environmental concern, the simple story of a lost tribe and their survival moved me so much. I fell in love with such imaginary, admirable characters (both human and Navi). I fell for a sci-fi story with a heart.So allow me this reluctance to elaborate further. You just have to see it to believe it. Believe that you are in Pandora even for two fleeting hours, and it will be more than worth the trip.Thank you, James Cameron. Once again, you are king of the world.

*** This review may contain spoilers *** I went into the theatre unsure of what to expect, having read a mix of rave reviews and critical maulings. I walked out nothing short of blown away. As a big budget and big effects blockbuster, Avatar delivers and then some. Great action, spectacular effects and stunning visuals of scenery, communities and machines. I also loved the many subtle touches afforded by the 3D rendering that lent an added sense of realism to the imaginary jungle on Pandora.As a story, Avatar excels. Yes, it has the formulaic qualities expected of an action-fuelled Blockbuster ... extraordinary hero, super amazing daring stunts, love story, conflict, a point of self-awareness in which defining decisions must be made, and that feel-good sense of "YES!!" as the story lines resolve themselves and the baddies get their just deserts. Yes, these Hollywoody elements are improbable. But it's a fantasy sci fi, and fantasy is improbable by definition. However, as expected of James Cameron, there is so much more for those who wish to engage below the surface as he revisits his theme of man's preoccupation with technology.In the Terminator movies, Cameron ably provided us with a retelling of the old Hebrew Golem tale. Avatar poignantly examines the west's longstanding habit of treating technologically-driven military superiority as superior cultural worth. Here, Cameron references the west's realistic historical tendency to use this ideological devaluing of cultures it labels "primitive" as an excuse to behave like savages towards them. However, this movie is not a commentary on the past, but of America's recent continuation of such spiritually devoid behaviour. In doing so, he draws an unavoidable parallel ... if the invasion and destruction of cultures for profit was arrogant and evil in the past, as most of us agree these were, then how can exactly the same kind of ideologically-driven, pre-emptive invasion of countries to gain control of their valuable natural resources be any less so today? Whether one agrees with Cameron's condemnation of neo-conservative policies or not, one function of art is to force us to ask questions about our state of humanity. And in this sense, Avatar functions very well as a work of narrative art.I feel compelled to comment on some of the criticisms I have read. They seem to wholly overlook this underlying message of the story, as though these critics somehow never looked past the 3D effects. As a PhD student, I've observed often enough that those who assume themselves to be the smartest person in the room tend not to be, and the smartest people in the room tend to assume that everyone is just as intelligent as they are. As a movie buff, I'm all to aware of those that dismiss any blockbuster as brainless based on their own self-ascribed intellectual superiority. The criticisms I've read adhere to these ideas. The critics, few though they thankfully seem to be, seem to be so busy patting themselves on the back over how clever they are that they've failed to be at all intelligent.Quite simply, this is a superb movie, visually and contextually. If you love blockbusters, go see this movie. If you love intelligent movies, give this one a chance and judge it by your own standards and movie-going tastes.

I've been waiting for Avatar for a really long time, During the long wait my expectations changes a lot, at first, I thought it would be a masterpiece on all levels, but then after the first trailer was released and all the negative attitude towards it, I became skeptical and thought maybe the long wait was for nothing, I am glad I was wrong, Avatar was truly groundbreaking and here is why:An enthralling environment is set up, with amazing attention to details, Some scenes are truly hypnotizing, Although the plot is not the most original and sort of predictable, it's still very interesting. Emotionally engaging, you care about the characters, I have never felt so much empathy towards aliens living on a distant planet, that is the genius of the movie to put you in the aliens' shoes even when they don't wear any shoes :) I don't really know what to say about the cinematography and CGI, It's bound for an Oscar, no words can describe it, you'd have to see it for yourself. Although Avatar is a little under 3 hours , it leaves you wanting more, I hope we don't have to wait so much for the sequel, and also I expect it to have a more original plot.

Twelve years after coming out with "Titanic", the highest grossing film of all-time, James Cameron has created "Avatar", an absolute masterpiece. Climbing the charts by the day, Avatar has now reached second place all-time grossing nearly $US 1.15 billion worldwide and it's understandable! The movie focuses rather narrowly on a conflict between an indigenous people inhabiting a planet off in space called Pandora and corporate investors from planet Earth. In a rather personal, dramatic, and spectacularly visual way, it exposes a greed far too common here on Earth. Despite the 2.5 hour run time, there is never a dull moment. There is not even a slow moment. This production has fine tuned its focused tale to unwind perfectly. Cameron doesn't waste time with setting as we are trusted to figure out this new world on the go. Avatar is like no other movie. The scenery is absolutely beautiful and the movie explores new territories. It is visually spectacular and more than lives up to its hype. Cameron's long awaited and unbelievably expensive 3-D epic drags you in from the beginning and keeps you in until the end. Unexpectedly, the movie is inspiring and with its groundbreaking special effects, it is one you don't want to miss. You have to see it to believe itand even then, it is still hard to take it all in. Including such themes as environmental destruction, war and corporate corruption and even a love affair between two blue-skinned aliens which is surprisingly romantic and affecting, all in the context of a sci-fi adventure story. The movie is set in 2154 and revolves around a paralyzed man, Jake Sully. Following his brother's death, he is selected to the Avatar program to take his brother's place. He is taken to Pandora, a beautiful destination where the nabi population resides. The humans have genetically bred human-nabi hybrids known as Avatars. The more time he spends with the nabi population, the more attached Sully gets to them and will have to choose what side he is on --- the humans or the nabis?

I was beyond impressed, this movie was good in so many ways that it is hard to know where to start... So I guess it will be with the CG - These were by far the best effects I have seen in an movie, the integration of both live action and animation was seamless, I recommend it to be seen in 3D, because I caught myself swatting at what was 3D bugs flying around. The storyline was long but kept me involved so as not to become bored, and though I was warned it was kind of a "Tree Hugger movie" I did not get that, there was much more to the story than that, and should wake people up to how we should treat each other. My nest step is to see it again in IMAX-3D.

My review is going to be short and sweet. I got out of the theatre 30 minutes ago and Im still in a stupor about the movie I have just seen.This movie connects with the audience in a way that no other movie has. Near the middle and end of the movie I felt an emotional connection with the characters. That has NEVER happened to me with any movie I have ever seen. All I can say about this movie is that it is a must see and a must have. I know that as soon as it is released I will be buying a copy and watching it a couple times over.I know that my review was short but I hope it gets a couple more people to see the movie because it is worth the money.

Stunning Visuals, movie making at its finest and a milestone for cinema history, Avatar is the first block of a new generation of movies. The world Cameron created, will dazzle you, leave you wondering about the amount of creativity, the attention to details, the flawless of mixing acting and graphics, in a truly wonderful, remarkable experience. Its a movie everyone in my family, Friends have enjoyed, the storyline is predictable, but still deep enough to engage you, the environmental and culture messages can not be ignored, and are vividly weaved into the story.The possibilities of movies that will be made after Avatar, is just astonishing, well done Mr.Cameron, you've deserved the headline.

After Titanic in 1997, many wondered how James Cameron would ever try to top that spectacle. Well, its taken 12 years, but he most certainly has, and then some.The basic plot is certainly nothing that hasn't been done before, but so what, almost any movie has a plot that's a retread of another plot before it. But what really sets this movie apart from anything I've ever seen is the amazing visuals.Seen in 3-D, the astounding special effects seem even more visceral. The hanging mountains, the mysterious and abundant creatures (some truly nasty animals that were conjured up from imagination) and even the indigenous Na'Vi tribe... all marvels of CGI.The movie is almost 3 hours long, but it's so exciting and action-packed and a delight on the senses that it's never noticeable. The acting was more than adequate, with Sigourney Weaver, Zoe Saldanha and Stephen Lang probably the standouts.The final battle scene is exciting and a sight to behold. And James Cameron has once again proved himself to be the "King Of The World"!

To be honest, I didn't really know what to expect of Avatar, thinking I'd get along to it sometime and not knowing much about it, but got pulled to the cinema by my kids. Well, I was absolutely blown away. My first words after it finished were: "Great, fantastic and quite possibly the best sci-fi movie of all time." It really is that good and that technically advanced that it raises the bar - not by increments but a whole lot.I might get to a more detailed review and Cameron's use of themes he's used in his past sci-fi like Aliens and The Abyss, his cipher characterisation, but that's just nit-picking detail. This is a complete tour-de-force and there's been nothing like it for its richness and complexity of detail. Go see it in the cinema for the 3D because I don't think the flat screen can do it justice. It's utterly, utterly amazing.

James Cameron, herewith referred to as JC, has done it again.Oh, how I feared that Avatar would be a cringe-worthy snooze-fest but all the reservations have been unwarranted. JC has boasted that this movie would be a game-changer and I would say that on some levels this is definitely the case. The attention to detail of the visuals and the handling of the sound, which are all perfect on all counts, make this a movie experience beyond compare. The 3D does add a little to the experience but not as much as I expected.All in all you are submersed in a world beyond description, a love story which is a little corny but heart-felt, and an experience that makes you forget your worries and woes for a few hours. That is what going to the movies is all about. Needless to say, I loved it.

James Cameron is now finally back after 12 years in solitude, with a new stunning cinema experience not only perfect in every aspect a movie can be, but it is also shown to us in 3D (3D for this movie is Mandatory, it elevates your experience tenfold). To begin with, a story which is flawless, visualized in the best possible way, actors who play their roles with a personal best, the character development is great, you really are taken in by them and after 2 hours it feels like you're a part of this epic adventure. The soundtrack provided by James Horner is the best I've heard for many many years, if not even the best. The digital effects too are flawless, when they told us this will take CGI to a whole new level, they weren't kidding.Focusing on the story and such, I loved the way they showed us the humans. They didn't have any super-über-spacey laser cannons or something like it, and they had to take years to travel there. The gunships too were pretty realistic. propelled, not equipped with a fancy super-jet-engine-like-in-star wars. The aspect of the humans and their technology wasn't exaggerated, and I find that good, since I'm tired of Star wars and lasers and plasma guns and light speed and force fields and God knows what.The first part was a bit boring though, like the first 30-40 minutes when the introduction to everyone is made, but after that it starts climbing upwards, and believe me, the ascension doesn't stop. I don't know words to describe this movie. Perfect, flawless. An even greater masterpiece made by James Cameron. He knows how to make the crowd love all the characters, good or bad, and how to make a movie exciting, detailed and fortunately, how to make good sequels.I know a few whiners that told me this movie suck, and such people is the kind who always have to find something to complain about, like if their opinion would look more professional if they didn't like it. 8.8 is a fact. top #24 is also a fact. Don't listen to these people, at least the rest of the world loved it ;)I'm heartbroken for the scale is just 1-10, I would have given this 15 if I could. 10/10

This movie actually blew my mind! I have to admit that it's quite easy to impress me, but when i left the cinema I was just amazed by the feelings this film left. First of all to say is that the visual effects and the whole setting of this movie is absolutely unique yet and will be for a few years still, I think. The Sorrounding on "Pandora" doesn't let you breathe for several minutes in which you just cannot close your mouth. But this is NOT what makes this movie unique and so awesome! The story is really a great part of it, and gives the film its spirit. OK, it IS predictable, but many tiny parts that are unexpected just give it the suspense it needs. This is no "switch off your brain"-movie!!!In my opinion this film is worth 9-10 stars, I'm giving 10 for the goose-flesh it still gives me every time I see the trailer or hear the soundtrack. This evening I'm gonna watch it again :-)PS: Sorry for my bad English, I'm from Germany...

There have been so many reviews and comments made about this film that I simply had to see it. The fans insist that everybody should see it. So in order to honestly judge this blockbuster I have watched it.That was my first mistake, the second was not getting up and asking for my money back, the third was to allow the film to be force fed to me till the bitter end.Oh good god, where do I start....... breathing is more complicated than this tripe.The horrifically basic story is force fed to the audience at a rate of knots. Leaving most of us, with half an ounce of sense, a dribbling mess by the end.The sheer arrogance that Cameron has shows in this film is quite frankly second to none. It treats the audience as complete imbeciles.The movie is so clearly aimed at the simple masses I have to congratulate him and his team on their success. I am utterly astonished that the public has graced this film in the way they have. How they have watched this and raved about it is beyond me.The CGI displayed in Avatar is OK, but that's about it. Too much like looking at a cartoon. When you do get to see some live action - it looks too obviously different. There has been many a gorgeous film that has used CGI as a tool to further the vision, why Avatar simply hides behind it only becomes apparent when you uncover the script and story in the first five minutes.It is no different than buying a car with a nice paint-job, but no engine. Yeah, it looks great but you try and drive it.This will sound crazy but, after numerous years of planning the final result seems rushed. Like they got to the end, stood back nodding sagely at the pretty CG and thought......."Damn, we forgot the script, story, actors.......!!" Some may think my review a little harsh, but seriously it comes down to how films are marketed and reviewed. If this was marketed as a cheap sci-fi action flick - I may have changed my tune. To push this as the best film ever than will change cinema as we know it..... Come on, let's be sensible..... That was stretching the imagination a little too far. The viewer is already pre-loaded with this expectation of a film that in theory cannot go wrong, yet when you see it....... it fails on virtually every level.If you like movies with substance, avoid this like the plague. If you like movies that are the cinematic equivalent of a lobotomy, with a shiny paint-job, then go right ahead - but don't say I didn't warn you!!

Director James Cameron's return to the world of science fiction cinema is a glorious one indeed. Twelve years after delivering us the highest grossing film of all time, Cameron brings us the sci-fi epic Avatar, a film that is not only visually breathtaking, but also character driven, emotional, exciting, effective, and masterfully directed.The marketing and hype for this movie was mostly based around the groundbreaking visual effects, so I'll start there. I was lucky enough to get to see this film in a digital 3D theater. My only complaint is with myself, in that I wish I had seen a couple of 3D movies before this one. This was my first experience with a 3D film, so I really didn't have anything to compare it against, but all I knew from the very first shot of the movie was that this was going to be unlike anything I had ever seen before. At first it took me a while to adjust to the dimensions of the film, but after my eyes got used to what i was seeing, I realized that what I was looking at was not a 3D gimmick but a world with an incredible amount of depth. James Cameron rarely gets right in your face with the big things in this movie. He is more subtle than that. The things that appear to be directly in front of you (and they really do) are the little things that capture the ambiance of the scene and make you feel like you're there with the characters. The rest of the 3D effect serve to add dimensions and reality to the scenes.The visual achievement in this film is not in the action scenes (which are some of the most exciting I've ever seen) but in the lengths that were gone to to bring this world to life. James Cameron has created a planet, a species, and a culture that work in perfect harmony with each other, and likewise the visuals are in perfect harmony. I'll admit I was a little apprehensive that this movie was more computer animated than live action. To me that usually suggests that a film crew is getting lazy, and that it's going to look like a video game. That is not at all the case here. The truth is that without computer animation there is no other way this film would have looked this impeccable. The planet of Pandora is extremely beautiful and detailed, and the Na'vi species fit with it perfectly. In all honesty, you can in fact tell that the aliens are computer animated. They still haven't quite attained the ability to make CG characters that look absolutely 100% unquestionably real, and in a live action world they might still have suffered the out-of-place look that many CG characters in movie get. However, in the computer animated world of Pandora, they blend in seamlessly and beautifully. This is of course not to downplay the design of the na'vi. They look as real as you could possibly hope for. The nearness they have come to looking real, the motion capture used in this movie, the range of facial expressions and emotions that they show, are all unprecedented.All of that being said, the next big question about this movie is this: Are visual effects all it has to offer? My answer: Not at all. The depth of Avatar goes far beyond the visuals themselves.As with all of Cameron's movies, Avatar is character driven. The central characters of the film are all dynamic, well written, and very well acted. You go on an adventure with them and throughout the movie you fall in love them (or grow to despise them depending on which characters).The general plot-line of the movie is a bit generic but that's okay. No, the premise isn't anything completely brand new, but it's still an excellent plot, and one that is familiar to our society and very important for us to remember. Along with that there are still several aspects of the plot that are quite original. James Cameron took a familiar story, one that many storytellers before him have told version of, and made it his own. Furthermore, this is one of those movies where you predict things because you want to see them happen, and when your predictions turn out to come true it's gratifying. That's not to say that everything is predictable, because that would get old. Don't worry, Cameron has thrown in a fair amount of little surprises too.This film is also as much emotionally effective as it is visually effective. James Cameron is a master at getting a certain emotion or feeling out of his viewers, and every scene in the movie works toward one or more of these effects. It's very light-hearted at times, with a good bit of comedic relief, and then quite intense in other scenes. Some scenes make you fear for the main characters, or perhaps even for yourself. Much of the film is brimming with anticipation and suspense, and several scenes had me simply grinning with excitement.Overall this is one of the greatest cinematic experiences I've ever had. Avatar is groundbreaking, dynamic, powerful, and a ton of fun. I must say it was worth the wait, but I certainly hope Cameron is here to stay this time.10/10

Avatar is quite simply the most outstanding movie experience that I have witnessed to date. It excels on all levels without exception. Anyone who is fan of science fiction / fantasy and enjoys having their imagination tickled will thrive on the vast wealth of original creativity contained within this multi-layered epic masterpiece. Avatar is a movie you don't watch... you live it.VISUAL PRESENTATION: James Cameron has thrown down the gauntlet with Avatar's stunning visual imagery, phenomenal CGI and 3D presentation. The next generation motion capture technology that James Cameron developed and utilised in the production of this movie has achieved a wholly realistic quality. The days of dead-eyes, emotionless facial expressions and general unnatural creepiness (such as seen in Robert Zemekis' Polar Express) are at an end. CG characters are for the first time truly emotionally expressive to the extent that they appear real. The overall quality of the CGI is so high that for the first time it is practically impossible to distinguish between what's real and CGI. Cameron's perfectionism has paid off particularly in this regard.3D OR NOT 3D? Avatar is a great movie irrespective of whether you watch it in 2D or 3D. However, if you want the best viewing experience I strongly recommend you watch the 3D version. Opting to view the 2D version would be akin to choosing to watch Titanic on a black and white television... why would you do that? I watched the 3D version (in RealD not Dolby3D) and can comment that it was a mind-boggling spectacular experience. I have never, ever found myself so immersed within a movie... The 3D is not in any way the occasional gimmicky hey-look-I'm-jumping-out-the-screen-at-you effect of the past. Everything has a truly three dimensional depth... the effect is that of astonishing realism... It is literally as if you are actually there in Pandora watching events as they occur. With Avatar any apprehension I had about the new 3D technology has been quashed, it is without a doubt the way forward for visual entertainment and I very much hope other movies take note of Avatar's demonstration of how it should be done.AUDIO: The music composed by James Horner is consistent with his previous work and superbly lends itself to immersing you in the world of Pandora rather than beating you over the head with a relentlessly pounding soundtrack. Horner provides the perfect balance of atmospheric ambiance where relevant blended with thrill-inspiring pulse-pounding accompaniment to the various action sequences. The quality of the sound effects and mixing is also exceptional. Whilst the music was pleasingly emotive there were also times I was literally shaking in my seat.STORY: The one area that Avatar has received criticism from some is regarding its story. I'm not going to include any spoilers here, but suffice to say that the theme of the story is strongly science fiction / fantasy so if you don't like that sort of thing then this movie may not particularly enthral you. On the other hand if you enjoy sci-fi and possess even a modicum of intelligence you will almost certainly enjoy the story as much as I did. Please don't pay attention to any of the tabloid film critics who in my opinion always try to be too clever for their own boots. Any talk of Avatar's story lacking originality is quite frankly utter nonsense. Of course, there are certain aspects that could be considered similar to this movie or that movie, but commenting that Avatar is low in originality is akin to stating that The Terminator is not original because it comprises what is essentially the standard formula for an action film, namely lead/hero meets villain, lead/hero battles villain through various action sequences, lead/hero kills villain, the end. Of course The Terminator was most original, and so is Avatar. In fact, the extent of imaginative creativity contained within Avatar's story, in particular relating to Pandora and its inhabitants, is mind-numbing. Furthermore, Cameron pulls off a high level of character depth to not only the lead characters but even those of a supporting role. The wealth of imaginative ideas contained within Avatar is more than enough to produce at least one if not two sequels. Let's just hope that we don't have to wait so long for the next instalment. I for one am longing to return to Pandora!

Avatar in 2D: Incredible movie. Amazing visuals. Beautiful story. Great action sequences.I absolutely would go to see it again. While the early movie does suffer from the same syndrome that is seen in so many movies, namely a rushed fake-feeling time-lapse of events in some areas, the final hour is absolutely worth it. I will add the caveat that my feelings are affected by my being a fantasy buff. The druidic religion of the natives, the landscapes, and the general story all hold to the fantasy mold. Including the heart-wrenching fate that awaits the good guys. But that isn't a bad thing. It's once in a generation, if that, that someone writes a story that breaks out of that mold.Avatar was a work of art as much as a movie. The immersion of sight and sound had me often on the edge of my seat. The performance capture used to film the movie lets the Na'Vi come to life in a way no animation can. The incredible eye for detail that went into this movie is astounding, both technically, and in terms of creating the world.It is a great joy to me to see a fantasy movie done so well. It is extremely difficult to capture the essence of a true epic fantasy in the traditional length movie. At approximately 2 1/2 hours, Avatar doesn't cut it inordinately short but neither does it deter all but the hardcore fantasy fans with its length.Overall I absolutely give Avatar 2D a 5 out of 5.Avatar in 3D was a bit difficult to get used to at first: glare on the frame of the glasses, things seeming to be out of focus at times, the fact that the screen does not fill the entire field of view. However, after a break-in period and the realization that some of the focusing is because it's not meant to be in focus, things improved. It pulls your view to a certain aspect of the scene, the same way you have to focus on a particular thing with your eyes. It's just disorienting at first since what you focus on isn't necessarily what they want you to focus on.Also, I noticed that a lot of the movement scenes early on seemed to blur the image, as if it was not updating fast enough to form a smooth image. Through the second half I did not notice this much at all, but whether that is because it wasn't there or because I was concentrating harder on the events, I do not know. I suspect I was trying too hard to see the 3D while I eagerly waited for the movie to progress, having seen it once already.Hopefully in the future they will improve the delivery mechanism (ie, the glasses) and make the experience even better. I look forward to taking the final step and watching it on IMAX 3D! I give the 3D aspect a 3.5 out of 5. It definitely added to the experience, but was disorienting, difficult to get into, and has a few annoyances yet to work out.Avatar in IMAX 3D blew me away, even after seeing the movie twice previously. I can't say if it was the fact that I had seen the 3D once previously, the IMAX screen, the different frame for the glasses, or all the above, but that was an incredible experience! I think the key is to not try to see the 3D, but to just let yourself sink into the movie. Filling the field of view and having that depth of field makes it easy to really get into the action and forget yourself.There's not really a whole lot more I can say about that. 8000-10000 (depending on the theater) watts of surround sound tops off something you're not likely to forget, at least until the sequel! The IMAX 3D experience gets an easy 5 out of 5.

The sheer amount of pressure for one single film from one single man was so immense, that it is a wonder that Cameron even dared to tip-toe back into the film industry for one brief glance, let alone make an actual movie. And yet, it is an extremely rare and beautiful thing that something is created which can not only meet it's former film in pretty much all aspects as well as the pressure from media all over the world, but dare even to out shine it. Yet i have to agree that Avatar, in my opinion, does just that.I cannot deny that Titanic was not a piece of marvel and excellence, and the scale of the special effects as well as the intensity of that infamous jack and rose love story were so remarkable that is was enough to leave most that watched it weep like a small child. However, Avatar gives us a look at a different story of love, and like Titanic, it is forbidden and frowned upon, yet is still heart warming and similarly tragic in some places. The only criticism I have is that the love between Jake and Neytiri lacks that throat choking moment which still holds Titanic in such high regard even today. On the other hand it also must be commented that despite these films being among the most expensive ever made, the story lines do not rely on they're huge explosions and crashing objects to make the movie, because both of the stories are deeper and more meaningful than that and they manage not to drown in the special effects like so many films nowadays do.Speaking of the spectacular effects, those in Avatar are really just that. The beauty of Pandora makes you get goose pimples as the sheer detail of exotic plants and dangerous animals feel so real that you have to remind yourself continually that they do not actually exist. And if you are not as soft as to fall in love with the beauty of the planet, than I'm sure the final battle will make you heart race and you will truly be blown away by the incredible effects that all of Cameron's team have managed to achieve, this really is film making at it's best. Don't be put off by the length or the fact that it's sci-fi because i do not doubt that coming out of that film, no matter what your favourite genre, will leave you so speechless and amazed that the only word you will be able to breathe is 'wow.'

In 1984, he gave us a groundbreaking futuristic thriller in The Terminator. Thirteen years later he gave us the high grossing romantic period piece Titanic. Prior to that, he had the vision for the sheer beauty and amazement of his newest masterpiece, Avatar.I'm sure everyone knew to expect great visuals throughout the movie, but not nearly as much as this. James Camerons new world of Pandora showcases a vast amount of how creatively the mind of this genius works, and why technology couldn't represent it properly until now. Every single detail is carved in such a way that you are left with an abundance of awe from just a quick glance upon the vividly lush screen. Though most films with an abundance of CGI and effects often overlook the acting in the film, Avatar even refuses to make that cliché. Sigourney Weaver is as great as she always is, and simply adds to her accomplishments. Sam Worthington has the perfectly roguish mentality that makes him the perfect choice for the primary role, and Zoe Saldana has made a career for herself this year alone, with her success in Star Trek over the summer and exemplifies her gifted talents with a powerful role here. Th most surprising role in my eyes, however, was that of Michelle Rodriguez as the pilot. For the first time, not only is she given a role that suits her, but she manages to showcase just how good an actress she can be with the right role. While this movie does have its haters, and will obviously continue to do so, one of the most repeated criticisms of Avatar is that it is simply a superfluous futuristic version of Dances with Wolves. I wouldn't necessarily disagree, but do consider this a better film. While the two do have several similarities, the raw emotion infused with grade A technology simply magnify the drama of the plot to an infinite degree. While it is clearly a depiction of the story of American Indians, their life, infiltration, and ultimate loss of home and identity, the obscure version of this tale makes it more impactful on ones mind. The wordplay involved within the film deserves its own applause. From the mineral being called "unobtanium", to the name of the planet being "Pandora", the foreshadowing of these words just continues to add to the depth of the movie. Despite the fact that I have seen several dramatic, historical, futuristic and action films, I simply cannot recall a better combination of each of these major genres, with humor and emotion in my lifetime. It has been a while, both since Cameron has released a new film an I have anticipated a movie for so long( 3+ years), and both waits were undoubtedly worth it. It also borrows from films such as Dances with Wolves and District 9. Ultimately, Cameron's lesson is perfectly taught, his vision is fully showcased, and this legendary film is undoubtedly a prime candidate for one of the best overall cinematic viewing experiences in modern film history, from visuals to storyline and its telling, along with fine acting and sheer brilliance. A great tale of epic proportions from a directorial mastermind that can match the levels of Scorcese and Welles. 10/10.

Science fiction is, at its core, more than just a hypothetical fantasy about our distant neighbours twinkling in the night. It is also a reflection on humanity. It holds the mirror up to our faces and forces us to question who we are; when our aspirations, morals, ideals and weaknesses are put to the test, are we really who we think? And what is our place in the great darkness that surrounds us, frightens and amazes us? To know your own culture; learn another man's customs. It is only by comparison that we can truly see ourselves. And it is also only us, as subjective individuals, that can know who we are beneath our human exteriors. Many of us focus too much on our weaknesses and turn to God/s and religion for love and acceptance despite our faults, with heaven as the ultimate point of approval. Acceptance by someone or something that truly sees us, not only the shortcomings, but also for what we hope to believe that we fundamentally are; good, decent, with the heart in the right place, trying to make the best of what we have been given. Some of us don't believe in God, or profoundly question his/her/its existence. Many fear death, the unknown, never to see, feel or experience anything again. To be forgotten. For ever.So the question becomes: does this introduction have a point and what does Avatar have to do with it? Mr James Cameron is a self-proclaimed sci-fi nerd and - not to mention - a human being (although I agree questionable, let us make that assumption for convenience sake) and just like many of us I am sure he shares many of the same existential thoughts and questions that find their way into our human brains and skeptic hearts. And like many of us he seems to share a craving for adventure, discovery, enlightenment and a curiosity of the world, the universe and the beings with whom we happen to share our short time here on Earth.With Avatar, Mr Cameron manages to address most of these existential questions: who are we? Not in the comfort of our living rooms, nestled in the sofa with a bag of crisps and a chocolate bar in front of the TV, but in the face of choice. The choice between convenience and what we believe in. When all the luxuries have been taken away, and all the shields and walls and layers have been peeled off, do we like what we see? Avatarians have an expression; "I see you", which comes with such a deep ring to it because it is what we all want the world and people around us to do; to recognize, appreciate and care about us and to see that no matter how we might act and react on occasions, deep down we are good. These glasses we desire others to wear when they look at us also have another umbrella term; love. Some say love is blind, but to me at least, real love is not blind, it is understanding. It looks beyond the flaws and recognizes us for all the good things that we are. It sees our actions from our point of view.The story of Pandora's box in Greek mythology depicts how numerous evils were let into our world in a moment of weakness on Pandora's behalf. In much the same way, humanity in James Cameron's Avatar goes to the planet of Pandora and is confronted with a choice; open the lid or let the box be. Naturally, the greed (for money, power, etc) wins, and so, the lid is opened. Naturally, it has consequences. However, just like in the original story of Pandora's box, something else was let into the world when the lid was pulled away, something to counterbalance the evils that had been unleashed; hope. The hope that the good will, eventually, win. In Cameron's Avatar, this hope is represented by a group of humans who are not set out to exploit the people and resources of Pandora, but to understand it. And with understanding comes the ability to see clearly, and with this comes, ultimately, love. Love is not blind, but ignorance is, and ignorance is the root of most evils taking place in the world today.We all choose how we want to see the world. Everything is neutral as far as the universe is concerned; there is no good or evil, no good or bad, no morals set in some sacred stone at the heart of the heart of the universe. Morals are what we, humans, have created because we have a conscience. We have the ability to empathise and sympathise, to see the world through other's eyes as if they were our own.On Pandora, everything is connected; the trees, the animals, the flora and fauna, the past and the present, the living and the dead. If we as humans could be as connected with each other and communicating as much, I believe understanding of each other's differences would ultimately result in the realisation that we are in fact more similar than different. I believe that one such medium of communication already exists today – the Internet. Another one is the media but the question is how well it is working.I think Cameron's intended message with this film is very simple and – I admit – very cliché, but also very true and it doesn't hurt to be reminded of every once in a while; to see what we value and to stand up for it.Plus, it's easier to see the world through another's eyes when it's presented with such smashing CGI...

With a budget like this you would think that, at the very least, basic elements of a decent film should not be lacking. Well written story, passable dialog, above par actors, etc...Well, welcome to Hollywood!!! Those things have been relegated to the past! No more worrying about where that clever plot twist will lead, or that enigmatic character, or those subtle hints and tics in the dialog that aren't in-your-face obvious. Avatar blazes a new trail to where Money and Technology apparently rut for days, then pop out a bouncing baby masterpiece!!! Rad! Where to begin? Stream of consciousness/associative thinking might get it over with quickest. Fern Gully in Space (minus Tim Curry's voice), Dances with Wolves only worse, and Smurfs without believable characters like Gargamel and his cat come immediately to the fore. Pastel overdose.UNOBTAINIUM!!!

I'm speechless... utterly speechless! This movie has earned how much worldwide - over 1 billion dollars? Why? They say there are only 5 scripts in Hollywood and this surely confirms it. Throughout the entire time I'm thinking Pocahontas and believe it or not - Fern Gully. The visuals are pretty to look at with the forest being the leader. The forest during the day that is... because at night the forest turns into a Disney style show of corny ultraviolet foliage and grass that glows when you step on it (a la the video of Michael Jackson singing Billie Jean). Each animal is obviously based on an earth animal, only they have more legs or extra eyes – apparently this is what passes for imagination these days. And the floating mountains - Miyazaki pulled it off years ago in Laputa:Castle in the Sky, in this film they're just plain out of place. The love story is predictably obvious and boring. And hold off on the popcorn as large portions of dialogue about the back-story are forced down your throat in the most unintelligent and obvious way. As for the culture of the tribe... well it seems to be a mix of almost every stereotypical African and South American tribe, ever... rolled into one big ball of naf unbelievable tripe. In short this movie was really a waste of my time and money. And too paraphrase a review I once heard in relation to another disappointing film in recent years - With a budget $240 million this film really needs to be either a cure for cancer, or bloody entertaining; sadly it fails on both fronts. James Cameron – disappearing for another 12 years would be a true godsend!

I had high expectations going into Avatar. Now I admit, it's probably stupid to go into any movie with expectations that are too high, lest they be crushed. However, even without high expectations, Avatar impresses only on a technical level, and on that level only. The story is very predictable, and as I watched this movie I was overcome with a feeling as if I had seen this all before in something in a made for TV movie on SyFy. This is pretty bad considering this is the same guy who made The Abyss and Terminator. I can only say that if you go see this movie, expect beautiful visuals... and a standard humdrum story that you've seen before if you follow any number of science fiction TV shows or just sci-fi in general. Oh, and if this is the 22nd century, why are they still using manually propelled wheelchairs?

Avatar is James Cameron's science fiction epic that has broken the mold for movie making. For years we have been hearing great things about the progress and set backs for this film. Since 1997, Cameron has yet to release a feature length film, excluding some of his work with IMAX and his documentary/3D films like Ghosts of the Abyss. 12 years after he broke all of the box office records with Titanic, the most successful film of all time, Cameron has come back with a bang. A big bang. Possibly the biggest bang in cinema history.Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paraplegic Marine, is sent to a distant planet to follow up in his brothers footsteps. The planet is Pandora. A world filled with strange, magnificent fauna and flora. It's a world filled with vibrant colors, breathtaking landscapes, and a tribe of intelligent life called the Na'vi. Underneath their village lies a rich deposit of a very rare and profitable metal. In order to avoid a hostile takeover, the military has permitted Dr. Grave Augustine (Sigourney Weaver) and her Avatar program to try and persuade the locals through education, compromise, and good will that they are not to be feared. The program takes the DNA from the Navi and humans and combines them to create Avatars. These Avatars allow those whose DNA is in the Avatar to plug in andDr. Augustine's science department is at wits end with Colonel Miles Quatrich (Stephen Lang) and Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi), the forces driving the drilling and military presence. They share one thing in common; an interest in Jake Sully. Sully and has his hands in both pots. He is the only person who can operate his brother's Avatar and he has an obligation to serve his military superiors. Sully is put in the difficult situation of making contact with the Na'vi and giving information to both Dr. Augustine and to Colonel Quatrich.I don't want to go into too much detail about the plot and the characters. That was the one part of the movie I wasn't too excited about at the onset of the film, but as the story played out, I became more and more involved and grew to accept and understand the story. It sounds and looks almost too ridiculous, but trust me, it works.I have seen a lot of science fiction movies. I have seen a lot of 3D movies. Never before have I seen a movie like this before. The clarity in the depth of vision Cameron creates is astounding. A friend of mine compared it to looking through a window, rather than the movie popping out of the screen towards you. I couldn't agree more. Needless to say, Cameron waited just the right amount of time to make this one.What make the visuals so outstanding is the attention to detail on each individual effect. Everything from the mountains and tree tops in the background all the way through the foreground is so clear and detailed. It's astounding! From the very first moments of the film when Sully is lying down and water droplets surround him, every scene has something to wow the audience.The cast has a wide variety of actors, the biggest of which is Weaver. I expected a solid performance from her but I was surprised by Worthington, whose only screen credit I had seen prior to this was Terminator: Salvation. Lang and Ribisi too give excellent performances. Even Michelle Rodriguez does a fine job. The actors that we can't see, like Zoe Saldana and Wes Studi, do a fine job as some of the the Na'vi leads.I felt a certain enjoyment that I hadn't experienced in a long time. It was like watching Batman or Jurassic Park again for the first time. A kind of thrill that you experience on a roller coaster. There is so much to fall in love with here. I would have no problem saying that this is the best movie of the year. It's almost in a class of it's own. Avatar is the dawn of a new age in cinema. Where we are not bound by the constraints of technology. It's proof that if you can dream it, you can do it. James Cameron sought out to create a mesmerizing, groundbreaking film and he accomplished just that and more. The doubters who thought he would fall on his face are now the ones picking themselves off of the ground.The future looks bright for big budget movies. With this new technology and new way of story telling, audiences can expect more high quality entertainment. James Cameron goes all in with each movie he makes. His next movie is called Battle Angel, another futuristic tale about a female cyborg rescued by a scientist. Sounds crazy. I can't wait.

What to say? What to say about this movie ? Its very difficult for me to explain how good the movie was. Excellent Movie. Excellent Direction. Superb CGI Effects. Very good acting especially from Stephen Lang as Col. Miles Quaritch. This movie will be a sure Oscar winner.As the movie goes - In AD 2154, a human corporation mines Pandora, the lush, low gravity moon of Polyphemus, one of three gas giants that orbit Alpha Centauri A, 4.4 light-years (280,000 AU) from Earth. The humans seek to exploit Pandora's reserves of a precious mineral called unobtanium. Parker Selfridge , the head of the mining operation, employs former marines and soldiers as mercenaries.Pandora is inhabited by an indigenous paleolithic species of sapient humanoids called the Na'vi. Humans are unable to breathe Pandora's atmosphere, which is rich in carbon dioxide, methane, and ammonia, and peaceful interaction with the Na'vi is difficult. Human researchers led by Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver) create the Avatar Program, genetically engineering human-Na'vi hybrids. A human who shares genetic material with an avatar is mentally linked to it, allowing them to control it while their own body 'sleeps'. These avatars cost millions to produce and link, so gaining access to one is difficult. Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is a former Marine who was paralyzed below the waist in combat on Earth. His twin brother, Thomas, was a scientist working in the Avatar Program; when Thomas is killed, Jake takes his brother's place because he is genetically compatible with his brother's avatar. Dr. Augustine is less than happy about Jake being there, as he has no knowledge of Na'vi culture and has never used an avatar. (In contrast, his brother had a doctorate and years of training to participate in the program.) Jake's first assignment is to escort Dr. Augustine and a biologist named Norm Spellman through the hostile jungle. The group is attacked by a thanator, a large predator, and Jake becomes separated from the others, forcing them to leave him behind for the night. Jake attempts to survive in his avatar body, fending off dangerous creatures. This attracts the attention of a female Na'vi named Neytiri who rescues Jake. Although, at first, she is troubled by Jake's recklessness, when some floating seeds are attracted to him she sees it as a spiritual sign from Eywa . She takes him to the Na'vi Hometree, the spiritual and geographical home of her clan. The Na'vi decide to teach Jake about their culture.Jake is ordered by Colonel Miles Quaritch on a diplomatic mission to obtain the trust of the Na'vi clan and is given three months to convince them to abandon their Hometree, which sits above a large deposit of unobtanium. As Jake learns the way of the Na'vi, he gradually finds himself caught between the military-industrial forces of Earth and a newfound love for his adopted home and people. AJake is successfully initiated into the tribe after passing the Omaticaya rites of passage to become a Man. Neytiri and Jake choose each other as mates, much to the jealousy of Tsu'Tey , heir to the chieftainship of the tribe who was originally chosen as Neytiri's mate. Jake keeps silent on the human's plans to use force if the Na'vi will not leave peacefully, but when the deadline runs out, a bulldozing machine comes to begin destruction and almost kills Jake and Neytiri. He saves them both by destroying the camera and sensors on the machine.Jake pleads for another chance to convince them to leave and is given one hour by Selfridge. When he reveals his mission to the Na'vi, they feel betrayed by him and they leave him for dead when the hour runs out. Jake stirs the Na'vi to war with the assistance of Neytiri and Tsu'Tey, now the newly appointed chief of the clan. Jake assembles thousands of Na'vi from other tribes to battle the human forces. Colonel Quaritch, seeing that the Na'vi are growing in numbers, orders a preemptive attack to destroy the Tree of Souls, the center of Na'vi religion and culture.As the battle begins, the Na'vi put up a formidable defense under Jake's leadership, but take heavy casualties, including Tsu'Tey, Trudy, and Norm's avatar. When all hope seems lost, the Pandoran wildlife suddenly launch a mass attack, overwhelming the humans. Neytiri interprets this as Eywa answering Jake's prayer. Colonel Quaritch orders the Tree of Souls bombed, but Jake destroys the bombing shuttle before the explosive is launched.Quaritch's gunship is destroyed, but he manages to escape in his AMP (Amplified Mobility Platform) suit. As he proceeds to the Tree of Souls in order to destroy it, he finds the Avatar interface field pod Jake's compatriots had moved and decides to assault it to kill the human Jake. Neytiri, who was riding on a Thanator and Jake's avatar arrive to defeat him, but not before the pod sustains serious damage, exposing Jake to Pandora's toxic atmosphere. Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves Jake, seeing his human form for the first time. Then they fall in love for each other.Defeated, the humans are forced to leave Pandora, while Jake and his friends are allowed to remain. As the humans leave, Jake is seen wearing the insignia of the Omaticaya clan leader. The film ends with Jake's soul being transplanted from his human body to his Na'vi avatar at the Tree of Souls; his breathing mask is removed from his human body, indicating that the transplant is permanent Jake now starts his new life as a Na'vi.So, Hats of to James Cameron - You are great. I am waiting for its SEQUEL.Everybody should watch this. The film is directed by a master director

"Avatar" might be one of, if not the best movies ever made. Like James Cameron's last film "Titanic", it's a powerful and sweeping epic that goes to unbelievable lengths to wow us and amaze us. Some people are going to say that the story is rubbish, the dialogue is trash, and it's only a technical achievement, nothing more, nothing less. But they are wrong. The movie exceeds on every level possible, and while the impact could be considerably less in 2 dimensions, it still holds up as one of the best movies ever made.Cameron has perfected his three dimensional technology, and if you never see this in 3 dimensions, you are not seeing the director's extraordinary vision. I've never seen anything like this before in my life, and neither will you. I honestly have never seen a 3D motion picture in my life until Avatar, and when my theater finally had 3D technology, I considered seeing "Up" in 3D, but decided I would wait until "Avatar" to pop my 3D hymen. Boy, I do not regret this decision one bit.Yes, what you have heard is true, "Avatar" is the future of cinema. It's a complete game changer for Hollywood, and it has redefined the industry. There is no doubt in my mind there will be as many and maybe even more flocking to see this like Titanic 12 years ago. What's even better, is that while it revolutionizes Hollywood as an awesome technological achievement, it also packs a really damn good story, too.It does have a political message, but it's a very universal one everyone can accept: While human beings do some pretty damn amazing things, we also do some really horrible things. We burn down our own forests, we fight wars with each other, and we destroy each other's lives. James Cameron relays a message that is both powerful and a wake up call, and he's embedded it brilliantly into a film that is going to be seen by everyone. I hope this movie changes people, because I certainly think it has the ability to do so.While Cameron uses the technology to wow us, he also uses his story to pull at our emotions. I won't lie, there are scenes that do have the ability to make grown men cry, and it's important to realize that most of these scenes don't even involve the humans. The alien race known as the Na'vi are probably even more human than we are, which even adds more realism to the completely computer generated characters. This does not feel fake, this feels absolutely real. Thank god for that.This movie also runs at 2 hours and 40 minutes long. However, this is not one bit like the other movies this year that nearly push the 3 hour mark (i.e. "Transformers 2", "2012"), and what's funny is that once it's over, you will have wished for more. Not many movies can do this, especially if they are long, but I can tell you that this movie does not drag once, nor does it feel like it is nearly 3 hours. If anything, it feels as though that it is too short. Try getting a hallmark card for that.From its opening scene to its closing shot, this is a truly beautiful, remarkable, and amazing film. There's no other film I would want the first decade of the 21st century to close on. The most important thing is, you have to see this movie to witness the most important part of what will soon be the history of 21st century Hollywood, and we have James Cameron to thank for this. Bravo, sir, bravo.

James Cameron's new movie "Avatar" is an outstanding film.Each and every actor gave a solid performance that helped to enhance the film. Stephan Lang was absolutely brilliant in his role. The characterization was wonderful and the writing allowed you to identify with the characters and empathize with them. It is rare that a Sci-Fi movie has this range and depth of characterization included.The story is the usual Sci-Fi/Fantasy story. Nothing in the main plot is much different from other movies that have tackled the same dilemmas.The world is an absolute utopia for the senses. There has never been a movie with this much detail and fantastic effects with the landscape. Every plant, every stream, every inch of this planet is stunning and wonderfully filmed. The floating islands are stunning, the foliage, the life that the illumination brings to the plants, the colors, this world is beautiful in every aspect.The indigenous life looks real and the creatures also have great character and essence.Digital 3-D is a must to get the full experience. The 3-D makes you feel like you are looking out your window (or doorway) into this world. You see the insects flying around the characters and you feel like you could catch one of the fireflies, you feel the embers of the fire nearing you, you experience the depth perception of entering a room and looking at the characters within.Avatar is a masterpiece in film-making. While the story is typical of Sci-Fi alien encounter movies and the acting is very good---the world is stunning, visually moving, a complete enjoyment for the senses, a visual fantasy and delight, an experience well worth any admission price. Avatar is the greatest visual/special effects movie ever made. I thoroughly recommend it to everyone. Sit back, take in the beauty of the environment, the thrill of the 3-D and the excitement of experiencing flight, riding, and fighting in 3-D.WOW is the word you will use over and over and over throughout this entire movie.Reading some of the other reviews, I am saddened by the nasty commentary that people have put in these forums. It is obviously not accurate about the film and made to discredit a visual utopia. Please do not listen to negative people. Whether you like the story or not---the visual are so amazing that you are engulfed in the beauty of the planet and it's life force. What Cameron has done is to elevate the level of film-making for the coming years and I applaud him for his efforts. Relax, take a deep breath and sit back and enjoy the spectacle.

Sorry to not be with the masses on this one, but I would classify myself as being a little bit of a film buff in the sense that I've watched so many movies, even if I don't like them and know I won't, I'll still watch it out of interest. And this film actually made me LOL at my own criticisms as it was too easy to criticize. Story = humans want precious metal (or whatever), aliens occupy the area with said mineral, humans (americans actually) infiltrate in order to get, infiltrator betrays humans. uh-huh. Writing = absolutely trash, who wrote this again, oh, I'm sorry, I didn't look for his (camerons) name at the end because I can safely say it'll be the last of his films I'll watch. Honestly people, take a slight step back when watching this and you realize that he is writing for the uneducated adolescents who need stupid sentences to understand, or, hhhmm a three minute running scene to show "how emotional it must have been for him to reuse his legs", come on, as soon as he stood up I got it, BUT NO, 3 mins, corny heartwarming music, camera angles of his legs, then his smile, then his feet, then smile, then legs all the time with somebody shouting after him,n "stop, you're not ready to run yet". I mean, does this drivel really constitute as a 8.5 out of 10. Actually, I'm getting too annoyed now. Watch this film and imagine that it wasn't full of 1990's intro graphics from good PC games, imagine them as people acting, and hopefully you'll see some sense. I found one good idea in the film, that's the aliens can join up with the other animals/trees blah blah, but other than that, not one other original idea, I mean, even the female aliens, look just like the alien equivalent of human females, come on imaginations, where are you. Sorry James Cameron, I'm sorry that you made Terminator (which I find is great) and you've slowly gone downhill where you sell into the masses (who shoot in all probability, be shot) rather than trying to make a good film.

Avatar makes the best out of CGI in this live-action, emotional, putting you on the edge of your seat film of extraordinary proportions.Just like James Cameron has done in the past he has brought something new to cinema. He has directed some of the most influential and amazing films of the last twenty years some examples being The Terminator and Titanic. Avatar has now come to take it's place in such high rankings.Watching Avatar is like being on a roller-coaster ride that you just do not want to get off of. When you see it you'll know what I'm talking about. With all of the action, sorrow, romance, and the fight to just be there is absolutely no way that you can't enjoy this movie.Avatar tells the story about a man named Jake that lost his legs while on duty in the military. Now he travels to the world Pandora on a mission that could help him get his legs back. He is on a mining world where what they are digging up is worth a lot of money. However, the natives of Pandora are called the Na'vi and their home is on the site of where they're trying to mine and that is where Jake comes in. His mission was to get them to relocate but in time that starts to change. He uses an avatar (a body that looks like him and Na'vi as well) he uses this body to communicate with the Navi. While he is under their care he falls for the princess of the Na'vi. As he feels more at home with them the sooner he realizes that he must make a choice to side with the humans or the Na'vi and find his true place in life.Avatar is probably the most amazing film of not just the year but the decade. This is a film that you would love to see over and over again.

James Cameron had not directed any movie since being the "King of the World" after "Titanic" in 1998. This big movie "Avatar" is certainly more than an worthy comeback project to again re-launch Mr. Cameron back into filmdom's firmament.When I first saw the trailer some months ago, I admit that I was not entirely enticed to catch this film. Lately though, the film had been garnering nominations and wins for Best Picture in some year-end award giving bodies, including the Golden Globes. And finally, I was lucky enough to win two free tickets to a special invitational 3D screening tonight, so there was no question that I would watch this. And wow, I am sure glad that I did.Truth to tell, the basic story is not entirely new as we have seen it in various incarnations in so many previous movies. However, the grand imaginative vision of Mr. James Cameron is what elevated this piece into the masterpiece that it is. We are effectively transported to a whole new time (in the 22nd century) and planet (called Pandora), with plant and animal life the likes of which we have never seen before.The magical effect of 3D was put to good effect in the whole movie. From the amazingly big battle scenes to quiet scenes, the 3D drew us into this alien place as more than a mere spectator. I found it hard to imagine watching this film in regular 2D. The extra money you would pay to enjoy the 3D is very much worth it.The acting of the humans and the aliens were all very good. Clearly standing out are the good guys led by Sam Worthington (very convincing as both the crippled Marine Jake Sully and his alien Avatar) and Sigourney Weaver (as his mentor and leader of the Avatar project, Dr. Grace Augustine). On the alien side, female characters like Zoe Saldana's Neytiri and CCH Pounder's Moat stand out. The bad guys were a bit on the cardboard side, one dimensional in their wanton greed and evil machinations.This film is definitely a front-runner in the award season in the next few months. It is clearly the leader in the field of Visual Effects. Cameron reportedly conceived this project back in 1994, but only pushed through now when the technology to realize his vision had been developed, and how! We the audience are also effectively drawn into the heart that beats within the story, and get caught up in the adrenaline rush of the action along the way. This is told as only James Cameron can. Indeed, he is back!

When I first heard about this film I was looking forward to it a lot but I must admit when I saw the trailer it didn't really do it for me. It wasn't what I thought it would look like. But as I like every other James Cameron film I thought I would check it out and I must say it is spectacular. I didn't think I would like but it is one of the best films I have ever seen.The visual effects are just amazing. There is no other word to describe it. Pandora actually felt like it was real. It was that good. The attention to detail was brilliant. It just looked so realistic, visually stunning. The scene where Jake learns how to fly looked amazing. The dragon like creatures looked very real and were very well designed. I loved it when Jake and Neytiri were racing down the side of the mountain. The camera angle they got on that was brilliant.The last 30 minutes of the film was just breathtaking. I mean it was all systems go. It was non stop action the whole way. James done a great job of putting that together. It was just so well done. They had some great moments when it went slow motion. That was brilliant. It was just so mad with all helicopters and the navi in the air taking each other out.Colonel Miles who was played by Stephen Lang was the best character for me. He played him so well that he really made you hate him because he was just so brutal. He just didn't really care about anyone. He just pretty much wanted everyone dead. The look of his character was spot on, making him big and mean and having those scars across his face.Also the navi looked really good. I mean loads of people were saying they looked rubbish in the trailer but on the big screen they looked amazing. It was just amazing how they got the facial expression looking so good. I mean when Jake jumped in the lake when he was being chased it looked so real when the water was dripping from his face.James Cameron can definitely be happy with this film. He just never disappoints. Some of his camera angles were brilliant. They were just so clever. I mean the end battle must have taken him ages to film, let alone edit. This film is definitely one was best films I have ever seen and gets me really excited to see what the film industry could be like in a few years to come with technology like this. It is so entertaining and will have you glued to the screen throughout the whole film and wanting to see what Cameron can come up with next. I can't wait to see what the sequel will be like.

Visuals: For years Star Trek, Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, and all sorts of other sci-fi or fantasy movies have been trying to take us to another world. This one succeeded, and it was so beautiful. I swear that I had a religious experience in reaction to the visuals to this movie, probably akin to the feeling that many people had when they watched the original Star Wars for the first time in theaters. I don't tend to get teary eyed over physical beauty that often, but this world moved me to tears from the sheer beauty of it. It was like stepping inside an expressionistic painting. If you get a chance to see this in 3D, do it! If you get a chance to see it in the theater, do it! If you miss out on all that and watch your DVD in an old tube television, well... still watch it, although you might not have quite the same reaction as everyone else. The visuals get an A, and I somehow feel that an A isn't high enough to do this movie justice.Sound: If the sound had failed, then the visuals would have too. Pandora sounded alive and organic. The creatures made sounds that matched the visuals and the music superbly added to the drama of what was going on. A Acting: I tip my hat to every actor in this movie. The humans interacted with the CG characters in such an organic way that I really never questioned the fact that the humans were reacting to no one. Sam Worthington, mixing this with his roles in Terminator 4 and Clash of the Titans, may be establishing himself to be the next big action star since Jason Statham. Likewise, Zoe Saldana's career is on the rise as she just came off playing Uhura in the Star Trek reboot. And then there's Stephen Lang... good Lord, I do not want him angry with me under any circumstances ever. The man was ripped in this movie and looked like he could give Chuck Norris a run for his money. In fact, I wouldn't mind seeing a movie with Stephen Lang portraying a character very similar to his role as Col. Miles Quaritch, but as the movie's main protagonist instead of villain. The acting department gets an A! Story: Normally, I tackle story first thing in my reviews. I saved it for last here, because I really loved this movie, but that doesn't mean that I'm blind to some issues with the storyline.My initial review was too long for IMDb, to read my full review visit tacmovies.blogspot.comAnyhow, this is the archetypal mole goes native story. There are some shocking similarities between it and the novel Call Me Joe, and it wouldn't be the first time that Cameron had been sued for plagiarism, as Harlan Ellison sued him over Terminator, but I still think that simultaneous creation is possible in this instance. Regardless, the story is pretty good, but it's definitely the weakest link in the chain. All of the characters played their parts in making this story function, but I definitely thought some parts were written a bit shallow, for instance (SPOILER WARNING): 1. The Na'vi never once thought that Jake was giving intel to the humans? I think tvtropes.com might call this "Plot Induced Stupidity," especially when you consider that they only let him stay there to gain intel on the humans. Slightly hypocritical, if you ask me. Since we're on the subject, Neytin turned on Jake and immediately never wanted to see him again before the humans attacked and her father died. This despite the fact that the Na'vi mate for life and the two just mated. After taming a red dragon-like creature, she welcomes him back with open arms.Okay, this functionally works to progress the story, but I think a better progression would have been to have the two mate, Jake reveals his mole status and the rest of the Na'vi turn on Jake but Neytin, feeling that strong, irrational mating bond, stands by her man until her father dies, at which point she turns on him. Jake then tames a red dragon and symbolically regains the trust of the Na'vi but it takes a little longer for Neytin to forgive him. At least, that's how I would have done it.2. The evil human corporation is willing to massacre innocent natives to make a quick buck. It's so one dimensional that it's painful. Not to say that it couldn't happen, but I wanted more, and I think the movie hinted at more. In fact, Worthington's character mentioned that the earth had been ruined somehow. If we as a race no longer had a home world and were dependent upon Unobtainium to survive, and the Na'vi were unwilling to negotiate giving us any Unobtainium for over six years (which the movie stated was the timetable the negotiations had gone), then I think stealing it wouldn't necessarily have been the right thing to do morally, but necessary for the survival of the human race. The story hints that this is what's going on behind the scenes, but never says it outright probably because we the audience would turn on Jake Sully if we knew that. In any case, I would have preferred that the storyline be less cut and dry. The soldiers just started shooting. They didn't try a covert mission to steal the Unobtainium first, and the money grubbing corporation didn't recognize the potential money to be made in harvesting the forest's telepathy/soul bank? Again, I thought the writing was okay, but with some major problems. C Overall: You should see this movie. It's awesome. Yes, the writing is a bit shallow at times, but it's still really good in spite of the writing. A

AHHHHHH, where do I start?! I am shocked by the amount of positive feedback this movie has got. I mean, it was filled with nonsense crap. I am trying to write this in the most civil way I can but that's seriously the only word that comes to my head when trying to describe this film: crap. I cant believe how many people actually loved this, I even feel bad for genuinely hating this movie.I am not a sci-fi type of person and I have pretty much never seen a movie of this genre until now. I was hesitant about watching it but because I heard so many people talking about it and with such high ratings I thought it cant be that bad. It was. I mean, the time I decided to let go of my anti-sci-fi attitude, I found myself strongly compelled back to it.I am sure those of you who loved it will deem me as an 'uncreative unimaginative unappreciative-of-art' person. But whats so creative, imaginative, and artistic about it anyway?! Okay, the graphics and all of that was pretty neat, I'll give you that, but that doesn't make it a good movie. I am so bugged by people saying this film was so different and creative because it really really wasn't. What was different was the detail of the graphics maybe, but a film is not to be judged solely on the use of new technology, graphics, etc., but many other factors should be looked into like the actual plot, the story, the true originality of it among other things that quite frankly weren't properly considered, in my opinion, by the 10 star givers. Which brings me to the content and idea of the story ...Flying off to some planet trying to steal crap, and having the star of the movie fall in love of with blue weirdos who inhabit the planet and going against his own race for them, isn't very creative. It's stupid. There is no deep imagination in that, anyone can think of such a story, creatures on different planets, blue people, special trees? Foolishness. The whole idea, the connection the avatars had to the nature, the flying seeds, it was just weird (not good weird). I don't want to be superficial but thats truly my opinion and thats the whole point of reviews, one's opinion. Look at it this way, the avatars, the creatures that coming up with, was supposedly very clever, had worms in their hair. The worms or whatever would connect to the horse/dragon/ireallydontcare and tame them. Wow? Not so much.I found it to be belittling the human brain, not challenging it to look into deeper purposes or expanding its imagination and creativity by displaying impossible stories that would enlighten us in some way and make us think and appreciate and bla. To love this movie and find a deeper meaning or something in it would be an insult to (my) mind. However, if you were inspired by it and loved it or anything in no means am I intending this to be an insult to you. ;p Besides the whole content with all of its absurdity, it was too long. Two hours and a half of blue people running around is sheer torture.I might not have had such a negative attitude if there wasn't this much hype on about it, but I have.I am sorry if this was offending to anybody in any way, it is truly my opinion and I have really tried to like it but to no avail. xD.=)

Wow!!.....what a movie!! To be honest with you all, I'm 26 years old....and i have never, ever seen such an entertaining movie like this ever... its really confusing to put this movie in which genre........ coz, there is action, adventure, emotion, love, thrills, chills.....you name it. Even the LOTR trilogy are no match for Avatar. It has all the right ingredients for a great movie...and off-course my favorite....emotion....lots of LOVE and emotion.James Cameron ain't "The king of the world"....... He is THE GOD OF FILM MAKING. i have only one word for him and his cast & crew.....Awesome!!!Wonderfully executed movie which wont make you bored at all. It will just take you away to Pandora for over 150 minutes without even realizing how fast those minutes went.The technology used was brilliant, CGI animation incorporated with performance capture is something many people haven't even dreamt about. Plus the virtual camera tech & augmented reality system!!!......totally cool....totally awesome!!I'm myself a big fan of such techie stuff and cant wait for the sequels to come in future.....next time, there will be more that meets the eye... Cameron is god..... picturing Pandora like a place seen never before, the flora and fauna, the military gears, choppers etc....animals, birds are all absolutely amazing. And most of all...the NAVI'S!! Making a whole new language from scratch too was a great achievement. Thanks to Paul Frommer. Their is a scene where Jake flies with Neytiri on 2 Banshees......its one of my favorite scenes.....so lovely!!I really wondered the toll it had taken on Cameron and his men to bring these things to life. Wonderful!! Also a superb job done by the actors, without whom, this wouldn't be possible....Especially Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana and Sigourney Weaver....To me, watching avatar in 3d was an experience....Not just pop-corn and friends. And Off-course......The center of the movie is all about LOVE. Love...So much love. And even i fell in love with Neytiri!!...i wished she was real!! Though the story lacked some punch, the 3d experience and CGI used will just carry you away for a ride, without even you noticing it. Avatar is truly, one of a kind movie...that is hard to find and will always remain as one of the best movies for all ages.I believe, that from this much info...you all would have got a brief idea about Avatar.....I can guarantee you all that Avatar will be a feast for your eyes...So people.....what are your waiting for???...don't watch it......EXPERIENCE IT!!And may Avatar cross the 2.5 billion $ landmark and win Oscars as well. And may god bless them all.....

Literally thousands of people have already written reviews about AVATAR - some qualified, some not so qualified - so why would I feel the urge to post my first ever movie review about it? Maybe because it has been the first movie for more than a decade that made me wish to see (or rather: EXPERIENCE) it right again the moment the credits started rolling and the lights went on. Definitely because the overwhelming majority of critical reviews to me seem to be exactly what they accuse AVATAR to be: schematic, one-dimensional, simplified, predictable and with lots of well known content.I agree with those characterizing the story to be simple, predictable and quite an eclectic blend of well known stories, BUT that doesn't necessarily mean that it's not working or even being a bad one. On the contrary, it's simplicity helps the general audience to not get lost along the way and focus on the really new and unique aspects, namely the exposure to a completely unfamiliar environmental and cultural setting. The level of detail Cameron has put into creating this earth-like planet (moon, technically) together with all the flora and fauna hasn't been seen since Tolkien's Middlearth. What makes it even more compelling is that almost every aspect really has a solid and believable scientific foundation. Although fitted with a simple structure, the story never tends to be dumb like in so many other blockbusters, especially those dealing with science-fiction. On the contrary, Cameron manages to pick up quite a lot of current social, political and environmental issues (e.g. ignorance against foreign cultures/civilizations, privatization of warfare, corporate profits before morale and the well being of others) and still makes it entertaining instead of boring.With AVATAR Cameron has proved again that he can not only deliver in terms of action but especially when it comes to telling a simple story in such a way that it's almost impossible to not feel emotionally touched and involved. I've seen this movie several times by now and each time I could feel the same emotional grip all over the audiences, quite a lot leaving the theater with tears in their eyes. Unlike Bay or Emmerich, Cameron has mastered to reach out to a broad audience far beyond the young and predominantly male focus group for action movies and get it to bond with the characters instead of just watching an effects-laden movie.In terms of visual effects AVATAR absolutely is the game changer Cameron had promised it to be. While there have been other movies using 3D lately not one of them succeeded like this one in not using 3D as a mere gimmick but instead as an essential part of the cinematic experience. After a few minutes of adjusting you get completely submerged into the movie and it makes you feel like you are really taking part in an event unfolding around you instead of just watching a pre-recorded performance.Although the use of 3D helped considerably in making this movie a submersing experience it's only second place in terms of technical achievement when you consider the leap forward in creating believable human(oid) CGI characters this movie represents. After being left with more or less creepy feelings watching "The Polar Express" and "Beowulf" where the CGI characters had more resemblance to zombies than to living human beings, I was quite skeptical about Cameron's ability to live up to his promises and was blown away when I finally did watch the movie. Especially the close ups in many emotionally touching scenes, where even the tiniest recognizable artificiality of the CGI characters would have ruined everything (e.g. on dying Eytucan after the destruction of the Hometree, Neytiri hiding behind a tree and watching the soldiers closing in on her or Neytiri breaking up in tears after she barely managed to save Jake from suffocation) did deliver on such a great level that I am still in awe. I have watched the close up of Naytiri hiding behind a tree and watching the soldiers closing in on her from the official Trailer in Full HD over and over again and still I can't see any hint on her being a CGI character.A third an not to be underestimated technical innovation that helped a lot in delivering a convincing CGI environment is the virtual camera that was used to capture the performances as if shot with a real camera in the currently so famous hand-held style which added another layer of realism, especially to the action sequences (e.g. Jake getting chased by the Thanator or flying next to Neytiri when she takes her Ikran for a ride around the Hometree).Regarding James Horner's score I do have mixed feelings. It ranges from well done to excellent for most parts of the movie and considerably adds to the emotional impact in many scenes (e.g. the arrival in space at that mystical moon Pandora, the devastation of the Na'vi after the destruction of the Hometree or the fighting montage in slow motion when Tsu'tey and other characters get struck down). However, there are a few instances, especially the mass scenes at the tree of souls, where the music completely fails and even took me out of the whole movie experience back into the real world for a moment because it did annoy me that much. When the Na'vi are gathered around the tree of souls praying it sounds more like a spiritual hippie happening than desperate and displaced indigenous people praying for help. Likewise the music used for both "transfer" scenes when the Na'vi are trying to transfer the human souls of Grace and Jake into their avatar bodies didn't help at all and made the scenes rather feel kitschy.

What a waste of money, energy, creativity and intelligence. Never before in the history of mankind, were we presented with such an enormous pile of dong disguised as a beautiful and lovely rose. And most people, or sheep, bought it! Have people here lost their minds? Best movie of 2010? Don't we need a story to really feel a movie? To connect to the characters being presented? To stimulate our brain, our intelligence? This "story" was a complete rip off of better movies, with better stories and i feel insulted as a moviegoer. Gimme my money back...There, just had to crap :) Feel better now

The plot is stolen from many different movies, there was only 3 good actors, the characters are either bland or stereotypical, and yet it made almost 3 billion. When I think a film is overrated I usually like it. I don't think of it as Oscar worthy, but I like it. Then there is Avatar a film I not only think is the most overrated film in history, but also on its own without the hype a terrible movie. It didn't have any effort put into the story at all. Star Wars took the ideas of many movies together to create something epic, but Avatar takes instead of being inspired by these things is just being lazy by stealing the ideas. It is an awful movie, but people and critics liked it. Why is that? Well that is due to the effects. Few watching, or reviewing cared about what the story was. All they cared about was the effects. Yes the effects and 3-D are great, but without the substance of a well written story it fails. I don't care if the effects are the best ever. Giving this film a good review based of the effects is like walking to your computer, and staring at the screensaver. You think it looks cool so you look at it. Next time you look up it is 3 hours later. Would consider that a good way to spend your time. No you would not, but you think that Avatar is worth your time. This a movie that is destroying filmmaking.1 star out of 4

Well, I'm going to have to give this movie a full rating because it really lived up to my expectations.We have here a science-fiction epic set on an alien world. It's a classic story of a "good-guy" hero who must overcome a battle within himself to do what is right.Although the movie doesn't exactly have the biggest twists, turns, or surprises, it simply sets out to do what movies like "Star Wars" (the ones in the 70s, and 80s, that is) did... to stun us a little with the latest in special FX, give us a classic "Romanesque" story, and enchant us with a very creative world. This movie did what it set out to do, perfectly... and maybe even a little better than perfect.The world is so detailed, and rich. Every animal looks as if it is real... and everything just matches and seems convincing. The "humanoid" race that inhabits this world is very interesting, and the way the world works "together" is amazing. This may be one of the few sci-fi adventure movies where the computer animation actually works in favor of the storyline. Animals and beings do not look like animations. This realism, this pushing of the limits, is what science fiction is all about.But you obviously cannot have just a beautiful movie without no storyline or character to back it up. There is a lot of character in this movie. All of our human characters, the alien race, and the avatars all equally have great character. And the storyline, although nothing extraordinarily original, is chiseled from "classic" storytelling. Good versus evil... doing what is right... all spun neatly together.What a wonderful escape this was! It was dazzling, and even got me thinking a little about what life is really out there on the various billions of stars that make up our galaxy, and the other billions of galaxies out there.And that's what movies like this should do.

James Cameron once more shows that he knows what he is doing. I finally get to watch it yesterday in 3D after waiting so long, and it was worth all the reviews and even better. I am still in shock from what I experienced. The visual effects and the 3D experience in the movie- you have to watch it with your own eyes to feel the magic James Cameron has captured with this masterpiece. Acting is excellent, you can't ask for anything more than the actors gave from science fiction. Whoever said no love or passion in the movie is mistaking big time, it has something for everyone starting from astonishing score (bravo! James Horner) and love story, big epic, awesome war episode and a unrepeatable beauty of Pandora- WOW. If you didn't like the movie at any point, you seriously need to see your doctor. After coming out of the cinema, all I could think about was to go back in, so that's what I am doing today and probably tomorrow as well. Thank you, James Cameron for the best experience of my life!

It was hard to believe that two hours and forty minutes had passed by the time this movie ended. This movie takes off right from the get-go, grabs a hold of you and drags you on a spectacular ride that leaves you breathless by the end. You've probably seen a few people say "it's Dances With Wolves on an alien planet," or "the storyline is too archetypal/predictable," but those don't scratch the surface. There's so much going on in this movie, and even the shortest of scenes can carry so much weight if you're paying honest attention to it.One of my biggest concerns going into this movie was that there would be 45 minutes or more of buildup before you really reached paydirt. There wasn't, and I don't know what it was about the trailers that made me think otherwise. You barely get 10-15 minutes of introduction to the characters before Jake is logged into his Avatar and testing it out. Like you could see in the trailer, he's simply thrilled to have working legs under him again, and Cameron did an absolutely phenomenal job of capturing what might have been a minor fact were this anyone else's film. Just the look on Jake's avatar's face when he starts wiggling his toes is brilliant.Nothing about this movie is simple; even when a scene appears to have little importance, the way Cameron has brought them all together makes each only a piece of what turns into a beautiful puzzle. The death and burial of an old Na'vi woman whose name is never revealed lasts all of maybe 8-10 seconds, and yet Sam Worthington's voice-over during the part makes it have such a huge impact. It's like the first time you see the creature in Alien: it's only 6 frames but it sticks with you throughout the movie and beyond. And that's the point here: people are going to talk about the visuals and your first instinct will be to think they mean the CGI, but that's not the case. The visuals are stunning in every way imaginable; each small scene is important, every facet of Na'vi life that is shown carries some weight - particularly to Jake - and the amount of work put into their tails, ears, eyes, and the motion-capture used for their facial expressions was worth every penny.The CGI is beyond phenomenal, and what Cameron has done here is kill any excuse by future movie-makers for having shoddy CGI. It's seamless, and it's hard to tell where live action ends and CGI begins much of the time - in fact, you won't even realize you're going from one to the other even when you go from the Na'vi to the humans and back. Even in those scenes where you have both humans and Na'vi on the screen together or even touching, it's clean and beautiful and only multiplies the effect. I was fortunate to see this movie at the IMAX-3D theatre, and it was worth the extra money: all that talk about birds and insects and whatnot flying through scenes wasn't just talk - it's incredible to behold.This movie may require the more faint of heart to bring a box of tissues with them. This is not the type of movie where someone dies and the main and supporting characters just go all crazy with rage and become ten times more fierce. Again Cameron has captured the grief surrounding the deaths of friends and loved ones with a deep intensity that is, at times, crushing (some of the scenes still bring tears to my eyes twelve hours later, and I don't cry at movies). Referring back to the scene I mentioned earlier with the burial of the Na'vi woman - it's very intense, powerful stuff, especially considering that the scene is seconds long and she's never named; if you're not getting an emotional jolt out of this movie then you're truly missing out on half of its power.On the way out of the theatre there were a few people complaining that it was predictable, even though they really liked it; the ultimate point is that Cameron has told a beautiful story, and despite the times when you go "Oh, I know what he's going to do now," it's very easy to become attached to the characters, and care what happens to them. When people die, it hurts; Cameron has established all of the major characters to a point where you don't look at them and think "This guy's cannon fodder." All of them are integral to the story, and even during the epic battle toward the end of the movie, it's hard not to be moved by the casualties of even nameless Na'vi.Cameron is very proud of this movie and he should be; considering his history of Aliens, Terminator, Terminator2, and Titanic, it's hard to just look at something like this and say it's his best - but I truly feel this is. As much as I loved Aliens (formerly my favorite movie of all time), it did not move me the way Avatar did. I doubt any other movie ever will. DO NOT wait to see this on DVD or Blue-Ray; get to the theatre and watch this jewel of cinematography. If you can, see it on the IMAX-3D screen. You won't regret it, and I guarantee that.To parents wondering how children might handle this, the PG-13 rating is mostly due to language and the violence of the epic battle. There's no sex in the movie, though it is mentioned and there is a sort of fade-to-black that's confirmed later on. Last but not least, you do see Na'vi breasts from time to time but it's done tastefully, rarely, and in such a way that it's not throwing it in your face - if you're not looking at the right part of the screen you likely won't even notice.

well, this is the best movie i ever seen. it is almost too good to be true, u get so sucked into it that at the end it's like the time and everything stops. the most impressive and the most balanced movie i ever saw. u know what they say, u get what u payed for, with the biggest budget you make the best movie. this is the kind of movie that will enter the history, next to the other great movie which impressed the world.about the goofs, one looks incorrect for me.Its more of a talk without thinking. arrows on first attack bounce of the windscreens, and in the second they blast them. its simple, in the first attack, they fire upwards, at an like 30 degrees angle or more, from a big distance, and they are stationary, not to mention that the arrows hit the windows at a 45 degrees plus, which makes them bounce, only few scratch the windows. at the second attack, they dive from above, with high speed, adding speed to the arrow (relative to the target), and they also fire from a few meters, and perpendicular (almost) on the windows. if i am correct, in the second attack, the arrows hit with more then twice the energy, and remember, in the first attack they could scratch the glass.they wouldn't make such mistake, this movie was too well done to make any mistake.I saw many well known and wonderful movies from top 250, at least 100, and they impressed me, i liked them. if I would view them now, after avatar, i don't think they could impress me anymore, just rized the standardsit has 10 stars from me, and i cant wait to see it at the cinema. people who rate this movie less then 8 either they really dun like this kind of movies or are total ignorants. You can't say it's crap when it's yellow and shines.***DO NOT READ FURTHER IF YOU DID NOT WATCHED THE MOVIE YET!!! it might spoil the surprise.***i read like 100 reviews on this movie and i noticed 2 major categories of people the ones who give this move 8+ and have a great impression about it, and another, much smaller, which gave it less then 5, mostly 1 stars, who say 'its a pure eye-candy with a crappy story and no plot, it copies many other movies, and its a ridiculous movie to watch'. that kind of words make my inside burn of frustration. i feel like those people are blind or deaf.its like they don't have a soul any more, they have a heart of cold lead, no imagination, no dreaming. it's horrible. this kinda movie cant be rated on 'points' like sound picture and bla bla bla.Something like this needs an overall opinion. the combination is the true masterpiece. Its a wonder. You cant judge a great picture and say its crap because the paint used is cheap.yesterday i had a flick like idea that passed in my head. i think terminator 2 has a very deep secret message in it. that we wont be killed or taken over by the machines. We are slowly turning into machines (in the inside, literally i mean) because of the environment we live in and the daily routine that we get used to. we will be like living machines. no feelings, no "soul", no dreaming, no hopes, just following 'laws' lines, parameters. People like that are starting to appear between us. only a cold blood "machine like inside" being cannot be touched by at least 10% of this movie. I hope and pray this is just a ridiculous inexistent coincidence i made. How can someone not be touched by the perfect balance of that wonderful race with the nature, living in harmony. how can u not get emotional at the sight of those hopeless beings after they're home tree is blown to pieces. how not to be sad that humans are a bit same to those in the movie? and the most impressing, how not to get touched by the way that paralyzed man of steel, marine, realized he fought all his life on the wrong side, and now he finally finds something that worth fighting for, real freedom and nature and how not to get touched by the wonderful ultimate freedom of being able to fly on the back of a dragon like creature, and control it like an extension of your mind, up in the sky, "on top of the world", between those floating mountains "i am not too much of a horse guy, but i feel i was born to do this" he says. from a wheal chair in a metal house, to the top of the sky. and not to mention that in the end he finally gets rid of the horror of waking up from the device that he was depending on to get into the in the wonderland, entering his avatar. His 'soul' is transfered from his human body to the avatar, finally being totally free to live his dream all the rest of his life in that world of perfect balance, full of life, enveloped by nature.I liked how Jake realizes that he fights for the wrong things, when the right thing that is worth to fight for, he was fighting against.Its funny how the colonel says that place is worse then hell, but actually is better then haven. Don't kick the dog! Look in his eyes, scratch him between his ears.Someone says this movie has a soul. I feel the same thing!1 of the most sad things about this movie is that it's just an imagination, a dream about a perfect place, but unreal.

Of cause I already voted 1 to it, but I still wish IMDb allows me to vote -100. Avatar is the lamest movie I'v ever watched. If you watched Dancing With Wolves, which is my favorite movie by the way, you know what I am saying. Avatar is just a sci-fi version of Dancing With Wolves, and of cause a much worse version of that. The story is weak, the characters are weak, the idea is weak. After 5 minutes you already know what is going on in this stupid movie, and you don't need to be a hardcore movie fan to predict the ending of this movie. Other negative reviews already mentioned the every detail about why this movie is overrated, so it is not necessary to say that again in this review. I just want to share my disappointment. Actually what makes me really disappoint is not the movie itself, since there are lousy movie all the time, but the high rating on this movie. IMDb indicates people's favor. And I think Cameron fooled people once again. He leads movie this great art to a lower level not higher. It is so sad. Actually I have to say, as a thief (he stolen whole story from other movie), Mr. Cameron used people, wasted people's time, and even worse he made young director frustrated by the Hollywood movie law--high costs equals great movie. Unarguably, movie is visual art, it has to be beautiful. So it is obviously correct that more technics should be used in movie to make it more visually beautiful. But if the visual beauty is the only thing left in a movie, I have to say, it is not a movie, it becomes a screen saver. So what is the point of a hollow beauty? It is just so sad that most people are cheated by this hollow beauty.

Looking into Hindu mythology, when Gods descend to Earth they acquire avatars to make themselves known by human beings. Of the recent years' TV animation series let's look over "Ōban Star-Racers" from Jetix and "The Last Airbender" from Nickelodeon for avatar concept. In Ōban Star-Racers, the Earth had been threatening by antagonist galactic races and human beings were expecting a savior from space who is called the Avatar. On the other hand in the Last Airbender, avatar concept was completely confused with Prophecy. Aang the Avatar was born in the form of human being, which is wrong; because Avatar is a form of a God which has no destiny, no life, no death. Herein James Cameron's Avatar, the concept is truly appropriate to the origins of Hindu mythology: When humankind explores the planet Pandora, they aimed to search for underground resources; so they send an ex-serviceman to the natives in a DNA mapped hybrid body(which seems like one of them) to capture their secrets. Becoming the Avatar of natives by time, the ex-serviceman saves the planet from humankind, turning against his origin. Exploring a new planet, descending on the ground, trying to capture it by blending within natives, but failing to do so... This actually is the same storyline with a Sci-Fi legend: Franklin Schaffner's "Planet of The Apes(1968)". Still keeping its sense with having the most terrifying ending of all science fiction works ever created, Planet of The Apes has so many things in common with Avatar. The Apes and the Na'vis both seemed atrocious and uncivilized at first. Then we realized that they're in fact very cuddly creatures. Both Charlton Heston and Sam Worthington became beloved with a female native, and we're introduced to their untouched and God's gift virgin nature. Then as in Star Wars and Abyss, humankind declares war against the natives to capture their lands and resources. Another unique similarity between Planet of the Apes is that humankind is the evil-side again. So the same message we get with a deeper self-criticism is that humankind is the one who destroys the nature and is responsible of all wars. Wasn't this the Terminator's message as well, spoken out by Sarah Connor? "It's in our nature to destroy ourselves". All to the good, we didn't lose our World to apes or cyborgs this time.

It was Terminator in the 1980's and then Titanic in the '90s and it's definitely Avatar in the 2000s!! James Cameron is my most favourite director and he has once again broken all boundaries and created a visual extravaganza.Avatar is Cameron's latest magnum opus is probably one of the most anticipated movies since Titanic and now it seems that the visionary director has indeed created a film that'll revolutionise the world of cinema.The movie is set in the year 2154 and is about a man called Jake who can't walk and he is selected in the Avatar program where he has to go to Pandora jungle which is not a planet but it is one of the three giant gasses that is about 4 light years away from earth. On Pandora there are life forms such as the navis that are about 10 feet tall have sparkly blue skin, big eyes and tails. The humans have genetically bred human-navi hybrids known as Avatars. Jake is able to walk but falls in love with a female navi and now he has to choose the side between humans or the navis.The film was absolutely fascinating, interesting, entertaining and emotional. I loved the look on the Pandora jungle and it must be the best scenery in film history and the navis are definitely the best digital characters since Gollum from The Lord of the Rings. The special effects are so amazing that Pandora looks like a real location and you can mistake the navis as real characters. Avatar was almost 3 hours but it didn't seem that long. Avatar already makes it on my top 5 favourite movies and I intend to see it again and I am already waiting for it to release on Blu Ray because I'm sure that it will be one of the best Blu Ray titles.

I just saw 'Avatar' from sridar,our dear theatre.I was astonished by this movie.James cameron is the most futuristic director ever born in this world & Avatar is the most advanced movie you'll ever come across.I cant think of a world beyond Avatar.It shows you the farthest limit of human imagination.The story & screenplay is so superb that you'll scream out after the movie saying 'I am blessed to see Avatar'.Its a masterpiece in movie-making. Don't compare it with classic dramas.Because all the action in Avatar is happening out of this world.So change the way you think.You'll love this movie.Everything goes well in this movie.The Highlight being the special effects.The world 'Pandora' is amazingly beautiful.Sam worthington cements himself to the big league.Joe zaldana was also the pick out.Nice background music thanks again to James horner.All i have to say is three words, Hip Hip Hurray........ 10/10........

How can people always find something to complain about even for the best of the best, always amuses me. What's wrong with the Storyline? Ya, it is something that we have seen before.. No.. I am not referring to the past movies with similar story lines.. I am talking about those Natives in America, Aborigines in Australia, the natives of Africa, the countries oppressed by Colonial England, the oppression of communist China.. The greed of corporates and governments that killed millions of people because they were the dominant ones at that point in History! Yes, where we have seen this story before is in our History as humans!Well, when someone is making the most expensive film of the century and pours all his passion and imagination into it, I am proud of James Cameron that he chose this Storyline and not some silly Military story that glorifies war or a meaningless rambling about the significance of an old and irrelevant book! He knew his movie was going to be watched with passion the world over... What better message can he convey to the world with his movie than saying, men and women of the future! you better see this movie.. Remember all the sins your forefathers committed in this world.. Be compassionate and don't ever do it again!I would say this to the haters who complain about the lack of originality or the lack of emotional strength. The movie does move you if you are prepared to be moved. The movie conveys a message if you want to listen to it! If you think there is no message or that you are not moved, then it is because you do not have the heart to understand. I am sure there are such people in this world. If everyone in this world was compassionate enough to understand this message, why were those sins against humanity committed in the first place!

Rarely does Hollywood produce an epic, and rarely do they fall into capable hands. Not since The Lord of the Rings trilogy has there really been a satisfying epic that comes anywhere near the passion and ambition those films had, but Avatar comes damn close. It's not as strong as those films, but it does have strengths, as well as weaknesses.Are there flaws? Yes, but they're forgivable -- at least they were for me. The story and characters are very simple, and the former of the latter delves into familiar territory. However, despite this simplicity, the audience is given enough time to care for each character, especially when all hell breaks loose.James Horner’s the best he’s been in years. He does borrow from his past work, but honestly, if you haven’t listened to Horner’s previous scores, then you’re not missing out on much. There’s plenty of variety and complexity that makes this score soar when the action starts, and give beautiful growth for when we’re venturing around Pandora and having moments between the characters.The visual effects are certainly where Avatar succeeds on every level. The designs and execution are extraordinary. I first saw this in 2D (because, honestly, the film should be able to hold up in any format to be considered a film and not solely an experience), and even on the traditional screen, the visuals do nothing but make jaws drop. Cameron’s imagination is in perfect form here, and here’s hoping he does sequels.To me, the film never felt heavy-handed or hammy. Yes, some of the dialogue leans towards cheese, but it never becomes self-parody, maybe just a nod to the films of Cameron’s past. Despite the multiple parallels to the Iraq War, Blackwater, and Halliburton, this film was written over a decade ago, but these connections give Avatar a resonating power beyond the spectacle it already is.Even though Cameron the writer can undermine Cameron the director, he never loses us along this journey. There’s an immense buildup to the final third of the film, and Cameron’s attention to detail and storytelling more than allow the audience to gasp in awe at everything he pushes to the limit.The performances are well done. Stephen Lang stands out as the best of them all, he really does a great job at making Colonel Quartich one hell of a villain. Sam Worthington stole the show in Terminator: Salvation and he works that similar magic here. Zoe Saldana is also very intense and engaging in her role, especially when conflicts arise. Sigourney Weaver and Michelle Rodriguez were believable through and through; no one gave less than 100%.All in all, everything worked in Avatar for me. I love the look, and whenever the audience was supposed to cheer, I cheered. At work, those who’ve seen the film loved it, so I’m hoping this word-of-mouth continues at the box office so we get more sequels of this caliber (maybe even higher). Not since The Lord of the Rings has there truly been a worthwhile epic in any genre, and Avatar could shape up to be a juggernaut should there be a bright future for it.

The King of the World has returned! Mr. James Cameron's youngest "Avatar" is a mind-blowing adventure and the most impressive and intricate work of art, I've ever seen.When his twin brother is killed, disabled ex-Marine Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is recruited to aid a mining expedition on the distant jungle moon of Pandora as only his DNA will bond with the alien hybrid body, known as an Avatar, that allows humans to breathe the toxic air. With orders to infiltrate the Na'vi, Jake finds himself falling in love with native girl, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana)."Avatar'" was created twelve years ago by Cameron, but was ahead of its time. Cameron had to shelve the project and wait for technology to catch up to the script he had written. In 2005 Cameron thought he was close enough to push the technology to tell the story he always wanted to tell and went back to work. It cost Jim blood, sweat and tears and of course a lot of money, but the result is just fascinating, mesmerizing. Money well spent.I am really happy that the movie turned out great. Not just for Jim's sake or because it had been a while since I'd seen a really good movie, but because of all the "Avatar" haters out there. All of those people who were trashing the movie before even watching it. They didn't give the movie a chance and let everyone believe that the movie was going to be really bad.Well, they were all wrong and I hope they are honest enough to admit that. OK, maybe the love story wasn't really original, but it worked. However, if the story doesn't work for you, everything else will make up for it. When you watch the movie in 3D it becomes a transcendent and amazing experience that's the closest you will ever come to setting foot on a strange new world. The length of the movie is 2 hours and 41 minutes, but it looked a lot shorter. I wanted more. I just didn't want it to stop. It was that good.I advise them and everyone to give the movie a chance and watch it the way it was mend to be watched, in 3D. You won't regret it!Oh yeah, I almost forgot. When you're watching the movie, it's completely normal to be attracted to Neytiri  Right? Heck even Jim says he's attracted to the Na'vi creatures!

I've seen a great many movies in five decades of life in this "age of media", and I've seen quite a pile of IMAX 3D features as well. Within the latter domain, this movie is really nothing special. I mean, yeah, it's VERY cool if you've never seen live-action IMAX 3D before. All around me during the screening I could hear the new initiates in the audience experiencing the giddy delight that strikes so many of us on our "first time." But what was very apparent to me as a seasoned IMAX aficionado was the difference between the live-action scenes and computer-generated ones. Though still spectacular by virtue of the sheer screen size, CGI 3D still has a long way to go to rival what IMAX cameras can do.That said, the tale itself is simply wonderful. Yes, as other reviewers have remarked, it's an old and well-worn storyline. But then, as many film reviewers have pointed out time and again, there are really only a couple of dozen different basic story lines in existence to begin with, so if you've been around the block a few times as I have, they all look pretty familiar in one way or another. However, what sets Avatar apart is that it an essential parable for our times . . . and if you are TRULY willing to look and listen, you will find it resonating within you at a level that goes far, far beyond the messaging of messaging of even the best of Hollywood's standard film-fare. Cameron has a way of reaching to an emotional depth in the sapient viewer's soul that nobody else in cinema comes close to. And upon this power he overlays a subtle yet vital message to which we simply must pay attention. For that reason alone, Avatar is an absolute must-see for all.

Watching Avatar felt like watching Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park or Star Wars for the first time when I was a kid. Back then I didn't even really realize I was watching a movie, I felt more like one of the characters and a part of the story. Watching Avatar was like that. The 3D technology Cameron has perfected over the years makes you dive into the story so deep, you feel everything more effectively, just like when you were a child. After the movie was over my body was shaking and my heart was bounding from excitement. There's that feeling, that high again, the reason why I love movies above all thing.Avatar is director James Cameron's first film in 12 years after Titanic, which was the most expensive movie of it's time. So true to his grand style Avatar is no exception. It is clear from the start that this movie was very expensive. That being said, Cameron is one of those people who knows how to spend money wisely and in the right places. In this movie the money has gone mostly to CGI. And God knows how much money is spend on enhancing the 3D technology alone. I say money well spent, because Avatar is not only one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen, but it is also a major breakthrough in 3D technology. The movie is so beautiful in fact that at times I was moved to near tears just by it's beauty alone.Although Avatar is highly entertaining it is also very anti-war and green. I might even say that the movie has a conscience. I truly admire the highly imaginative world Cameron has created for Avatar. It feels like he has thought of every tiny little thing. It's not every day you get to see a bunch of blue people running around half naked in the jungle and not think it's completely ridiculous. And this is one of those days.I'm not saying that the movie is flawless or that there were no negatives, sure they were. A cynic might even say that Avatar is a movie filled with crazy patriotic soldiers, bad dialog and a bunch of tree huggers. But who cares when you feel like you've just been injected with a doze of the most exquisite movie heroin. The only really negative thing about Avatar is that the movie is not meant to be watched in 2D or from you shitty TV screen, no matter how big it is. I'm already a little sad that I will never be able to see Avatar again, at least not in the right way, unless I go to the theater again.Oh wait, what's that ringing sound? Oh, it's the Oscar bells.

I went today with my husband and two sons simply because I didn't want to be left out. After all, I thought it was just a bunch of blue aliens jumping and flying around. I also do not enjoy wearing the 3-D glasses as they give me a headache. Then I saw that it was 2 hours and 40 minutes of wearing those glasses and watching blue aliens. Needless to say, I had extremely low expectations. I'm not one of the people that has been following and anticipating this movie for years.As it so happened, I absolutely was mesmerized by this movie. I loved the plot. I'm sitting there thinking someone had to have been on crack to come up with the world of Pandora due to how creative it was. I really want to go there and fly on those dragon-like things. I thought the transformation of Jake was so cool. The 3-D effects were amazing, but I would have definitely enjoyed this movie without it.In fact, I have only seen one other movie more than once in the theatre and it was Titanic...another James Cameron movie. I can tell you that I will see this one again and I can hardly wait to buy the Blue-Ray disk and see all the extras on how they made the movie. That will be awesome!

Avatar, undoubtedly an amazing experience, will redefine the boundaries of modern cinema. The magnum opus of the master craftsman James Cameroon delivers magical screen realization to innovative imagination. It took over a decade for the fast-paced technology to catch up to brilliant imaginations of James Cameroon.It is the movie of the decade in terms of cinematic imagination (even crossing the earlier standards set by LOTR trilogy) and movie of the generation in terms of CG. The advantage of Avatar is that the movie not only revolves around the hype of $300 million and IMAX 3D, but has an involving political statement. It brings into light, three major issues. Firstly, the movie itself stands as metaphor of the US invasion of Iraq. Secondly it unveils imperialism's cold blooded face in disrespecting and demolishing cultures. Lastly it has a profound green political statement that insists on bio-diversification. Even though it doesn't indulge itself into individualist philosophies, Avatar is not philosophically void. It is illuminated (like the illuminating insects and plants of Pandora) by the philosophy of universal identity believed by the Na'vi tribe. The concept of Eywa really matches with the base theory of coexistence of many human civilizations. Some may say story of Avatar is old wine (pointing Dances with wolves, The Last Samurai and all). But, the invasion on aboriginal cultures and human civilizations by imperialist powers is repetitive - it happened during civil war, it happens in Iraq. So the story isn't loosing its relevance but deserves the retelling.But beyond all this, the breathtaking visuals will steal the show and will surely leave you with a once in a lifetime cinematic experience. The thrilling action sequences in sky, mammoth animals , legendary Hallelujah Mountains of Pandora, and scenes in which Jake tames the flying dragon bird -Mountain Banshee and biggest creature in sky -Toruk, all leaves a mark in history of cinematic visuals. It is the CG that even shadows the 3D. but don't miss the show in 3D as not seeing this movie in 3D will be the greatest loss. Hats off to the one man - James Cameroon, who imagined the unimaginable and realized the impossible. Avatar makes the sci-fi cinema so far, paraplegic as the protagonist Jake Sully in human form and a new era of visual entertainment starting from this movie, as mind blowing as the blue Avatar itself.

I just came home 5 minutes ago from seeing an early morning showing in 3D. My expectations were pretty high in seeing this movie as lets face it, it's James Cameron. James has consistently made great films through his career and he's tried to better himself every time, but still maintaining to entertain the audience. This time round he have excelled in every aspect of film-making.Right, down to the film. All the backlash from the first teasers were forgot within the first 30 minutes of viewing, and I'll never listen to critics in the future ever again. How wrong they were. Sure there were elements of other films like Dances with Wolves, but I saw greater connections with the Final Fantasy VII game. I'm not even prepared to say that the comparisons are a bad thing, as this film (in my opinion) is greater than anything it will be compared to. A bold statement I know.Now Pandora is a world needed to be seen in 3D, I'm sure the 2D version will be a great movie, but you won't feel like you are actually there. The realism in the visuals is far greater than anything I have ever seen, the CG characters make Gollum look like Roger Rabbit. The world appears real like our own and you connect and feel for the place and its inhabitants towards the end. I really wanted it to be as real as it seemed.If you are familiar with the plot, you will be please to know that any political statement made, its not one forced upon us throughout, its subtle, but the message is clear. As the audience, you are allowed to forget about our own world troubles and be part of an amazing adventure that will stay in your mind for a long time. Bravo James Cameron.

This movie is perhaps one of the most spectacular I have ever seen. Throughout all three hours or so, I was held spellbound by the scenery, action, and storyline of James Cameron's dream. I do not think I glanced at my watch once throughout it, and I can honestly say that I didn't want it to end.First: the visual effects were absolutely stunning. James Cameron did not just create a world; he created an entire ecosystem that could be plausible if we didn't know better. The first time the Na'vi were seen, the person I was with leaned over and asked me if they were costumes or special effects, they were that real. The Hallelujah Mountains looked amazing, and the wildlife, although it would be frightening in real life, was just stunning.Second: the themes were great. Although stone-hearted critics (like the ones on here who gave it a 1/10) may argue that it was unoriginal and a direct copy of other movies, there are very few movies coming out nowadays that you couldn't say that about. I noted themes in this from several different movies, the most prominent being Dances with Wolves, but that wasn't the only one. It also took a theme out of real life: people destroying the environment for such petty things as money. The reality of it is one of the most disturbing things in that film.Third: the storyline was great. It does have similarities to Dances with Wolves, but there was so much more to it than that that you really could not say they were the same thing. Dances with Wolves did not go into the training nearly as much as this did. There are several others, but I won't name them all.Basically, this film is about as epic as you can get, and shame on all of you who think it was bad because it took themes from other movies and enhanced them. You will never find a movie that doesn't.

James Cameron is a force of nature. His movies have an all-encompassing, ambient power of their own. The kind of power that makes a James Cameron movie a bigger deal than everything else. Avatar is his biggest yet. Every Cameron trope is out in full force: Bad-ass chicks, space marines, over-the-top action, and a sweeping love story. Avatar is in many ways an amalgamation of everything that makes James Cameron a unique voice in Hollywood. Elements of Terminator, Aliens, The Abyss, True Lies, and Titanic are distilled here into a visionary masterwork of classic epic filmmaking and cutting-edge technology.Avatar's ambitious story follows Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) as he travels to the rainforest planet of Pandora to replace his late brother in the Avatar program, which allows certain humans to inhabit a body that resembles that of Pandora's native humanoids, the Na'vi. The leader of the program, Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver), hopes to use avatars to peacefully interact with the natives. Meanwhile, others, including the greedy CEO, Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi) and the military leader, Miles Quaritch (Stephen Lang) look to exploit the Na'vi for a precious resource called unobtanium. Jake Sully is caught between these two worlds when he meets Neytiri (Zoe Saldana), a blue-skinned Pocahontas who introduces him to her culture.Jake's inner conflict drives Avatar's story, and structurally, it works. Yes, it borrows a lot from Dances with Wolves. Learning from and becoming part of another culture is nothing new, but Avatar presents this classic tale in a fresh way. As a paraplegic, Sully's avatar allows him freedom. It gives him a genuine reason to view Na'vi life as an opportunity to start anew. I can buy it. And once the two sides of him finally clash, the power of that conflict really hits. It's a tangibly large story. Epic and engrossing. The effectiveness of that simple story, well told, of connecting with your supposed enemies is why I resent the disingenuous love story Cameron decided to put front and center.Before I get to the lavish praise of Avatar, which I consider one of the most special movie experiences of the century, I must address my one nagging grievance. The love story, the Neytiri character, and all the preachy "bio-spiritual" fluff that comes with her, irked me. James Cameron has never been known for subtle characters, and Avatar doesn't change that. Dr. Augustine is a tough-talking scientist with a penchant for cigarettes, Colonel Quaritch is a hard-as-steel military grunt with a giant scar across his face, and the CEO practices golf in his office. The point is, these are bold-faced archetypes. Neytiri is no different. She's a tree-hugging, flower-power philosopher. That's fine, but Zoe Saldana's performance has none of Stephen Lang's towering vitality or Weaver's cool confidence. It's all screeching and posturing. She's shrill and angry, and her spirituality quickly devolves into a full-on castigation of the evils of military conquest and deforestation. Shouldn't this spiritual guide be a little more even-keeled? I never believed that Jake would fall for her. Compared to Cameron's other movie romance, Titanic, Avatar seems manufactured. Neytiri is less a character than she is a face on which to pin the movie's heavy-handed message.With that out of the way, let's get to what makes Avatar the single most monumental cinematic achievement of this generation. James Cameron creates, in Pandora, the most rich, realistic, and fully realized fictional world in the history of cinema. From a design standpoint alone, the imagination ingrained in the animals, plants, and vehicles is absolutely staggering. Pandora is miles ahead of everything else in terms of diversity of life, and what's really astounding is that with all these varied alien elements, Cameron somehow makes this place real. From the high-tech, lived-in military bases to the elaborate Na'vi culture, with its palpable sense of history, Cameron's attention to detail in Avatar is revolutionary.So too are his technical innovations. The movie is remembered most for it's pioneering use of 3D, and rightfully so. Implemented alongside the uncanny photo-realism of the Na'vi's, the creatures, the mountain-sized trees, and the bio-luminous plants, the 3D is more transporting than anything I have ever seen. All the superlatives in the world can't completely do justice to the Weta team that brought Cameron's gargantuan vision to reality, so I won't bother. The truly commendable aspect of Avatar is not that the special effects are so sophisticated, but that you forget that what you are watching are indeed special effects. Avatar uses 3D to immerse rather than amuse. You are absorbed in the world of Pandora so completely, that it cuts across the divide we have with most films. You don't watch Avatar, you live it, feel it, experience it.That feeling of absolute immersion is what defines Avatar. It's a movie, with plot, characters, and a story, but that stuff doesn't matter as much as the physical sensation it creates of actually being in a brand-new world. It's true, Jake Sully is less important than Pandora. But those who dismiss Avatar as simply "pretty pictures" are undervaluing the impact of James Cameron's image-making. Avatar creates visuals and utilizes technology so well, it makes the audience feel like part of the film. Some people take for granted just how significant that is. Others take for granted James Cameron's direction. Here is the single most ambitious movie ever conceived, and Cameron handles it all with the confidence of a world-class chef. This guy is not intimidated by anything. He is an elite director; the world's leader in action and world-building, and miraculously, he keeps getting better! Avatar is his most accomplished film.Avatar's success lies in its ability to engross every kind of moviegoer. Science fiction geeks and action aficionados can revel in some of the most thrilling action scenes ever put to film (The final battle alone is more exciting than 99% of blockbusters before or since), sentimental romantics can connect to the classic story, and even those who don't connect to either can experience the once-in-a-lifetime thrill of visiting Pandora. James Cameron has made a picture that defies comparison. There is not another movie that reverberates with the ethereal power of Avatar. Because Avatar is beyond movies. The film is overwhelming; An event imagined and shot on a scale bigger and bolder than anything I've seen. Assisted by James Horner's majestic score and Mauro Fiore's epic cinematography, Avatar totally envelopes us in an exotic world. An original masterwork of popular entertainment, Avatar deserves its spot as the biggest hit in movie history. This is truly Cameron's magnum opus, a movie that burns with boundless passion. A classic that thrills as it inspires awe.93/100

Samuel Common ENG 101 WP#3 May 24, 2010 James Cameron has given us some of Hollywood's most notable films in history. His work is as diverse as it is compelling. From 'Alien' to 'The Abyss' his films are full of action and are intelligently crafted. As with many Hollywood action movies the plot and dialog often suffer as if that aspect has to be sacrificed in order to make way for the boom and bang of the film. With Cameron this is not the case as one of his greatest achievements 'Titanic' proved in 1997, which went on to be the highest grossing movie of all time. Hard to believe that one could do much better than 'Titanic' but one better believe it. I saw Avatar at the Arizona Mills Mall Imax in 3D with my fiancé'. Arizona Mills is a family oriented shopping and entertaining Megaplex. We were exhausted that day and didn't really want to go but we had already purchased the tickets. Despite not really having much of an idea what this movie was about going in we had heard that it was nearly 3 hours long and I couldn't imagine ANYthing that Hollywood could make that would be worth over 2 ½ hours of my life but I was pleasantly surprised. Avatar is not a movie, it's an experience. The characters are are REAL, you identify with them and their plight. Jake Sully (the main character) and the audience become one, we connect to him and his emotions, we actually care about whether or not he succeeds. The visual experience of Pandora is breathtaking. The audience is given a real treat, for nearly 3 hours we are no longer on this planet. No longer do we have the burdens of our jobs, the stress of the economy, the turmoil of our conflicting government, and all of the other things that weigh us down here on this planet. For nearly 3 hours we are in Pandora a beautiful, vibrant, pulsating planet that is alive and glowing with life. I couldn't help wondering if the Garden of Eden wasn't something like Pandora. I don't wish to spoil this experience for others so I am purposefully excluding details of the film, but if you are in the mood for something so new in it's concept, so creative in it's story and so beautiful in it's design then Avatar is the movie that you are looking for. 11 stars out of 10.

Everyone told me that this film was great, so i went out of my way & into the cinema ready for some great entertainment. Got a nice ice cream, got a great comfy seat up the back of the cinema and sat through the trailers ready for the much raved about Avatar experience. Put the 3d specs on & soon realized that i had better things to be doing with my time, & walked out. I handed the specs back to the cinema dude, he looked at me as if to say 'you don't like it"? I smiled a reassuring smile thinking to myself that James Cameron deserves to be hung drawn & quartered, and vowed to never trust the common public again. Sitting through this American schmaltz was too much to handle. Avoid at all costs!!

I've read many reviews on IMDb from other users about how this film was poor quality; how the plot is shared with many other films and how predictable the plot of this film was. And yes, i do agree that the plot was rather predictable, but this in no way ruins the film! James Cameron made what can only be described as a masterpiece. Spectacular visual effects, tremendous acting from the talented cast, and a plot that makes the film what it is: thoroughly enjoyable.Negative reviews I've read include a totally predictable plot. I can name a fair few other films that have had a predictable plot, and haven't had any reviews reporting the plots predictability. lord of the rings - Frodo was going to make it. The matrix - Neo is the One. The Star Wars prequels - eventually Anakin was going to turn bad. Oh, and just about every James Bond film ever made = Bond kills the bad guy, saves the world.Relating the film to others like Dances with Wolves? OK, this i shall allow, as the plot is quite similar in some aspects, but this is as far as the similarities go.What I've not seen in reviews panning this film is Avatar's relation to the problems we are yet to face. The film describes our need to venture away from our own planet to fight the energy crisis taking place on earth, bringing us to Pandora. The mineral on Pandora, named 'unobtainium', is what the humans are after, and Cameron does an incredible job of showing through the film just how desperate us as humans could be to get energy that we could use in such a crisis: willing to wipe out the planets indigenous population and drive them away from their home, showing we resort to inhuman acts to satisfy our own needs. This contrasted with problems we have had in the past (driving native Americans out of their homes and off their land to benefit ourselves) presents us with an incredible plot. The problems of our future contrasted with the problems of our past presented in a visually stunning movie.People giving this film a review of less that an least 8/10 stars clearly need to wake up, and realises that this film DOES re-invent movie making.Welcome back James Cameron, we've missed you!

I'm not sure where to begin with James Cameron's Avatar. I could start by saying I've been waiting 12 years for this film. I could start by saying Terminator 2 is my all time favorite movie, and I've watched it a thousand times since I was a kid. But I'm going to start with the most positive thing I could say. James Cameron is a special filmmaker. He revolutionized film-making in the 1980s with The Terminator and Aliens. He did it again in the 1990s with Terminator 2 and Titanic. So after 12 years of anticipation and hype, and all the reports of the record budget being somewhere between a mind-boggling $300 and $500 million, I expected Avatar to be the greatest thing since sliced bread.And sadly, it wasn't. Not even close. I will admit that the visuals in the film were stunning, and sometimes made you feel like you were dreaming. Cameron has definitely spent his time wisely creating a new universe all his own, and inventing a totally new world, one that leaves us in awe. However, for a filmmaker like Cameron, the whole IMAX 3D element of the film really wore on me. After a while, I couldn't wait to take off those uncomfortable glasses which helps us "see" the stunning visuals, as Cameron wants us to, which are quite nauseating, particularly for a movie that is almost three hours in length. I've never seen a film in 3D or IMAX before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But now that I've seen it, it begs the question, why? Hey Jimmy, you're James frickin' Cameron! You don't need 3D to make good movies, man! I feel like 3D is like cheating on a test that you've studied for your entire life. Why is Cameron trying to overcompensate for no reason? He can make superb films without any of this IMAX 3D CGI stuff.As for the plot, well there is none. Avatar essentially features no plot, or story, other than the typical love angle, which can only be classified as being beyond cheesy. If there is a "story", you've seen and heard it many times before. A man sent in to infiltrate a band of aliens grows close to their ways and in the end turns against his own kind when the two sides battle each other out. You've seen it in Dances With Wolves, you've seen it in The Last Samurai, hell, I could even go all the way back to 1956 and cite John Ford's The Searchers as a movie which features characters who are pulled into another society or world only to become one of them. Now, before you go and crucify me and say "well every movie can be traced back to something else", which is true, you need to understand that James Cameron is a trend-setter. HE is the one that makes the most refreshing movies, HE is the one that everyone else copies. HE doesn't need to copy anyone else. HE used to create films with creative plots and likable characters, but there's nobody to like in Avatar. After all, it's not easy to relate to a CGI-made 10 foot tall blue alien.I really expected more out of this film. The graphics were amazing, sometimes. Other times, it was just migraine-inducing. I wanted something to happen. And nothing really happened. Cameron could have made one of the all time great films if he had just put some more thought into it, and created a good story, with fleshed out characters, and a climax that doesn't come off as being a thoughtless, cookie-cutter finale. Armed with a budget of this enormity, and over a decade between narrative films, you'd think "the king of the world" would have come up with a better movie.But I do think people will love most of the visuals, I certainly did. But after nearly three hours, it suddenly dawns on you, "is there anything else to this movie?" Because while staring at the Mona Lisa is a very thought provoking thing to do, eventually, you move on! And that's what this film felt like. A beautiful painting come to life, but one that eventually gets tired and predictable. Sadly, and despite what most of people will say, because they loved the visuals and have never seen anything like it, James Cameron's Avatar was extremely disappointing and I'm not sure if I'll ever forget this kind of disappointment for a long, long time.I still love Terminator 2, and I still love James Cameron. But I feel like I've been waiting through a 12 year war for my loved one to return, only to see them come back a completely different person, one whom I simply don't know and can't trust anymore. Take this for what it is, an honest review from ONE viewer. Most will not be in favor of my thoughts, because it's not overly positive. But it is what it is. Avatar is not exactly a movie. It is something else. A $400 million cartoon perhaps. Or a $400 million live-action video game. It will probably be copied a million times over the course of the upcoming decade though. Maybe, hopefully, by the end of it, Cameron will return to making movies with real people again. Maybe then, everyone will copy him once more, and all movies will go back to being about real people again. I think that's something that we all want deep down inside, but, for some reason... we just won't admit it.

My fiancé and I bought this while on vacation for something to watch in our hotel room, figuring after all the rave reviews that it would be a solid choice. By the end, the two of us were slack-jawed - not by the effects, which, granted, were very visually attractive, but by how a movie so formulaic, so full of ridiculous clichéd one-dimensional characters and simplistic dialogue, could be the talk of the world. James Cameron has an amazing eye for aesthetics, but he seriously need to find someone with a gift for writing scripts, specifically engaging dialogue. Everything about the plot, from Sigourney Weaver essentially reprising a watered down version of her role in Gorillas in the Mist to an evil army commander who reminded me of a sad caricature of every 'ignorant, war hungry army guy' ever made, the characters just... don't matter. It's saddening that this movie is sliding by on its visuals to such a high rating. If you want to watch the exact same story, only with more moving dialogue and far less bloat, rent Fern Gully: The Last Rainforest. Cameron pretty much ripped off the entire plot from it, anyway. I dread the sequels...

Wow is really the only word to describe this movie. I haven't felt like this after a movie...ever. I left that theater and was disappointed that Pandora wasn't a real place. The land scape is utterly breath taking in every way, it is everything your imagination can imagine and more, amazing in a sense I can't relay to you. I don't care what you have planned or how you can't afford it. Cancel what you have to and find the money! People are saying that the plot is mediocre, trust me, that's not what this film is about. I wish there was more! Even in the 2 and a half hours I was there I felt like I experienced a completely different life/world. Absolutely a must see for anyone with an imagination. SEE THIS IN 3D!!! You HAVE to see it in 3D, everything comes alive, you become a part of the surroundings. Most amazing movie I have seen to date.

There's a lot of gushing going on for this film, and rightly so. After a Summer of lackluster crap, along comes this magnificent film. For once the hype was actually deserved. I won't talk about the plot, this film is best seen with as little information as possible. I will say that I wasn't prepared for the experience, even as a jaded film-goer I was transported and yes, moved. I didn't expect the emotional impact, but Cameron is a master at pushing all the right buttons, and he does so here masterfully.Some of the criticism lies in the "surface" quality of the plot, but again, Cameron has never made deep, cerebral films. Cameron is an entertainer, and thank God for it. This film is pure, futuristic, ahead of it's time escapism. I was absolutely floored.

One of the best movies ever. There was the famous Mr. Gorbachev, who wrote in his book "Perestroika" the remarkable sentence: "Capitalism is incapable of solving mankind's global problems". We just witnessed Copenhagen, where the two most aggressive nations on this planet finally paved the way to global doom.Avatar shows us the extinction of the Native Americans by the first Europeans coming to America, it shows us the way the Aborigines ended after the English came to Australia, it shows us numerous "smaller" events, where the evil combination of a mighty military machine and insidious commercial interests. This combination (some call it fascism) will do everything to get its profit.I find it fascinating, that especially a nation like the USA, who can't kick militarism, is making such movies, watching such movies, enjoys such movies and ... continues exactly like they did before. Don't marines visit movies theaters? Don't managers visit such movies? We destroy everything. This process continues, it actually happens each and every day. Each day, "Avatar" happens on Earth. A little Pandora in every hour of our life. But since we don't watch it in 3-D in a movie theater, it doesn't bother us too much and our "Na'vi's" ain't always that perfect and pretty.So now we watch it in beautiful, magical pictures in a movie theater and the good ones win for once. At least until another profit-hungry corporation comes back and throws some ERW /neutron bombs on the Na'vi, because after that, they can continue making 20 Million bugs a kilo of something mineral - so we can buy more non-alcoholic beer and more blue jeans and more bankers can claim more bonuses.The movie is wonderful, but the victory of the Na'vi can only be considered a "Little Bighorn". Nothing more.For the few among us who know about Enlightenment, the movie pictures the Na'vi as beings living in a state of knowing who they are. This alone makes it worth watching the movie.

Watch everything in your life you'd have ever wanted to appreciate, before you watch the AVATAR , there won't be anything you could ever praise but AVATAR , once you'd seen it! There's no guessing game and not too much of the plotting, it was objective and smart with its clichés ,it keeps you glued and pays you many times more to you than you paid with every second.A complete lovable heartfelt connection of man with an alien, an instinct to survive and the way of life , a journey from the underdog to the leader , a journey from pandora to earth! I loved it for its beauty, i love it because it surpassed my imagination, this was my life's greatest spectacle after 80 days around the world!

Yes, the special effects were impressive - but they just went on too long. The first segment, where she was teaching him about Pandora, had some magnificent effects, but I really did not need 20 minutes to get the point. Then, the first "war" although horrible enough in its unreasonable ferocity of modern war power against the natives with only arrows and spears was followed up with another one, even more horrible, purely for the sake of the special effects. I was holding my ears and closing my eyes, the mass destruction of these wonderful people was all too close to the American destruction of the native American Indians, with all its destructiveness. There was no character development, the acting was so simplistic, the plot formulaic, the dialog trite and simple.I wanted to like this film, but was ready to leave about half way though - and if Cameron had held to a disciplined directing mode it would only have been half as long and a much better picture.

Although I was not too bothered about seeing Avatar as a film, I felt it was a bit foolish to let this milestone of cinema go past me – particularly when the thing it is hyped for are the effects and being the first "big" film to utilise 3D technology to this degree. It just seemed that watching it on my TV in about 9 months on DVD with a basic stereo system would be missing the point. Unsurprisingly I was right because Avatar is technically a brilliant film that deserves to sweep the Oscars in terms of awards for visual effects and other such categories.If we ignore the 3D for a minute, the actual effects look great and I imagine that it will still be impressive in 2D. The landscapes and world of Pandora are imaginative (ironic since how dumb the name of it is) and very vividly created to the point where you forget that they are effects when you step back from them. Likewise it is so easy to forget that the Na'vi are not actors in quite brilliant outfits and makeup because they look so real and move so naturally – it is a million miles from the films such as Spiderman or Indy 4 where you can see where the real person ends and the jumping/swinging special effect begin. There were points in the film where I found myself wondering how on earth they managed to get a particular shot and where the camera was, only for my brain to kick in a second later to remind me that what I'm seeing is entirely virtual. OK the fantastical visual aspects are clearly creations but I was startled by how accepting of it all was and, in 2D I thought that the effects were pretty seamless.In 3D it doesn't quite hit the same mark for me. The "look it's in 3D" shots are not as obvious as some of the other films (where stuff comes out of the screen for no reason) but it is still a little distracting when the 3D forces your focus or has stuff where it doesn't aid the scene. Of course the world of Pandora looks great with things moving around in front of you and the final battle sequences are great – the money is all there to be seen. Thing is, the reason I was able to think about "how did they do that shot" while watching the film is because the technical aspects of the film is really all there is to engage with. The plot is basic and obvious – others have talked at length about the rights and wrongs of a story where the white man comes to the aid of the indigenous people, so I'll not add to that debate. The problem for me is simpler than that, it is simply that the plot is weak and the script is just as weak. My girlfriend laughed out loud when the name of the mineral on Pandora was named as "Unobtainium" and there were plenty of things like this. The dialogue between the characters is full of needless plot exposition and thus doesn't ring true. Of course all this is helped by the action and the effects but the narrative and writing weaknesses are all I can think of when I have to listen to people tell me how Avatar is the best film ever.The cast manage to do solid jobs considering how easy it is for them to get lost in the effects (see the modern Star Wars films to see this happen). Worthington is stuck with some awful dialogue but he is a good presence even in his Avatar. Saldana's performance is good, again despite some of her expressions and dialogue. Weaver is "so-so", Moore is pointless, Ribisi is miscast in a character that is so clichéd that it needed a decent casting to make it be more than it was. I liked Lang a lot and his OTT badass character worked well. Rodriguez seems like she is there because someone important likes her and her character doesn't add a terrible lot. Voice work from Studi, Pounder and others is good.Overall Avatar deserves to be seen for its technical importance and how impressive it is but the degree of praise for it needs to be put in context by considering how it plays as more than just a special effects milestone. In these terms it is not as good due to a poor plot and script that hurts the actors more than the effects do by handing them some awful dialogue. That it works is testament to how impressive the effects are but there is not a terrible lot to gush about beyond these.

I believe in James Cameron, way back from the Aliens to Titanic he delivered a sensation or a magic. And his new magnum Opus, AVATAR is most entertaining,thrilling cinematic experience of my lifetime. Its mesmerizing, and Cameron crafted it wonderfully.The film focuses on an epic conflict on Pandora, Pandora is inhabited by an indigenous species called the Na'vi. Standing nine feet tall, with tails and sparkling blue skin, the Na'vi live in harmony with the natural world around them.The word Avatar is an ancient Indian word, with literal meaning of "the Lord Vishnu taking another form, to counter the evil forces". Here it refers to human scientists led by Dr. Grace(Sigourney Weaver) taking form of Na'vis with the help of Genetic engineering.Jake Sully(Sam Worthington), a marine, who replaces his brother on a mission to infiltrate the Na' vis on the planet of Pandora. During Jake's first assignment through the Pandora jungle, few wild creatures attacks him and becomes alone in that jungle, attempts to survive and steals the attention of Nytiri (Zoe Saldana) a Na'vi female.The Na'vi people decide to take Jake and teach him about their culture. As Jake learns the way of the Na'vi, he finds himself caught between the military-industrial forces of Earth and a newfound love for his adopted home and people. Believing that the Na'vi will never abandon their home, the humans attack and destroy the Hometree, forcing the Na'vi to flee. The Na'vi feel betrayed by Jake, ostracizing him from the tribe. Back at base, Jake and his compatriots are forcibly disconnected from their avatar interfaces and are detained for arguing against the destruction.Finally, with Neytiri's assistance, Jake assembles thousands of Na'vi from other tribes and lead them into battle with the increasingly violent human forces, in order to save their race and world, after the battle, the humans are forced to evacuate Pandora. To talk about the performance, all arrows from the Cameron's bow done an excellent job.Especially Nytiri, an electrifying performance, even Sam did an excellent job.I mean all are acted brilliantly. Visual effects is superb and hypnotizingAvatar offers not only Space war but also a drizzling love story between Jake's Avatar and Nytiri. Every scene offers you a thrilling Taquila. I added Avatar in my favorites list. I give 10 rating for James Cameron's Avatar because i cannot give less than that.

James Cameron's long-awaited Titanic follow-up is very pretty to look at but suffers from a flimsy plot and astoundingly stupid plot development. The characters are one dimensional, both as written and as portrayed, and there's hardly anything unpredictable. The only thing this movie has going for it are its state-of-the-art effects, which are truly boggling.Sam Worthington plays Jake, a paraplegic ex-Marine who's sent to a distant moon to help humans mine a mineral called unobtainium (in the running for the least creative chemical name ever). Seems there's a huge cache of the stuff under a huge tree in a jungle that's populated by an indigenous race called the Na'vi, blue-skinned, really tall people with feline characteristics. Meanwhile, a scientific program headed by Grace Augustine (played by a typically stiff Sigourney Weaver) has focused on learning as much as possible about the Na'vi in order to benefit scientific knowledge. Augustine's research (funded by the same company who's mining the unobtainium) involves the use of avatars, in which scientists form a psychological link with a mock-up that looks just like a native Na'Vi, the better for the humans to exist within the unbreathable atmosphere. Jake gets inside the Na'vi within his avatar and attempts to find out what they would want in exchange for moving from away from the giant store of unobtainium; during the course of his mission, he falls for the Na'vi chief's daughter, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana). (Of course he does.) And as said mission drags on, Jake's perspective changes from meathead jerk to tree-loving jerk, and he begins to wonder if what he's doing is right.Is he serious? You're an alien race (humans) and have no business on this moon. Your employer's stated goal is to gobble up all the jewels he can find, basically raping the planet. Your employer will stop at nothing to get it, as he answers to no one. You're being sent down to find a diplomatic way to screw the natives out of the bounty on which they sit. And he thinks this might be wrong? A power grab ensues when the military leader of the human expedition, a Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) decides enough is enough and wants to bomb the hell out of the Na'vi, with the approval of the head of the company, Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi), another patently obvious name. This sets up the rather obvious showdown between the primitive Na'vi and the gung-ho ex-Marine humans, who have missiles and guns and ammo and rockets and helicopters and who knows, even a Star Destroyer or two. The final battle scene is overtly reminiscent of the Battle of Endor in Return of the Jedi, in which the primitive Ewoks manage to defeat a stormtrooper army using only their quick wits and some old-school, homemade traps of destruction.But even if the plot doesn't need to be complex, it sure ought to make sense. Here's a nonspoiler question to ponder. Jake, under the guise of his avatar, is taken in by the Na'vi, whose spiritual leader asks Neytiri to teach Jake their ways. Why this is to be is not terribly clear. It's evident that the humans have made several attempts at learning the ways of the Na'vi but that prior emissaries had been scientists; as soon as Jake tells the Na'vi that he's a warrior, they're all about teaching him. I don't quite follow the logic here; if I were the Na'vi and had not been able to teach the smart humans who obviously (to me) were not there to do me harm, why in the world would I want to teach someone who's used to using aggression and violence to solve problems? I get that the Na'vi, as a warrior race, would relate more to the soldier, but surely they would be reluctant to share knowledge with someone who was outside of their group anyway, let alone with one who might well do them harm.Moreover, I'm not sure what the Na'vi thought Jake was, really. He looked like them, through his avatar, but they referred to him at least once as an alien. My best guess is that they just thought he was from another clan. Other clan? I'll assume that only this one clan, the Omaticaya, made its home at Hometree (yet another clumsy naming convention) and therefore was the only clan with a stake in protecting it. But if they simply thought Jake was from another clan, why did they let him in anyway? Why did they teach him? What purpose would it serve them? And on top of that, since the Omaticaya mentioned being approached by "aliens" before, doesn't it seem more likely that they would have assumed Jake was another alien ambassador anyway? This makes my brain hurt.I think it's pretty obvious that Cameron wanted this to be his own Star Wars, an epic taking place on a distant world. He uses the standard Cameron recipe of astounding special effects and innovation coupled with a weak plot and laughable characters and hopes it all comes out okay (although for a movie that gestated for more than a decade, that's simplifying things a bit). The effects, it should be noted, are really mesmerizing visuals of the jaw-dropping variety. The 3D effects were unbelievable, and I mean that in a good way. Avatar is extraordinarily shot, using 60% CGI and 40% live action, and the two elements are flawlessly intertwined. It's a remarkable film.But it's only part of a film. the entire movie seems to try pretty hard to keep some emotional distance from its audience, and when a film is emotionally uninvolving, it's lost the battle for your heart.And that's the core problem. Despite some wonderful, beautiful effects, Avatar gives us characters in whom we can't really get invested, and when a key element of your story is an interspecies romance, this is a crucial, fatal flaw.

At last the moment has come which i have been waiting for about an year now... The most anticipated movie in recent times is finally out. To express my view in one line - AVATAR will divide cinema as we knew it so far into a pre-AVATAR and post-AVATAR era. All those people who appreciate cinema as an art will enjoy this experience. Ya its not a movie.... its an experience. James Cameron has proved beyond doubt that he is not only the king of the world but "God of cinema". Because even god could not have created such a beautiful world. I mean screw Monalisa... This is real art. The attention to detail is unimaginable. Every tree, creature, landscape is so stunning and nothing like you have ever seen before.Plot revolves round Jake Sully, an ex-marine who has lost his legs being sent to Pandora, a distant world full of exotic flora and fauna and large deposits of "Unobtainium", a rare earth mineral worth millions. Pandora has a native population called Na'vi who love nature and hence pose a threat to mining operations. Hence remotely controlled half human and half na'vi bodies are grown called AVATARs to mix with local Na'vi and convince them to relocate. Jake in his AVATAR understands Na'vi culture and human imperialistic attitude which could destroy the whole Pandora. Hence Jake needs to make a choice which will decide future of pandora.For those people who argue that the plot and few sequences are not new have to understand that the story and major portion of screenplay was written by JC in 1994. The story is interesting enough to keep you glued to the screens for 2 hrs 45 mins ( which is not a problem... I could have sat there for 3 more hours as movie was so damn brilliant). The story is very relevant for the present age of global warming. It is in no way preachy but sends a strong message.On the technical side, this movie is a sure milestone in cinema history. 1890 - Strongman Sandow(First motion picture) 1895 - The Execution of Mary, Queen of Scots(First movie with special effect) 1918 - Cupid Angling(First colour movie) 1927 - The Jazz Singer(First Talkie movie) 1973 - Westworld(First movie with CGI) 2009 - AVATAR(Need i say more)The motion capture is so realistic that it pushes CGI technology to its limit. I saw the movie with a friend who did not know anything about avatar and he could not realise the Na'vi were CGI and not actors with blue paint on them. It is so photo-realistic. Spielberg, Peter Jackson try to match this if you can !!! And people who say it looks a bit video gamish, need to stop looking trailers on their 14' screens and check it out on big screen. I have never seen CGI with so much real emotion in it. The climax battle scene is the mother of all war scenes... It will blow your mind.Performances are equally brilliant. Sam Worthington is definitely the next big thing in Hollywood. He is almost flawless as Jake. He is tough and has a charm to pull off the child like nature of the character. As in every JC movie, female lead gets the best part and importance. Zoe Saldana is awesome as Neytiri. Its truly her year with two mega blockbusters in Star trek and AVATAR. Sigourney "The queen of sci-fi" Weaver is outstanding as Grey, the head of avatar operation. When JC meets Sigourney, its nothing short of magic. But the surprise package for me is Stephen Lang as Col.Quatrich, the tough head of security. This guy steals the show.This has been an year of really crappy big budget movies like transformers 2, Terminator Salvation and GI Joe to name a few. But thank god at least one guy in Hollywood knows how to spend money. Of course the man who has raised the bar of movie making so high all through his career that only he can out do himself - James Cameron. This guy knows how to create hype and most importantly how to live up to the hype as he has proved it time and again in his career. This is truly a JC classic in the ranks of Terminator and Aliens. Not only its technologically years ahead of its time but movie is emotionally very strong... Like the speech given by Jake to all Na'vi inspiring them to fight, made me get goosebumps. 12 years wait and I say its worth it. The movie is already nominated for Golden Globe and will surely be a front runner at the Oscars.This movie is meant to be seen in IMAX 3D ( or at least 3D). Its an experience you will remember for long time. It may not make as much money as titanic due to slightly less wider target audience. Even though it is the most expensive movie ever made, i am sure it will recover its budget in 2 to 3 weeks. Sure shot blockbuster. But more importantly it is this generations STAR WARS. Mark my words, people will talk about this movie even after 30 years...10 on 10 from me....

Beyond the storyline there is something very valuable. This Film really demonstrates to me the importance of recognizing beauty in the world. Lets all wake up and see the beauty in our own world, in our relationships, in our daily tasks. Lets make life sacred again. Lets live through our fears and not reside in comfort. Embrace life and fill ourselves with love until it overflows into the world. Lets create heaven on earth! I know there are people who would not agree with my views; however, its all in the eye of the beholder. Obviously this film has flaws, maybe the story is not very original, or the script for that matter. To me this film didn't need to be perfect. I feel it is a timely work of art that represents where we are as a species. We are at a place where the way we are living isn't working anymore. Disconnected from the earth, disconnected from each other, we are starving for a more raw genuine way of life. A world where giving is as important as receiving, and we understand the connection we have with our environment. If we all think of the earth as a being, or an organism, then we the people are like the bacteria. Some bacteria are helpful and some are harmful. Just like in our own bodies, when there is a harmful bacteria the body attacks it! Think about natural disasters or disease! The earth needs our love. If we treat it well..it will treat us well. No movie has ever addressed this issue so masterfully.

I want to start this review with the note that this is my first review ever,i did not write one until now because i am a critical person and i have not met a movie yet which moved me so deeply that i felt the need to write a review. I saw today Avatar in 3d with some friends,i went to the movie knowing it has nice effects and visuals but with no big expectations, i do not know if i have ever been more surprised in my entire life , this movie has absolutely incredible breathtaking visuals.And here is the good part,it does not only deliver images which you could watch for days without a break,but the story is also intense and well written.When Jake Sully takes control of hes avatar for the first time i almost cried, if you are a sickly person like i am,never been able to do sports or enjoy runs, then those moments will deeply move you,he develops so much joy and fun running around ,breathing deep, feeling the nature ,it takes you in ,and makes you want a new body. Throughout the movie i cried ( and i am 22 years old), i laughed ,i had shivers running down my spine,i had so much anger i nearly stood up and punched somebody,and at some scenes my heart even skipped a few beats,which never happened watching another movie before.This movie just overwhelms you with emotions.The outcome of the movie makes you seriously think about us people ,about our lives and how we treat the nature and animals,about our behavior as mankind,we enjoy killing and destruction instead of respecting ourselves and others and the world that surrounds us. I recommend this movie to anybody,especially those people who can understand the deeper meaning,it is very likely that this movie will stay with you for the rest of your life,and its sure that this is one of the best movies ever made.

I have completely lost all hope in Hollywood. This movie was horrible. There was no originality in the plot or the characters whatsoever.Let's look at the movie in it's entirety. Original right? NO! The truth is, if you strip away all of the special effects and look at the plot you'll notice that it's the same plot used in so many other movies. I've summed the plot up into one sentence. This is the plot: It's Disney's Pocahontas substituting the American Indians with blue aliens. What is so special about that? James Cameron is overrated as a director. Everyone is calling him the greatest director of our time. I hope the people calling him that, aren't speaking for all of us. I'd like to see him direct something with some kind of meaning to it instead of blue aliens fighting humans over a tree. Steven Spielberg, in my opinion, is the greatest director of our time. I will say that the performances given by Stephen Lang and Sigourney Weaver were amazing! Everyone else was so-so.There was nothing special about this movie. I literally feel like I wasted two and half hours of my life and thirteen dollars of my hard earned money to see this piece of crap.I wouldn't wish this movie on my worst enemy.

Avatar is a movie you can describe in a short list: - pretty - terribly old and dated story - leaning too heavily on technology - predictableI can see this movie enthralling 8 year olds since the story is probably still cool to them but to for me? It was so painfully predictable, it became annoying to watch. Sure, there's quite a few great movies with predictable plots but Avatar's ONLY other strong point is the 3D and, frankly, colourful plants and stuff stopped being fascinating to me since I was 12. Being a gamer, I've seen far more interesting digital worlds. For all the effort put into it, it came across as a fake cartoon world instead of a real threatening one. Making everything look as if it jumped out of a Pixar movie doesn't help either.In the end, it's a gimmicky movie with nice 3D, a terrible story and mediocre acting. 8+/10 people? Did you see the same movie I did?

2009 has been a year of soulless special effects films- Transformers 2, and GI Joe come to mind in particular. Military-centric and lacking in anything resembling a real character, it depressed me to find such emotionally cold film-making was making so much money.James Cameron is the remedy.As a director, he has often very successfully managed to balance intriguing and exciting film premises with human elements that made you care for characters- he has an amazing way of making you invest in the people he created.But Avatar, for me, represents a more mature James Cameron. In Aliens and True Lies Cameron, much like the Michael Bays of today, had a boyish fascination with weaponry and the technology of war. Now James Cameron, the man, expresses his disgust at these objects. This is NOT a worship of firepower- it is a damning indictment of it.Avatar has a story that acts as analogy for many things- colonialism, America's supposed war on terror, labelling Palestine's resistance fighters as terrorists, the human desire for profit vs the human need for environmental preservation. It is very much a product of our time, and it is hugely passionate in its execution. In my mind Avatar represents Cameron's rage.More that this, when we hear the horrified and angry screams of an invaded population, we hear our own frustration. The film had me in tears at some points, because of the clarity and resonance of its message.The film is not all doom and gloom- it is inspiring also. It demonstrates there exist universal principles that transcend race or allegiance of country, it celebrates spirituality, and abhors the arrogance of men and their guns. There were moments when the film gave me goosebumps.Please see this film if it feels like the world around you doesn't always show the humanity you feel it should, if you don't understand why people's lives are so expendable in the pursuit of oil, land or empty victory. It is a strangely validating experience to find so many of your feelings so poetically reflected. Thank you Mr Cameron.

So, finally, I have watched AVATAR and with it, all the anticipation, expectations end.And believe me, all that deafening publicity campaign had not been for nothing. The movie gives you everything you expect and more. After the release, I read some reviews stating that the story is not new and not high on emotional content. I would say that, though, the story is not something out of the blue and is somewhat predictable but its not bad, in fact its very good. The mega publicity revealed everything, people knew the key points of story in advance and that is why such negative things were felt and said by a few.AVATAR is a very good science-fiction which combines in its story, science and spirituality to present before us, a truly spectacular picture. The CGI effects are mind-blowing and would not let you blink your eyes. I felt slight pain in my eyes after 45 minutes or so as I was trying to behold the beauty of Pandora and in order straining my eyes. I am sure this happened with most of the viewers.The Na'vis created with the help of motion-capture technology looked more real than the human beings. Neytiri(female Na'vi, played by Zoe Saldana) in particular, looked incredibly sexy. The fantastic 3D, sometimes makes you feel as if the fauna shown is in real moving before you. The first half is dedicated to the exploration of Pandora and the romance between Jake Sully(Sam Worthington) and Neytiri. Jake Sully is assigned to learn the native ways and persuade them to move to different place as it contains rich deposits of a mineral Unobtanium which is the reason humans are there. The natives are not ready to buzz off as in that place, their most sacred tree is there. This leads to a war between the corporation and the natives. Jake Sully joins natives' side and leads them against humans. The action sequences are great with some hand-to-hand combat scenes being fantastic.In performance, Stephen Lang tops in his role of a military commander followed by Sigourney Weaver. Sam Worthington once against gets a big film with not much to do in human form, most of the things he does in AVATAR form. Others also provide good support.Music by James Horner is superb and aids the film very well.But, the most astounding work is done by the CGI effects team which has given never-seen-before visuals.And above all, the man responsible for all this sensational work is the one who gave us films like Terminator2 and Titanic, the greatest films of their times. James Cameroon has proved that such a long waiting was worth waiting for. With regard to the ongoing climate discussions, the movie doesn't preaches anything but conveys its message subtly that we have been responsible for all the nonsense happening to Earth which needs to be understood by our so called superpowers and world leaders.AVATAR is for fantasy lovers and fantasy lovers should not try to review it. Another thing, the sensuality of Neytiri indicates that after some time computer generated characters might replace human actors.Finally, AVATAR is a must watch and must in 3D only.

To me no man can be gifted more and gifted better than the ability to imagine, create, structure, and produce thoughts against convention or any degree of sanity; the best that a man can ever do is think, and make an audience experience his thoughts and his world in a way he deems best. The only work of James Cameron that I loved till this evening was the Judgement Day. It was slick, it was futuristic and it was everything we wanted in the early nineties; Titanic was stupid, Titanic was glossy and borrowed in ideas, and Titanic was everything commercial cinema wanted in the late nineties. Today, I watched the best movie I've ever enjoyed in my twenty years of life, the only movie that got me to the edge of the seat, clapping and smiling widely for 2.5 long hours, the only movie I thought I felt goosebumps until 20 minutes outside the hall, and the only movie that was special enough to make me hold my pee in and consider taking a leak in my pants, fearing I might miss a second of this cinematic brilliance.They say the only reason Avatar's working is because it's got the most brilliant effects but can't afford an enthralling plot line, I say thats bullshit. The only movie I think came extremely close to Avatar was The return of the king, and the plot line there wasn't as much of an original script as a screen adaptation of one of the most popular literary works in history. Avatar is original, avatar doesn't feel futuristic, it's like a totally new world that is so believable not because of of the effects but for the totally incredible concepts that Cameron produced and delivered patiently and with the prowess he's acquired over the years. There have been movies, documentaries, commercials, infomercials on the way the humans are filthiest race ever, but never has a movie pulled it off as this. The best part about it is that the creatures (strangely they never make a very strong mention of what they're called), are so emotive, so real and so much more human than the human characters in the movie, that your heart goes out to them and you feel the stab in your chest when things go wrong. Avatar is unachievable and irreplaceable in cinematic history. It's epic, but not a revolution since it's so brilliant that it's almost improbable for a movie to follow-up to what Cameron's achieved. It does have plot lines dissolving in the most predictable climaxes, and I'm glad it's done that way and originality for the sake of originality is not attempted. The movie reestablishes our belief in love, life, hope, power, energy, and magic, and in the strongest way makes us question- What really went wrong with us?I have no idea how the guy produced and held such insane creativity inside his head for 3 long years while creating this epic, and still managed to keep it sane,

I am still in awe. This film has surpassed the visual barriers. It is the marking the beginning of a new era in film. Why do I say that? Because it's done by James Cameron and after-all, he has surpassed technological barriers before with the release of Terminator 2 and Titanic in the 90's.This movie has been in the making for over 15 years and it looks like it has paid off. James wanted to wait till technology got better, then he got his inspiration from Lord of the Rings. He took that inspiration and he perfected so that NO ONE will ever make a movie this good for a very long time, visually. He created the camera, the graphics, basically he created new technology and this opens SO MANY windows of opportunities for other film-makers in Hollywood. The next decade of sci-fi, or special effects driven films will look like Avatar thanks to James Camerons' technology.Now to the story. This is such a beautiful tale of a man with a disability who befriends a different species outside of our solar system and respects their way of life. Now a lot of people compare this movie with "Dances With Wolves" but I have never seen that movie so I can't say anything and it seems that people love comparing films nowadays to feel like they deserve to have an opinion. Anyway, on with the story. After our main hero befriends the Na'vi populace, he has a change of heart and sides with them, the militia that has populated Pandora doesn't like this, they just want their materials and will kill anything in their path to have it.The Na'vi are not a violent species unless they are pushed over the edge. The humans who inhabit the planet only want raw materials that sell for 20 million a kilo. A lot of other parasites have said that it makes fun of Americans and their way of life, of how they seek nothing else but to dominate everything in its path. I mean, isn't that true? They love doing that, and they have been doing that for the last 200 years. But this movie is not about that egotistical, and arrogant country, it's about the human species when it comes into contact with another species; we hunt them down if they don't co-operate or if they we think they're a nuisance, and on top of that, claim their land as ours. It's true though, we would do that if we wanted to colonize on another planet with another species. We would kill them. No wonder aliens don't visit us, we're f***ed up.Anyways, I can't stress it more that you MUST see this movie. It's one of those movies you should see before you die. Even if it's your last day before you die because you have a critical disease or condition; you have to see this film. It will make your life and your death so worthwhile. You will die in awe. Definitely a blu-ray purchase in my books. 10/10 for a visual evolution, a breathtaking story and an outstanding experience in IMAX 3D..the way it was meant to be seen.

The only thing this movie did for me was make me soooo bored I actually started remembering the plot of FernGully. Which I hadn't seen in like 18 years. I couldn't even remember its name. When I arrived home I furiously searched the internet for this mystery movie that I had forgotten and that Avatar somehow reminded me of.Then I found it and realized that it's exactly the same plot, except that it's a movie for children - which incidentally AVATAR also is, it's just that it cost 500$ billion, or whatever, to make so they had to pretend like it was for adults, but it really isn't. It's a kid's movie, and a 2 hours too long one at that.Frankly, what surprised me most about it was that it gets such good reviews... from almost everyone. I'm going to sit and wonder why for a while.

This film is simply extradionary. nothing compares to it, Cameron has created an entire new world, with new creatures and even a new language.The story keeps you intrigued, you don't notice the 2 and a half hours and the battle scenes are simply sublime.i read a guardian review before seeing the film that gave it 2/5 and likened it to aliens but he should be fired from his job, really cant understand how anyone can not like this movie, even my gf who said it looked crap and they were smurfs ended up loving it and has agreed to see it again next week with me. The 3D doesn't go for the gimmicky pop out of the screen at you but instead just adds to the experience in a subtle way.A lot of people are jumping on the bandwagon saying how amazing Cameron is cause they have seen titanic, i loved Cameron's movies before i knew they were his. By the time i was 12, T2 and Aliens were my 2 favourite movies of all time before i even knew anything about directors etc, now avatar adds to that list.Quite simply see this movie, it is most definitely one that you will need to see on the big screen preferable in 3D for the full experience and if you don't have a blu ray player by the time this is released on DVD? GO GET ONE!

I've never done this before... Even if I am absolutely aware of my poor level of English, I simply had to register. Just to be able express my feelings and to leave my vote here.This movie is something I didn't expect. After all those "blockbusters" I have seen in the last time, no one could convince me about the fact, that this flick will be something different. Entering the cinema, I was really skeptic and awaited just another boring shooter with some expensive computer animations.Well.. But then it happened. After just few minutes, I was completely sucked into the world of Pandora, I was there, breathed the air, enjoyed the extraordinary nature. I fell in love with the Na'vi and with their lifestyle, their world.For those 166 minutes, I completely forgot everything else, my work, troubles, everything. This was the best experience, the best feeling I had from a movie ever! Actually the movie was too short for me, even after those almost 3 hours I still wanted more of it, can't describe my feelings.Leaving the cinema, I had tears in my eyes... couldn't stop them. I was just sad that I have to return back to Earth... Pandora was well... go and see it people and maybe you will feel the same I felt!

A crashing bore. There is almost no real reason to see this film. As you could probably tell from the previews or other plot descriptions, it is a virtual remake of Dances with Wolves, but starring elongated, CGI, blue aliens. Yet even that movie wasn't nearly as patronizing with its noble savage bullcrap. I am not exaggerating when I say I have almost never seen a less imaginative movie. But what about the visuals, you say? Well, they are pretty, and the CGI is better than it has ever been in the past. But I'd say it isn't even close to a huge step forward. A pretty tiny step, really, from The Lord of the Rings' Gollum. The (motion captured) faces look more expressive than Gollum's. But they still have far to go before the CGI creations look "photo-realistic", as the idiotic Cameron likes to describe his cartoon characters and settings. And they still haven't worked out just how to move CGI characters - they still don't look like they exist in any kind of real world outside of a computer hard drive. But I guess by now I have to accept filmmakers are always going to rely on CGI, and it's always going to look like a cartoon. I have to say, I did mostly enjoy it when Cameron was introducing new jungle creatures (I think the final tally is about nine different species of animals that live on the planet), but both the flora and the fauna are reminiscent of black light posters and prog-rock album covers (I'll credit Jim Emerson for tipping me toward that, but I knew even in the previews that everything looked a little too familiar). And the N'avi? They're Native Americans. Cameron's allegory is easily the thinnest I've ever seen in a major motion picture. Some critics have argued about how it allegorically relates to current American military woes, but, frankly, if Cameron intended any of it, he screws it up royally by making the N'avi 100% justified in whatever they do. It's every bit as black and white as anything George W. Bush ever said. I'm sure he loves the Hell out of this film. And, even if I tried to just shut off my brain (pretty impossible), so much of the ride is uneventful. If not for the film's final half hour, which is comprised of the big battle, I'd probably call this the worst film of the year. As it is, I'd probably rather sit through Transformers 2 again. At least I can marvel at the audaciousness of Michael Bay's tastelessness. It's better than Cameron's utter blandness.

I hated this movie.Hated it, hated it, hated it.Don't get me wrong, I'm not shoving my opinion down your throats or anything – the great thing about movies is that they're debatable. The problem with Avatar, however, is that James Cameron doesn't want it to be debatable. He wants you to love it – he'd be downright insulted if you didn't like it. Everybody's going to love it because it has everything that makes a movie great – characters, action, and groundbreaking special effects. Whoever doesn't like it is obviously missing something.Bullshit.For one thing, it's pretentious – not just pretentious, but also incredibly preachy. James Cameron may have a great visual style but he's easily one of the worst directors – if not one of the worst creative entities in the world – when it comes to moralizing in his films. The story was nothing more than a recycled cowboys vs. Indians melodrama in a shallow point to prove that, "humanity is evil, oh my god!" It was pretty much the equivalent of being locked in a room for two and a half hours and having one of your school's environmental awareness club scream at you with stunning special effects. Yeah alright Hollywood, we get it already. Humanity is evil; we get how heartless we are as a human race and how you expect us to shed a tear as we watch our military knock down that giant tree they have at Disney's Animal Kingdom. By the way, is it bad that I rooted for the humans? Not because I'm a conservative, cold-heard violent warmonger or anything, but just for how preachy Cameron was in showing us the lifestyle of the inhabitants of Pandora. Seriously, I can picture him right now laughing at the thought of his moviegoers walking out of the theatre, invigorated and awed like they just saw a groundbreaking experience that changed their mundane, unfulfilling lives. James Cameron said Avatar would push cinema the same way, "The Jazz Singer" – the first talkie that came out in the 1920's – did. What Cameron fails to realize however is that you don't need all of these flashy gimmicks to reel people movies like fish. If you can see a movie and you can hear a movie, what else do you need? Vibrators built into our chair so he can jerk his audience off in the comfort of their seats? He's already jerked Hollywood off enough by getting them to financing this piece of crap so I guess it's a fair trade when you look at it. At the rate enhancing the film experience is going, the sequel will consist of nothing more than painting moviegoers blue and letting them loose in the woods behind the theatre.And then there's the fact of the storyline – god, I think this brought cliché to a new level. We're introduced first to Jake Sully, a rough and tough marine who – from the moment we see him – is obviously going to not only be the one to win the heart of the girl but also turn against his people. Ne'ytri (I probably spelled her name wrong but she was a terrible character anyway) was nothing more than a spiritual guru plot device to get the main character to see the light. "Oh god, look at what I was missing out on! Nature is so beautiful! Look at the colors of the wind!" Their relationship was so tacky you could have slapped it on a Hallmark Valentines Day card. "Alright class, the alien and the boy don't really get along at first. What happens?" "They end up liking each other!" "Oh, that's great – just excellent! And then what happens?" "She ends up saving him and they get married!" "Oh, how wonderful. Maybe you should be a director someday, James! Then there's the archetypal marine antagonists who want to destroy this perfect little utopia because, well, they're just greedy douche bags apparently and that's one of the main flaws with this movie. Characters are either good or bad – they're not developed, they don't grow, they're just kind of cemented there and told to look pretty. Quarich is one of them. He's a bad guy – nothing more. That's not necessarily a bad thing when a movie doesn't take itself seriously, but if you're going to ask me to get into a theatre for two and a half hours to watch your pretentious public service announcement of a film, I kind of want to know where this guy's coming from. All we really get from him is that he's mad with power and wants the, "unobtanium." Yes, that's actually what's it's called. Along with being a Hollywood cash hound, Cameron also thinks he's witty. Bottom line though, I go to movies to see stories and characters. I'm not saying it's the right way to look at things – there's tons of films that are just mindless popcorn fests – but if you're going to try to take yourself seriously, well, at least try to do a little with the characters in between the gratuitous shots of aliens sticking their tentacles into dragons. By the way, if that's also the way they sexually reproduce then isn't that technically bestiality? And damn, is it really that hard to kill someone? Even if he was in a flashy robot suit, that guy Quartich was like a cockroach at the end. He would have given Gaston from Beauty and The Beast a run for his money with the way he was fighting that battle. Or more suitably, Radcliffe from Pocahontas.I'm suddenly tempted to watch that final fight scene again with that song, "Savages," playing.So what is it? An debatable movie? An over-hyped movie? Not sure, but it made me want to boycott that new Smurfs movie they're advertising.

Avatar, set in the far future, is the story of wounded ex-marine Jake Sully (played by Sam Worthington). Sully is handicapped and cannot walk anymore, but is offered a deal that would change his life forever. Space travel is common and a mining mission is employed on an alien planet known as Pandora. The planet is populated by a race of indigenous and environmentalist extraterrestrials known as the Na'vi. Their main village rests upon the richest deposit of the substance that the humans are trying to mine, but the population simply refuses to re-locate. Colonel Quaritch (played by Stephen Lang) introduces Sully to an operation in which he will control an external body called an Avatar, which is his DNA mixed with the DNA of a Na'vi. Sully's Avatar is transported to Pandora in an effort for him to befriend the Na'vi, gain their trust, and eventually find a desire that could get the aliens to relocate. While learning the Na'vi culture and language, he bonds and falls in love with Neytiri, the daughter of the Na'vi king and queen. Sully switches sides and eventually joins the aliens in a fight to save the stunning beauty of Pandora.One word may have popped into your mind after you read my plot summary: Pocahontas. Yes, Avatar does draw many parallels to the Pocahontas legend, and simultaneously embeds strong environmentalist messages into the story as well. The story was not the most original ever created, and it is not meant to be. The simplistic story adds to the epic tone of the film that slowly creeps its way in as the climax builds up to its finale. It is true that the plot is something we have all heard about, but never has it been presented in this manner. By the end of the film, the satisfaction one garners after the grand finale exceeds that of every Lord of the Rings film. This is classic storytelling, in James Cameron's simple yet powerful directing style. Although Avatar may seem like the average action flick of today, many of Cameron's old-time trademarks are clearly evident. There are plenty of rolling feet shots, notorious one-liners from villainous characters (like those found in Aliens, True Lies, and Terminator 2) and the action flows very nicely in true Cameron style. The writing was also very nostalgic. Cameron does not rely on complex, mind-wrenching dialogue to tell his story. The romance was well written, and character development is clearly evident as Jake Sully undergoes his transitional phase on Pandora. Some people criticize this Avatar's dialogue for coming out as a bit clichéd and "corny." I honestly would not have enjoyed the film if the dialogue tried to hard to be revolutionary. An epic adventure like this just needs powerful acting behind the lines to work, and in that area, Avatar delivers. Sam Worthington is great and this film is yet another great example of how the Australian actor is quickly becoming one of the best and prolific actors of this generation. Zoe Saldana brought the bold, strong, and fearless character of Neytiri to life. She served as a great love interest character and her Na'vi background helped enhance how valuable of a character she is. Sigourney Weaver's performance as Grace Augustine, a botanist who specializes on Pandoran plant life, is also great as one can expect from her. The villainous Colonel Quaritch was also a fantastic character thanks to Stephen Lang's absolutely powerful performances. Cameron implemented a wonderful and fearless villain into the film and every character (including the wildlife of Pandora) stood out on it's own.I cannot find words to describe the visual impact of this film. Breathtaking, phenomenal, and amazing are all understatements. The amount of painstaking effort put into realizing the world of Pandora really paid off. The entire alien planet, including the Na'vi characters, is computer-generated, yet many shots would make the viewer wonder where they shot the film on location. New and extensive performance capture techniques were created for this film. Cameron improved upon previous motion capture methods that were used for characters such as Gollum (The Lord of the Rings) and Davy Jones (Pirates of the Caribbean) in order to make his computer-generated characters more life-like. The Na'vis convey real emotions down to the very small muscles on their faces. The attention to detail was so carefully handled that you do not worry about things being over-the-top. You simply believe that the setting is there and the characters are undergoing a huge conflict within it. The design involved in the film was astounding and a lot of caring dedication was put into the character designs. A full phonetic language was designed from the ground up for the Na'vi civilization, in addition to a full background lore and mythology for the population. The animals look like ordinary animals at first glance, but when you see them up close with repeated viewings, you realize how alien they are. The predatory creatures that dwell in the forests of Pandora look absolutely menacing, and the dragon-like Ikrans serve a great purpose in the entire movie. James Cameron, along with other top-notch artists like Neville Page (of Cloverfield and Star Trek fame) and others from WETA Digital created a new world full of wildlife, plants, geographical locations, and a humanoid population. Pandora is simply a living and breathing world that is truly a sight to see in which the 3D effect greatly enhances.Avatar is a film experience that will be remembered for years to come. James Cameron has succeeded once again in creating a wonderfully entertaining film with the perfect balance between love, action, and mild comedy. In addition to this, the director has taken another step in upgrading the way we watch films in the future.

Let me start this off with a few words on originality in film. I like to judge movies on a purely subjective level, so the originality of a plot or idea is is only relevant to me insofar as it begets predictability. So, while I criticize Avatar for being an extremely predictable film, I don't consider its supposed lack of originality, probably its most universally criticized aspect, to be relevant. Cross-medium adaptations don't catch any flak because they acknowledge their intent to re-film the same plot. Instead they are judged on how well they are able to capitalize on the storytelling strengths of the new medium while retelling said plot. No Country For Old Men is a perfect example of this. And I'm telling you that Avatar is an example of this as well. The 3D film is used so well in this film, it transcends "gimmick" status and becomes an amazing tool of immersion. It sounds like a studio-issued tag-line, but really, you have not experienced a film the way that you experience this one in 3D, on a large screen. You have seen this story before, but with Avatar you really feel like you are experiencing it through a whole new medium.Okay, that was more than a few words. Sorry. Here is my actual review:There are two things that this film does so well that its flaws are completely overshadowed (flaws such as frequently weak dialogue, a handful of cheese, predictable plot, lack of secondary character development).First, it shows Jake Sully's gradual immersion into Pandora and Na'vi culture, and brings us along for the ride. His character arc is sublimely executed, and the world in which it occurs is mind-blowingly cool and fully realized (It is also worth noting that the love story is almost embarrassingly sincere, which I consider to be a plus, but can be kind of awkward to watch with friends). By the end of the film you will feel like you yourself have spent time living among the Na'vi on Pandora, and it is a truly intoxicating experience (I want to fly around on a dragon too, damn it). Leaving the theater, I had the feeling that you get after waking up from a very pleasant dream: genuinely disappointed that it isn't real, but still high from the experience.Seriously, I would kill for either: A: a zombie apocalypse; B: a trip to Pandora Second, it sets up and executes the mother of all action sequences. The film gradually builds tension over its 160 min. running time, contrasting Jake's love for his newfound life with escalating displays of imperialist douchebaggery culminating in a couple of tragedies that really hit you where it hurts. I already knew exactly how the final battle would turn out, but god damn did I want to see it happen. Now, some people view any kind of action scene as a flaw for reasons I cannot fathom, but as an action movie aficionado, my eyes honestly welled up at the absolute magnitude of spectacle that I was witnessing. Maybe it was the IMAX, and maybe it was the 3D, but this movie had absolutely the greatest climactic action scene I have ever seen. I mean, better than the hospital sequence in Hard Boiled or the church scene in The Killer, better than anything in the Matrix trilogy, better than the last 20 minutes of Raiders of Wu-tang or the last 10 minutes of The Mystery of Chessboxing, better than any of Cameron's previous action scenes, and certainly better than any of Michael Bay's incoherently edited crap.Avatar is a remarkably focused, entertaining, and well-paced epic. Never have I seen a film of this length that felt so short. There Will Be Blood, probably my favorite film of the decade, is about the same length but feels twice as long. Not once during the running time of this film was I bored. Yes, the film has a few flaws that would be enough to cripple a lesser film, but in the face of what this film achieves, they seem negligible. This is not a film that tries to impress you through its plot; it focuses entirely on visceral entertainment. Aside from the initial exposition, any time that is not spent on some sort of immersing spectacle is spent setting up some sort of immersing spectacle, and yet it never feels like empty entertainment; we are always emotionally attached to the characters and events. Avatar is a remarkable achievement and sets a new benchmark for blockbusters that I fear not many will be able to meet.I give it a 9.5 out of 10, but I think it deserves a 10 more than it deserves a 9.

A year after all the hype for this movie and I finally decide to write my review... but only after I watch it again on DVD.I have to admit, this movie is actually better in 2D. I could look at all the pretty things without staring at migraine-inducing blurry nothingness for three hours.I tried to suspend disbelief while I watched this movie. It didn't work the first time, and it didn't work this second time. I couldn't really enjoy this flick as I have that other terrible movie, Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen. At least with that movie, one can sit there and enjoy the CGI without being too distracted by the lousy storyline.I face palmed often throughout my second viewing of this ridiculous, corny flick. Its story is beyond stupid, it is so insipid and so utterly lame it completely unraveled the great work WETA Digital did for this movie. It is totally impossible to sit there and enjoy WETA Digital's CGI effects without Mr Cameron's lousy, political environmental, anti American (LOL, isn't he a white American too) agenda slamming into your face over and over and over again.OK, Mr Cameron. I get that the Human Race are nothing more than hideous, evil orcs, trolls and goblins using advanced technology to kick the noble, beautiful, blue-skinned, cat-faced, 10 foot tall American Indians off their land so they can get the filthy rich Unobtainium all for themselves. Because, the evil corporation headed by that airhead white American CEO don't want to save the Earth with that stuff, oh no. They just want to shove it all in a bank vault and let this Unobtainium's value increase over a few decades give or take. This should send their corporation's shares through the roof, they'll be the richest evil humans in the history of human kind!!!This movie's portrayal of the American Military was idiotic, unbelievable and poorly presented and like the evil, vindictive, greedy, planet-raping American corporation, just as ridiculous and cliché riddled.Characters were horrible caricatures and acting was by-the-numbers cliché cardboard cutouts. Mr Worthington was especially poor and laughable, as was his co-star, that screaming, hissing, crying, over-emoting soapy, the giant blue cat-chick. Her performance was creepy, horrible and unbelievable. She knows this dude is a human, yet she still lays down and has sex with him? WTF? In the most awkward fail of a sex scene I've ever seen in a movie. So their sex is the same as ours? Their genitals are the same? They have human woman breasts, just on giant ten foot tall blue emaciated smurf bodies. They suck face the same too, just with vampire teeth and "hair plugs". Uggghk.The flying scenes weren't as good as the flying scenes in How to Train Your Dragon. Wall-e was better with its environmental message. Heck, even Princess Mononoke has a better story concerning Earth, Forest guardians, and protecting the environment. Plus, the characters from these movies have more personality and humility, which not a single character from Avatar has. I didn't even like Sigourney Weaver's character, and she's an awesome actress. I still don't get how a dumb, trigger-happy marine could suddenly go from crippled nobody to the Na'vi's version of Return of the King! That not even the scientists could achieve, and they'd been on that planet, what - five years? Rolls eyes. The worst aspect of this "film" was the battle scene at the end. The idiot marine-come-smurf decides the only answer to a conflict is to inflict genocidal murder and violence. Rolls eyes. You'd think a movie three hours long would see him change from trigger-happy gun-toting douche-bomb to someone understanding that violence is definitely NOT the answer. Nope. Now he's a red-bird riding, gun-toting, trigger-happy, arrow shooting war-smurf on the absolute, murderous, anti-human rampage. Rolls eyes.And to add insult to injury, he willingly offs himself (no conflict in sight here though!) so he can keep that nice piece of tail all to himself forever and ever.What a fairytail ending to a fairy tale masquerading as a "science fiction epic".BOO!!! Mr Cameron!!!1/10

I watched this film awhile back in December. Before watching it, my brother told me (even though he hasn't seen the movie yet) that it was going to be bad. When I watched the trailer, I wasn't really captivated by it. I originally thought it was only a bunch of CGI's and no heart in the movie. After watching it, I was totally surprised.This movie is a feast to the human eyes. There are things in the movie that you haven't seen before in your life. It's probably the most beautiful movie you will ever see. The visuals are great; it's like you are actually part of the Avatar world. Aside from the visuals, there's a heart in this movie. You can relate to the characters the pain, the love, and the suffering they're experiencing the plot even though most of the characters are motion-captured! James Cameron, not only gives us a beautiful movie but a beautiful experience as well. It feels like being a kid again. This movie will go into the classics and the best film-making as one of the most beautiful film ever made. A must see in IMAX 3D but even without that, the journey never loses its excitement! Go watch Avatar and feast your eyes with delight! 10/10

First I would like to state that this is my actual opinion. I am not putting in an extreme to try to balance off everybody else as seems so prevalent in these reviews. I put my money where my pen is so to speak. So first I will provide evidence that this is my actual opinion: My wife and I VERY seldom watch TV, but we do watch 3-4 movies/week. So although we do have a life outside of watching movies, we have literally watched thousands of movies. I have a sizable investment in home theater gear, so we do not feel compelled to go to the theater very often (a couple times a year). When we do, we are normally content to wait until the DVD is released to see the movie again (if ever). Prior to this, there was only one movie I had EVER seen more than once in the theater. That movie was Star Wars and although many of my contemporaries saw it 11 or more times, I was content to see it twice in the theater. Tomorrow, we are going to see this movie the third time in 3-D (I won't see it in 2-D because I can do that over and over again in my home when the DVD comes out.) and I am not ruling out seeing it yet again before it is pulled from the theaters. This shows a landmark change in my viewing patterns and I believe that I can be believed that I am rating it a 10 because I feel it is a landmark movie rather than trying to have an inordinate sway on the overall ratings.The movie was visually stunning, quick paced and quite a bit of fun to watch. It was a superb MOVIE.There are quite a bit of other reviews summarizing the plot and key points, so I will address some of the negative points.Many have said that the plot was very simple. While this is true, science fiction and fantasy have a hard time adapting to the screen if they have an overcomplicated plot. The reason is that much of the movie time is used to explain the framework. This could be technology or magic or whatever variables make up this fantastic world. The alternative is to have a movie that cannot stand on its own. "Dune" and "Battlefield Earth" were both excellent books with too much plot to make a good movie. Simple plots with well developed frameworks tend to make the best sci-fi/fantasy movies such as "The Thirteenth Floor", "Soylent Green" and "Clockwork Orange". Even "Star Wars" is very simple if evaluated only by its premiere movie. It is only after several movies that a more complicated fabric emerges. That is why stable "Universes" such as "Star Trek" are common. Once the framework has been developed, then relatively short stories can be more complicated since the framework doesn't have to be explained over again.There have been several objections to the use of "unobtainium" as a ludicrous name for a material. "Unobtainium" is not new to this movie. It is a common engineering/fictional concept that has been around at least since the 1950s (see the Wikipedia article). It even has its own symbol (Uo). It is funny. Get over it.There have also been several objections to the faculty that the aliens have with the English language. Excessive use of subtitles would detract from the movie far more than frequent usage of a non-existent language would.There have been objections that the movie is predictable. OK, it isn't a who-done-it, and being unpredictable is not required for a show to be good. I absolutely love the BBC "The Blue Planet" series, and all of the fish behave exactly the way I would expect them to.My advice is if you want cerebral sci-fi/fantasy with exotic locations and complex plot lines, read a book. If you want a wonderful trip into an exotic land watch this movie. I think it is beyond compare and the box office seems to indicate that I am not alone.

I have been a regular on IMDb for many years. i did not however venture onto the Avatar discussion board before this was released and I am disturbed to see such insanity from both sides of the camp.People are destined to hate this, out of jealousy or some some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. People are also destined to love this movie, many of you here have been in love with the film for years strangely enough! Whether you are a hater or a fan, the only opinion that counts is from the guy who didn't sit in either camp, who didn't give a damn when he walked through those cinema doors! I have been a lover of movies for years. When I watched Gladiator at the age of 15 I was hooked on films. I rarely dislike a good movie and I always dislike a poor one. Avatar was given 261 minutes of my full attention, would the movie speak to me I wondered? Would I understand it's language? Or would I leave unimpressed?Avatar, as we speak, is about to smash pirates and Lord of the Rings from 2nd and 3rd place on the box Office podium. Cameron will occupy the top spot for another 13 years and in my opinion, Titanic will be displaced! Counting inflation, Avatar will turn out to be the biggest movie of all time!I have reserved some judgement aside, based on the fact this was my first 3D viewing since 3D became the new sliced bread. I liked the format during the trailers and I was impressed at how much it had come along in recent years. I had a basic knowledge of the Avatar plot, through the trailers and the odd article. Avatar is high end concept for the most demanding and critical movie going audience in history - it needed the execution of the most high end director. Within 20 minutes, Cameron seeks to immerse you in Pandora, in this strange world, in his dream! As a fan of historical epics, I was amazed at the sheer grandeur of Avatar, the scale and magnitude of it's environments is beyond compare - the 3D working overtime to blow you away.The story is great, very basic good vs bad with a hint of The Last Samurai but by know means repetitive or prosaic in any way. We understand how Jake can fall in love with his new surroundings and we realise the ulterior motives of the humans from the offset. Pandora is an incredible experience because it takes you places that your imagination rarely manages in a dream! An charged forest habitat, lighting up, speaking to the navi. The creatures at one with the natives. A paraplegic in pandora can stand, he can walk and run, and he can fly! The dragon-like creatures give us the most stunning aerial views of the planet as well as show case the power of 'The Hive' (Jackson's Weta computer sound stage responsible for the live cgi we see) and what it brings to our eyes. It beggars belief that this was not possible a decade ago and now a new door had been discovered, unlocked and fully opened.As Jake spends his days and nights learning the way of the Navi, so forms the love story. War does not come without love, or without a woman. Tried and tested formula, but not a dead one seeing as this love is between a human and Navi. The idea is brilliant and it becomes more dream-like as the story progresses - only when in the MRI scanner can Jake fly through the trees with Neytiri and forget about his mission. The viewer is left in pain because of the sheer unconventional means the two characters can interact and be with one another. The ending serves as a delight to those with more interest in the forming love story. however before we get to the end, we are subjected to the most stunning intergalactic battle committed to cinema in recent times, perhaps in all time. Never has the impossible looked more real!On a human level, the emotions run wild. On a visual scale, we are left breathless. And on a personal note, 10 years after being blown away by Gladiator, I remain in complete awe of what can be done when someone has a special idea and stands by it. Cameron will not repeat his success here, truly the stuff of dreams.I was sceptical when I went to see Ridley's masterpiece, which for the last 10 years has remained my favourite film, as I never though a film could speak to me in the manner it did. Now I have been captivated by Avatar, I got that feeling once more and I understand it's language. If Avatar is a failure, then it is a failure which towers above any other movies successes!

I first heard about James Cameron's "Avatar" about three years ago on IMDb, and have been waiting eagerly for it ever since. And now that it's here, I can say that it is definitely worth the wait. "Avatar" is nothing short of a masterpiece.Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is contacted by the US government to help on a mission: On a new planet called Pandora, some very valuable mineral ore has been discovered, but unfortunately, the largest supply is under a tree where an indigenous people, the Na'vi, live. The government, led by Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi, in full-on big biz asshole mode), wants them to relocate, and to that end, they have enlisted the military to help, led by Col. Quaritch (a chillingly evil Stephen Lang). A scientist, Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver), is researching the planet and teaching the natives in order to find a more diplomatic solution. To do this, she has created avatars, which are Na'vi which humans, like Sully, can control through a machine. But when Sully becomes accepted by the Na'vi, he finds his loyalties tested.This isn't an actors movie, but the performances work. Sam Worthington is effective in a low-key performance, but he's capable of more volatile acting when the situation calls for it. Zoe Saldana is very good in the role of his teacher/love interest. Giovanni Ribisi is terrific as the money-loving jerk, calling to mind his villainous performance in "Flight of the Phoenix" remake, but he's not creepy here, just a jerk. After seeing him in a few previous performances and in the trailer, I had my doubts about Stephen Lang. I was proved wrong though, Quaritch is a nasty piece of work, and a terrific villain. Sigourney Weaver is good as the somewhat bitchy scientist, but she's still sympathetic.This is James Cameron's show, however. The story may be familiar, but a story is only as good as how well it's told. And "Avatar" is told brilliantly. Cameron has patience; he knows that the audience is going to be so enamored with visuals that it will be hard for them to concentrate on the story. Cameron allows time for the audience to get used to the visuals before the story really begins, thus two parts of our brain are not battling for control (although the visuals never cease to amaze).The best thing about "Avatar" is the sense of excitement. Even the most involving action movies don't get the sense of excitement going, at least not to this level. This is an immensely fun and exciting movie, and a must-see.This is an incredible film; I can't stress that enough. And I can't wait to see it again.Note: I didn't really notice the 3D, but maybe it was because I was sitting kind of far back. Oh well, it's worth it either way.

At first, I was rather skeptical of the movie, I heard Avatar and thought 'The Last Airbender'. Then I saw a trailer and became enamored with the movie. Then, when I went to see the film, it lived up to my expectations and them some. Granted, the plot is not the strongest feature of the movie, but it is there and it makes everything flow along nicely. The important characters get plenty of screen time and are all pretty likable, especially the main antagonist, Colonel Quartich. Okay, maybe likable isn't the right word, but he's cool. And extremely BA, because who would kick out an airlock to shoot at people? Or barely reacts to being on fire? Anyways, none of those people are the real star of the show. The world, Pandora steals that title. It's a rich, alien world that will be a feast for the eyes. The wildlife is familiar in concept, but completely alien. Also, one last thought. While the wildlife looks absolutely amazing, so does everything else in this movie. The machines, the Na'vi, the world, the people. All of it looks fantastic. And, shell out the extra money to see this in 3d, ignore the headache, and prepare to be amazed.

I sat through these nearly three hours of Avatar and I have to admit I really liked it. I didn't want to see that movie, because I'm a bit disappointed by American cinema lately, but my brother was psyched, so I joined him.At first: We saw that movie in 3d, but I doubt this feature adding something special to the experience of the movie. However there were some scenes worth watching in 3d, but I could really have spared the expense without missing anything.And that's due to the fact that there was so much to see in that movie, that you forget about 3d really soon and concentrate on the beautiful work of the landscape design artists. There are so many ideas being realized in that Pandora nature. So many details that create the feel of a complete world rather than what you see elsewhere, when they have some pretty ideas, but use magic plot holes to bypass the logical flaws.Avatar takes its time to tell its story. That means you have to watch it really long. I mean if someone tells you a really good story, you can listen to it for three hours, but of course: This is a long time. Sure this time is never wasted, but tends to address different 'moods': Sometimes it's extensive action, sometimes it's just visual entertainment ('watching the beauty of Pandora'), sometimes revealing emotions etc.The story itself I consider to be an Anti-War-Statement. And it's the best I have seen in American cinema until now. Saving Privat Ryan was good to show that war is on your own expense too. But Avatar concentrates on the question: "Does, just because you have a gun, mean you're right?" or alternatively "Is your way of living the only one worth trying?". Of course this is a bit of a cliché and the bad guy in the movie is a really bad ass bastard, so if you side with the natives you'll really love to see his payoff. And that's somehow exploited I think.Overall Pandora is my favorite movie in the categories: Anti-War-Movie and Oh-My-God-3-Hours-Movie.Watch it if you have enough steadiness, if you can stand more than the one 'mood' that is action and if you're not offended by an offensive Anti-War-Statement.

*Possible Spoilers Ahead* Just came out of Avatar's Australian debut, certain cinemas decided to show an advanced screening in 3D (on 16/12/2009).What follows is a story & visual effects that are mind boggling. The story is a mix between previous Hollywood films, a cross between The Last Samurai & The Last of the Mohicans, among a few others. But the story is where the similarities end.Put simply, James Cameron, has & will always be a visionary for Hollywood along with anyone remotely connected to the science of making movies. "Avatar" will be used as a benchmark for future 3D films. 2D looks like a thing of the past.Sam "Worthy" Worthington deserves all the praise one can muster, his unquestionable work ethic and honesty will lead him to be one of the most successful actors of this generation. I do not tag Sam "Worthy" for nothing - without his dedication to the role of Jake Sully, this movie would have been grossly incomplete.The star of "Avatar" is BLU-JAKE (his alter ego - or what I shall refer to him - not surprisingly the so called "AVATAR" himself), however the character of Blu-Jake has been compared to having the morals & dilemmas of Captain Nathan Algren (T Cruise's character in "The Last Samurai"). The dilemma over who & what is right or wrong, and using that as a benchmark to judge himself - What looked to me like a character struggling with inner conflict.The story revolves around humans wanting to take advantage of a mineral on the distant planet Pandora, although with disastrous results.As "Jake Sully" mentions in the trailer "The Strong Prey on the Weak" is the major theme of the film, and how the so-called "weak" choose to fight back with the help of nature.Possibly the best film in recent years. Cameron NEVER FAILS to deliver and we wait for AVATAR 2 & 3 with eager anticipation, let's not keep it another 12 years, Jimbo :D If the AMPAS fail to honor the film for Best Director & Best VFX at the 2010 Oscars, they may as well be shooting themselves in the foot, for credit ought to be given when it's due.I happily rate the film a full 10.

...........................................................from Pasto,Colombia...Via: L.A. CA., CALI, COLOMBIA and ORLANDO, FL There have been only about a score or so of films that have transcended being simply a movie and, because of their unprecedented impact upon many millions of viewers, have contributed to our culture, becoming part of it, and more recently, to that of the entire world. After being 62nd birthday-treated to AVATAR in IMAX 3-D by my wife, I state, for the record, it is an incomparable voyage, a magical mystery tour experience, to a poignant culture-clash on an enchanted world most distant both in time and spaceA movie it is not! Visionary James Cameron has created, crafted and orchestrated a labor of love for the ages. At long last, CGI has come of age, finding in AVATAR a vehicle capable of demonstrating the awesome splendor of its true potential. We are transported to an intricately designed world, complete with a Neolithic race of aliens, rich with culture and traditions, speaking its own uniquely linguistically engineered on-screen language (A Cinema First) As for the "It's Anti- American!" grumblings: 1) The troops were not even U.S., they were corporate hired guns! 2) Life isn't about winning or losing battles: It's about living in harmony with one's environmentAt least that's how I saw it. Wow! Talk about nefarious agendas! In the opening seconds, James Cameron seems to pay tribute to both 2001 and Star Wars. Some reviewers have mentioned a similitude to Pocahontas. There were different moments that conjured up memories of story threads from many different films, but thematically, Dances With Wolves was, perhaps, closest. However, a straight up comparison to any other film does not do AVATAR justice. It is totally in a league of its own.Every aspect of AVATAR is practically hyperbole-proof. Just look at the plethora of gushing reviews. Yet, amazingly, there are some 2*, even 1* ratings! Honestly, I can't fathom how anyone who has ventured more than 100 miles from their place of birth could rate it less than 5*. (The word Provincial keeps popping into my head!) Closing words: The only film in my life that raised the cinematic bar more was Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey(1968) Don't just see AVATARExperience it! 10*....ENJOY/DISFRUTELA! Any comments, questions or observations, in English o en Español, are most welcome!.....KissEnglishPasto@Yahoo.com

Avatar is, as you will have seen from other reviews, probably the most visually stunning movie ever made. The scenes of the beauty of Pandora will knock you out! Watching the movie it was very easy to forget (and I did) that the characters were CGI creatures, so real were they implemented. The beauty of the film is contrasted with the gung ho American marines and the greed of the mining company trying to exploit the natural resources of Pandora, without in any way understanding its beauty or the close bond felt by the Pandorans to their environment and the other life on the planet.The plot of the film is excellent and the soundtrack superb, frequently making you jump with unexpected highly realistic sounds.The best film I have seen in a very long time, way up there with the Lord of the Rings, my previous favourite film (and story) of all time.I felt that the Director was trying to say something about man in this film, on the one hand able to be noble and capable of creating stunning beauty (just see the visuals in this film) and the contrasting violence, greed and stupidity that we can show. God knows what will happen if and when we do meet aliens, they will probably be shot to pieces before we can ever learn anything about them! In summary, don't hesitate to see this film, I defy you not to be enthralled in the stunning beauty of Pandora and the superb story.

The full movie is take your breath away! I have to admit that it's quite easy to impress me, but when i left the cinema I was just amazed. First of all to say is that the visual effects and the whole setting of this movie is absolutely unique yet and will be for a few years still, I think.The movie really impressed me it has the best specials effects you could ever seen, and the movie was really intense, with explosions screams, cries and other things. The action takes place in 2154 on Pandora who is the theater of the shock between human beings come exploit a rare ore and the natives population, the Na' vi who live in perfect symbiosis with their environment and try to defend themselves in front of the militarized invasion. The central character of the story is Jake Sully, a paraplegic marine which, via its adversity, is going to have to choose his camp with as stake the fate of the planet.The Surrounding on "Pandora" doesn't let you breathe for several minutes in which you just cannot close your mouth. But this is NOT what makes this movie unique and so awesome! The story is really a great part of it, and gives the film its spirit. OK, it IS predictable, but many tiny parts that are unexpected just give it the suspense it needs. The emotions displayed on the characters faces were incredibly detailed, especially Neytiri. It all looked so real.... The flying scenes were incredible, and the scenes when the humans interact with the Na'Vi were flawless. It was amazing. But what I liked the most was the scrip and the story between the Navi and the human ever if I particularly love how the actors were modernize. The scene which really gave me a big thrill is the final fight. Lots of emotions are waiting for the viewer, laughter and tears also.It looked so real... I really wanted it to never end .This was probably the first movie that I actually was disappointed that it ended. I spend a real good time watching this movie and I think I will remember oh it for a long time. Avatar was probably the greatest movie I have ever seen in my life. The special effects were jaw-dropping, and i didn't even see the movie in 3-D.

It's movies like this that are a reminder that story should always be the number one priority when making a movie. The amount of clichés at multiple phases in the movie is unbelievable. It would be too easy to point out obvious and rather blatant rip offs that occur throughout (going into a misunderstood tribal group, sacred trees, being in tune with nature). After all I was almost shocked I didn't see the writers of the Disney version of Pocahontas credited as assistant writers.After saying this, I have to give credit where credit is due. James Cameron's vision for film making is unmatched by anyone. The visuals are outstanding; entertaining and saved me from regretting laying down the extra two dollars to see this film in 3-D (it's not worth it to see the regular version). It is obvious that Cameron has unparallel dedication and drive to make a film that people will want to see. This same dedication and drive made him want to handle writing this one himself. Few posses the power to demand the type of budget that Cameron can and it's obvious this film could not have been made without a substantial budget. If you would have combined this new ground breaking and visually stunning technology, with an equally moving and unique script then that's the movie I want to see.Am I disappointed I invested 162 minutes and $10.50 into this movie? No. The visual themselves are worth the price. But at points you will be nauseated, you will roll your eyes, and will ask the question: Why does Hollywood not think we can handle a good story anymore?

AVATAR seems like a good film for a thirteen-year-old boy on LSD. In fact, it still might be too tedious. Wow, this was mindbogglingly tedious. It was SOOOOOO tedious that it was torture sitting through the first 1hr42 minutes so as to leave only one more hour of tedium for the second night, during which I had to take breaks every fifteen minutes just to survive. Did people actually sit in their seats in theaters for 2hr42min? I find that nearly impossible to believe.And yet, it appears, people actually liked this! Who are the people who laud this film? (Do I know any of them?) This was so ridiculously lame, from the plagiarized plot(-not!) to the trite dialogue and rampant clichés, from the sappy sentimentalism to the hypocritical moral condescension and truly embarrassing attempt to educate the ignorant masses about the history of the American Indians and all of the other people victimized by the U.S. military. As a matter of fact, I am a lefty with strong anti-war, anti-military leanings who is appalled by the history of what my own government has done with my hard-earned federal tax dollars even within my lifetime, to say nothing of what went on before. But even I could not stomach this thinly veiled, heavy-handed moralistic critique aimed at--who, precisely? Honestly, what a pile of pablum! As though the lack of any shred--or even the thinnest thread--of originality in the "plot" (apparently "penned"--er--plagiarized by Cameron in three weeks, which as matter of fact seems awfully long, given the condition of the final product) were not fatal enough, the women of the victimized native tribe all happen to look like a cross between Cher Bono and Paris Hilton, and they all have yellow teeth and wear green cabochon chokers and hiss like cats! Oh, and they also do yoga and listen to new age music. I kid you not!!!But I cannot waste another precious minute of my life on this piece of tripe. Suffice it instead to say that AVATAR is SOOOOO bad that if it was a blockbuster and people are truly vaunting it as a masterpiece, well, I can only say that this does not bode well for the future of Western civilization.

I cannot believe the praise this film has been getting! Sure it looks pretty, but, will that really hold the test of time? Video games will look this good in a few years. How did James Cameron's depiction of aliens degrade so much since the 80's? If you're gonna spend this much money to make a movie hire someone to write a non-laughable and at least reasonably original script? Or why bother, because plenty of people seemed to eat it up...Unobtainium? really? You couldn't think of a made up name for your space metal that you had to call it unobtainium? Whats worst of all, I have to wake up each day and come to terms that I live in a world where complete and utter crap like this is passed off as a good movie.

First of all I would like to place upon my sincere thanks towards Mr James Cameroon for taking his valuable five years of his life for making a movie no one except him could have ever imagined.. Being under pressure of humongous amount of money stake he carried the expectations with ease and expertise.. This is not just a movie.. Its a rich experience which may eventually blow of your mind.. All in a future high-tech metaphora, of enormous weaponry and spaceships and a primitive jungle world that's both weird but also so familiar...Hats off to James for his thinking and imagination..(He even created a language for the creatures living on the James-made-Planet).. For performance I would love to take two names: Sam Worthington and Michelle Rodriguez.. Both were superb in their roles.. Sam's simplicity initially will take you as a surprise and watch out for his performance during the fight sequence as a Na'vi.. He will surely walk away with loads of accolades.. Cinematography is pragmatic and enigmatic.. VFX and Graphics used are marvelous.. James' Direction is humongous superb and breath taking.. After allowing the likes of Michael Bay and Roland Emmerich to try and direct large action films he returns to show them how a master does it..My advice: "Take out 3 hrs of time out of your lives(even if you are not a movie buff) to enjoy an experience nobody ever imagined.. Just buy a tub of popcorn and a soft drink and enjoy"My Rating: 9.5/10Thanks & Regards

Let me start by clearing a few things up. Avatar is the kind of film you have to see in the cinema to enjoy it fully ( and in 3D if possible). I was lucky enough to stumble upon the film a few months ago and foolishly dismissed it. Then two days ago me and a few of my friends were on our way to see 2012 and got stuck buying food and so were very late. We decided to skip 2012 and go see Avatar instead.A full 165 minutes later I walked out of there fully convinced of that James Cameron is a certified genius. The amount of detail in the world that he has created for the Na vi (the blue people) is astounding. The level of colour and detail draws you in like nothing I have ever experienced and the 3D really is incredible.Now the main point the critics of the film focus on the storytelling and its slow pace towards the beginning . Now not only is this an unjust and misleading comment but it is a total lie. The film sets up a beautifully crafted story that demonstrates the power of human emotion and what happens when we loose site of it. There was not a single moment in the film where I was wondering what was happening or why and I doubt that any director could fit such a breathtaking story into anything less that 2 hours 30 minutes. It once again proves Cameron creative genius and gives us a terrifying insight into the path that humanity is taking and what we will become. He has always tried to highlight this in his past films with Carter Burke in Aliens and Caledon Hockley in Titanic, both portraying the bastard capitalists.There are very few things that can be leveled against this film but I do not believe that I can think of any. In my view Avatar is not just the best film I have ever seen but the best cinematic experience I have had in my 15 years in this world.

After seeing this movie Friday night, I don't see how anyone could walk out of the theater having watched this movie and not be impressed -- especially if it was seen in 3D. I saw this movie in Digital 3D and it was truly the most incredible cinematic experience I've ever had. I plan to re-watch it in IMAX 3D later on. What Cameron and his team created was more than a movie -- they created an experience, one that shouldn't be missed. If you miss out on this movie, you miss out on cinematic history. The world that Cameron and his team created is one you may never want to leave. I didn't feel the nearly 3 hour length of this experience -- to me, it breezed by. It's unforgettable.Granted, its familiar story has been told numerous times, but Avatar succeeds in making it feel fresh with new ideas and absolutely gorgeous beauty. The familiar story doesn't diminish the experience in any way. It's chalk-full of memorable moments and the final battle alone is worth the price of admission.See it. Really. I don't say this as a fan of this film, I say this as a fan of film in general.

How often do you get to see a turning point in cinematic history? Not in hindsight, but as it is actually happening? Not often. Those watching The Jazz Singer in 1927 (debut of audible dialogue) or Becky Sharp in 1935 (introduction of Technicolor) experienced it. I wasn't born for another eight years, but I have read and heard that when Star Wars first came out in 1977 people were feeling a similar way; that they were witnessing something never before seen that would change movies from that point on. Has it really been 32 years between motion pictures that have had this impact? Well, revolutionary movies wouldn't be revolutionary if they came along all the time.James Cameron's long-awaited, much-touted 3D motion-capture technique is a step towards the future. What we see on screen during Avatar is nearly impossible to explain with words. But I'll try. Do you think 3D is just a gimmick? Think again. The depth and clarity afforded by the third dimension is invaluable; it immerses you into the action so well that you aren't sitting in a cinema for three hours, you enter a whole new world. Forget the blurry patches to the sides of the screen or the impossibility of seeing things that are moving too fast, as experienced in previous 3D flicks, with Avatar you see everything as if it were real.The digital surroundings that Cameron has created (so he could shoot his actors with mo-cap in an environment that already existed) are awe-inspiring. Pandora is a beautiful forest and jungle-like land, whilst its non-Na'vi inhabitants are exotic and exhilarating in equal parts. The realism of this fantasy world is extraordinary; from the opening shot to the closing credits, Pandora and all its creatures do exist. In addition, and most importantly, the motion-capture technique used for the Na'vi is astounding. Cameron's groundbreaking technology enables the Na'vi to look, move and interact realistically; the smallest of nuances from the actors, including pupil movement, have been mimicked flawlessly onto their digital counterparts.The aforementioned visual revelations are unsurprisingly marvellous during the action sequences – the climactic battle is undoubtedly the standout – however they lend themselves to the subtler scenes just as well. Cameron refuses to use his pioneering invention just for spectacle; he wants it to assist in capturing the minds and hearts of his audience. Take for example a couple of the scenes where the Na'vi fly on their local birdlife. To experience something so graceful and elegant, yet so thrilling and jaw-dropping, is where the real pleasure lies.Most gratifying is not all the optical splendour on offer mind you, it is the powerful tale that it is in aid of. Cameron's account of love, war and nature is more affecting than you might expect. Avatar boasts a screenplay which at times will make you laugh, at times make you cheer and at times make your heart heavy. It never neglects the story and even infuses the action with a surprisingly high level of emotion. A pivotal scene midway through where the humans launch their first attack is genuinely gut-wrenching and shattering; evoking similar feelings you get when watching the atrocities committed in wars gone by. Cameron is greatly assisted by James Horner's booming score too; it's African-esquire sounds giving it an exotic and poignant feel that match the proceedings perfectly.Hollywood's new kid on the block, Aussie actor Sam Worthington, delivers a star-making performance as the conflicted Jake that, along with his turns in Terminator Salvation and the upcoming Clash of the Titans, will surely see him catapult to the top of the A-list. The unrecognisable Zoe Saldana is breathtaking as Neytiri; Sigourney Weaver adds her usual class and elegance as the 'mother' of the Avatar program, Dr Augustine; Michelle Rodriguez gives a career-best performance as the cocky yet likable pilot Trudy Chacon; whilst Stephen Lang makes one heck of a badass.James Cameron: thanks for giving this 24 y.o. his first chance to witness a turning point in cinematic history. It will not be forgotten.5 out of 5 (1 - Rubbish, 2 - Ordinary, 3 - Good, 4 - Excellent, 5 - Classic)

We've been waiting a long time for this to turn up on the big screen... well, here it is, AVATAR, the new blockbuster by James Cameron, having devoured some 300 million dollars... was it worth it?The Marine veteran Jack Sully, now handicapped, joins a research group on a moon called Pandora. These researchers employ so-called 'Avatars,' genetic reproductions of the Pandora natives, to win the natives' trust. These natives, the Navi, are physically superior beings, blue in color, and catlike in their motions; humans can connect with these clones and control them as if they were their own bodies. Reason for this whole endeavor is, of course, some rare resource that is beneath the natives' tribal home. Having learned to control his Avatar, Sully soon infiltrates the tribe - yet has to struggle with his conscience as he falls in love with a Navi huntress and the Navi highly complex traditions. In order to protect the natives, Scully will have to betray his own race...Admittedly, Cameron's plot isn't very original: it sounds like a Western at first, where Native Americans fight to protect their lands against the imperialistic settlers, pushing the Frontier westwards. Also, you could easily employ the movie's plot onto the colonial times, where colonists exploited the native tribes of Africa, depriving them of their resources, leaving only barren wasteland behind.The idea of the Avatar, however, is something that has never before been used so perfect: whereas it naturally offers a lot of potential conflicts and other problematic issues, the tension is rising with every passing minute - will the humans in charge just pull the plug? And although there are scenes which have been on the screen before, it never tires you.Not a single boring moment in 166 minutes - that's a new record, I reckon. There are no lengths whatsoever - every grand landscape shot is exactly where it is supposed to be, and the movie never attempts to substitute some intrinsic deficit with its excellent computer animations. The CGI is indeed revolutionary; and it is used to compose the movie's essence. Trust me, you have never seen anything like it before. James Cameron has created a fantastic world second to none - he has created a whole new exciting, thrilling universe that you won't want to leave once you've been sucked into it. After the 166 minutes I wouldn't have bothered to watch another two hours.Let's make this quick: if you are a fan of sci-fi and fantasy flicks, you are COMPELLED to watch this! Several times!Cameron's Avatar is by far one of the best sci-fi/fantasy movies in years; even the late Star Trek cannot compete with this one... it is just so compelling, so forceful in its aesthetics and tone... it is THE perfect sci-fi/fantasy movie! It was worth to wait this long! Ultimately, I can't think of any other director who could've developed such a visual masterpiece from a mere vision from 15 years ago.

I want to say for one, that this movie was EXTRAORDINARY! And for what it's worth comes everything you can't possible imagine of what Cameron had in store for the audience. It was mesmerizing to see that the 3-D lived up to its hype and and wowed everybody in my theater. Like only 2 people used the bathroom within a 2 and half hour period!? That is the mark it left with audiences when it first appeared on screen. Nobody knew what to expect, and in the following, everyone got what they didn't expect which was lush colorful movie with some great CGI that was perfectly complimented with a great story... Some will beg to differ, but the real star is the 3-D. Yes, the 3-D! Wow, It has as of today changed the way will see our entertainment and how we view it. So ladies and guys I would prefer everyone to see this cause it is only worth the time on the big screen while still in 3-D format. 20/10..

I actually feel like I've just seen the most beautiful painting ever painted, allowed entry into it and that I've stayed there for 2 and a half hours. I feel like I became part of this world and now, at home, I kind of miss the scenery, the animals, the people and the nature of the planet.This movie is more groundbreaking than Jurassic Park, Star Wars and all the other historical movies that you've read about. Though the story and the plot is not very original, like a mixture of Dances With Wolves, Pocahontas and, well, The Matrix, it doesn't really matter. The movie is not about changing your perspective on anything, imprinting some morals or shaking your beliefs, it's just about entertainment.Thank you James Cameron. I actually am one of the few who didn't like Titanic, I thought it was too mushy and story-lacking... but this, man, this is something else. I won't be able to watch another movie for weeks because, why bother?

I only have four words to say reallyOH MY F**ING GOD!oh and the 3d is just the final touch to complement the experience just as a beautiful and sexy lingerie complements a divine body...HOLY MOTHER OF MOSES! AND ALL THE BIBLICAL CHARACTERS AND DEITIES EVER IMPROVISED BY HUMANS!Don't expect to read any plot summaries here. That would be pointless. This is a classical story taken a step further. Just stop reading silly reviews and go watch it fool!P.S. Apparently there is a longer version waiting to be released on Blu-ray. I can't wait...

In my 27 years of life I've had the pleasure of watching truly great movies like Blade Runner, Braveheart, and The Lord of the Rings to name a few, but all of them pale in comparison to Avatar. I have no doubts Avatar is the greatest movie of all time.Avatar is set in a future in which the humans have destroyed Earth. Through their travels in space they found a planet full of life and a very valuable metal. Unfortunately the rich deposits of that metal are buried underneath an encampment of an alien race indigenous to that planet. The humans have been trying to convince the natives to move out, but the natives don't want to.To better communicate with the natives and to attempt to win their trust, the humans have engineered a hybrid body composed of human and alien DNA, a body that looks very similar to that of the aliens. The humans are able to link up a human mind to that hybrid body, and control it like if it were your own body, sort of like how you'd control a character in a video game, hence the name of the movie, Avatar. But this is even better than that, even better than virtual reality because the body you control is alive.After years of communicating with the aliens and being unable to convince them to move out, the humans send in Jake Sully, an ex marine. Will he be able to convince them to move out? You'll have to watch and see.The picture quality is amazing, the rain forests, the futuristic human technology, the indigenous animals and people of the alien planet, everything looks wonderful and real. The sound effects are equally great, you'll feel like you're in an exotic rain forest. Mel Gibson's Apocalyto did a great job at making you feel like you're in the middle of a wonderful rain forest, but Avatar goes well beyond that.This is the first time I've watched a movie in Real D 3D so I can't make a comparison with other 3D movies, but the experience was breathtaking. You'll be dodging things thinking they're coming straight at you. You'll feel like you're in the middle of an incredible ceremony with hundreds of people. I can't say more because I don't want to spoil the movie, but believe me when I say you really don't want to miss out on a chance to see this movie in 3D. What an incredible experience, I can't wait to see it again, I'm definitely seeing it again tomorrow.

I just saw it and I had unbelievable expectations for it(the kind that expected the next Star Wars out of it). And I was not disappointed in the least. I had read many comments about it being Dance's with Wolves in Space. I knew all the so called critical badmouth of the story. I have to tell you that I not only loved the characters, I loved the story as well. Something that many people forget is that there is a difference between plot and story. Plot is the generalized events that happen within a story. "A person learns the ways of a race he originally looked down upon or did not understand. He ends up joining them in a battle against the people who he originally identified himself with." That is a plot very cut and dry. There are many films with similar plots, in fact more than you would think. Does this plot line sound familiar to you? Guess why? Because you saw it in a little film I like to call 'District 9'. The man in District 9 looks down upon a race he does not understand, but as he becomes one of them(parallels Jake Sully in Avatar) he begins to identify with them and in the end fights with his own people. This film hailed by every living man and woman as original is almost identical with Avatar in plot. What you misunderstand is that what makes a film original is not it's plot but the story that carries the plot. District 9 is original because you have never seen Science fiction come to life as if it could happen. The story(the plots delivery if you will) makes all the difference. So now that we know the difference between plot and story lets look at why Avatar is original. While the story may draw parallels to Dances and Pocahontas it is by no means a copy. Never have you seen a paraplegic marine get his legs back by living through a organically grown alien. Never have you visited Pandora and explored such a vast and 'original' world. Or felt the thrill of flying on a dragon beside an ever increasingly attractive alien princess. The originality in this story is incredible for one reason alone, that the story takes the audience member on a journey with the character Jake Sully. We truly get to discover this amazing new world with him and share his excitement. Many people have said that this film has no character development, I beg to differ, I believe it adds a new depth to character development in cinema. How do we get to know people in real life? By sharing our time with them and laughing along with each other. Instead of this film telling you what to think of each character through their words, it allows us to share the events with the characters. As Jake learns to fly, we get the feeling of learning to fly along with him. The love story comes naturally because as we experience these things with Sully we too grow attached to Neytiri. As it has been said, this film is an experience. It is a journey we have never taken before and will wish to take again. That is why audiences adore this film, because it is original and we just aren't used to originality.

Avatar is truly a one of a kind movie, one that everyone should see. If you have an IMAX 3D theater near you, see it in 3D. The effects are astounding. You are really able to enjoy James Cameron's vision. After the movie I almost felt like I had visited an alien planet and returned back from it. Incredible visuals. The Na'vi people are beautiful and fascinating. They have amazingly expressive faces and eyes.I think that the best thing about this movie is that it forces us to look at ourselves as a race. What kinds of behaviors and personalities do we reward and condone. A lot of people are saying that the characters are very simple and archetypal. We have the hardened war colonel, the greedy corporate suit, the anti-military scientist, etc. In my opinion the characters are made this way for a reason. Every character is the prototype of what is expected of them. In the US and many other countries on Earth we consider the perfect military colonel as being loyal without limits, able to shut off their feeling and emotions and get the job done. Basically to have no real sense of morality besides that of getting their country what they need and want. Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) is everything a person would be if he were able to fully become our societal archetype of a perfect military commander. Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi) is everything that makes up the successful businessman prototype, greedy without thought to anything else. Totally goal oriented. These two have become exactly what their society wanted them to be, and when they did they became monsters.One the other hand we have Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver) and co. Scientists who sympathize with the Na'vi and are against use of military action on Pandora and towards the Na'vi. However they are unable to really do anything useful to help the natives, especially since their whole operation is funded by Selfridge and whatever corporation he works for. Their promises and actions ring hollow.Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is the blank slate of the movie, he is like a child. He gets to see the extremes that have become of the humans and offset that with the way the Na'vi are. Under the guidance of Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) he learns the ways of the native people of Pandora. The Na'vi kill and fight, yet they do so only for a purpose and usually with sadness. They have warriors and spiritual leaders and look at their environment and nature as their mother and constant companion. They are in touch with everything around them to an unthinkable degree. This movie is really all about him choosing which way of life he thinks is worth fighting for. And of course the fight that comes after that decision.This is one of those movies that comes along once in while. It's unforgettable and though the dialog might need a little work, Avatar delivers solid entertainment. Well worth the money to see it in a theater.

Terminator, Titanic, these are the names everyone have heard of. What do they have in common with Avatar? An avangard director by the name of James Cameron. This was my first IMAX 3D experience and this turned out to be a visual extravaganza. In recent past, Hollywood has produced some stunning movies in the genre, and we knew something great is coming, and this movie shows how far we have come; this is what we had been waiting for. This is the benchmark of the 21st century action-adventure-sci-fi experience. The movie is about Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paraplegic marine, who travels 4.4 light years to come to Pandora, under the banner of Avatar program. Pandora a lush green, low gravity moon of Polyphemus, inhabited by hominoid race called Na'vi. A Na'vi is nine feet tall, have bones reinforced by naturally occurring carbon fibre, have bioluminescent blue skin, big eyes, small ears and a tail. They live in harmony with nature and worship a mother goddess called Eywa. Members of Avatar program have successfully genetically engineered human-na'vi hybrid knows "Avatar", that can be remotely controlled. Jake's mission is to infiltrate the Na'vi camp, gather Intel and reconcile a treaty with them to move their camp, which happen to be resting on large deposit of "unobtanium", the reason for humans to come to Pandora. Failing to convince the Na'vi's and simultaneously falling in love with them, their culture and a Na'vi name Neytiri (Zoë Saldaña). When Colonel Miles Quaritch (Stephen Lang), decides to go all weapons free on Na'vi population, Jake sides with Na'vi's to give them an edge in the "battle of bows and arrows against gunships". The visual effects in the movie are truly groundbreaking. The movie is interesting, entertaining, emotional, and action packed; an overall awesome performance. Animation, characterization of Na'vi and other Pandora creatures are by far the best I have seen. A must watch. Treat yourself by watching it in IMAX 3D.

This movie has no equal.. Incredible effects, totally mind blowing environment. I just did not want the movie to end.I read some comments saying it has so and so, and that is why they give 8 or 7 for rating. Movies are to entertain and this movie is by far the BEST entertainment i got. Dear James Cameron, why did you make the movie so short?? Even if it was almost three hours it was not enough for me. I need Avatar 2. Start making it please !!!!!!!!!!! And make it a little longer ........Hey you people who are reading this, why are you waiting for ?? Go to a 3D theater and watch this. You will not regret it.

Normally i wouldn't even bother vote/comment movies. But this movies change that...I went on a date with my wife, we eat at a fine restaurant, good food, and then we went to the cinema.... We picked this movie - Avatar - we haven't heard of it before and we didn't event knew that it was the premiere evening in Denmark. It was an extreme movie experience. a more beautiful and glorious movie cant be found. It is the most intensive experience we both ever had with a movie, i can surely recommend it to everyone. And I'm hoping to see/read more about that world again. The story is good and trustworthy, and we did believe it all the way.Thanks a lot to the makers of this beautiful movie!

I don't have anything good to say about this movie. I was never excited for it, and rightfully so. I expected nothing but awful, but this was shockingly bad. From all the hype I had heard, I at least expected it to be a LITTLE better than the stupid trailers. But no, all I got was a terribly boring, super dumb storyline. This movie was incredibly hard to sit through. I felt like a five year old watching a bunch of giant blue people run through the forest. How this movie earned 2 billion dollars I will never know. It was all hype, and I guess people were just brainwashed into believing this movie was spectacular. I'm appalled that this movie got such high ratings--the crisp graphics were not worth it whatsoever. This movie is a total waste of money and is like a punishment to watch. I highly recommend saving your money or seeing something else. Even spending $1 at RedBox is a giant waste. I can't believe this was the movie everyone was ranting and raving over. The plot is been there-done that, spans for an unnecessarily long amount of time, and is just so boring! I can't stress enough how much of a snooze-fest this was. Even the graphics couldn't make this more interesting. Not even worth sitting through for free.

Mr. Cameron as much as I appreciate the amazing special effects and gorgeous animation as well as the detail you put into creating a new world with species, I can't help but think I have seen this exact same movie before. I must say I am also a big fan of Ferngully just like you (assumed lol), but you should really consider on coming up with your own original story, granted it was a great concept. Besides making this movie is probably just an excuse to throw other people under the bus (military.) I mean ptsh, it's not like they are putting their lives on the line defending our country or anything, right? Way to go on making a film with so much potential turn political. Maybe a sequel should help, let's make them fly and have the ability to surf! As a matter of fact, you should title it "Large Flying Surfing Smurfs Protectors of Mystic Fairy Land and Star Wars Creatures Part Two!" Phew, sorry about that, I am getting off topic, in all honesty this movie kind of sucked. And just out of the goodness of my heart you earn a golden star, hats off to you sir.

For the longest time, I have been saying that cinema is seriously going down hill, that they will produce any pathetic crap because they know people will pay for it. And I would like to thank the creators of Avatar for proving my point.Sure the CGI effects were pretty good. They were shiny and the trees glowed when the big blue people walked on them. And a group of people who do not even breathe oxygen have remarkably human characteristics, save for the fact that they are blue. I have seen really good special effects in movies, this wasn't one of them. What made these special effects great was how many they used.I was falling asleep throughout this entire film, begging it to finally come to an end so my mother would turn it off. The plot was boring, the character development was non-existent. The only thing that made the movie worth watching was the effects and half way through the story I found myself craving the real characters.Probably the worst part of the film, in my opinion, was the final battle. Now I am fully aware of the idea of suspension of belief but this was just completely ridiculous. You know why indigenous people were always wiped out? Because the invaders had more advanced weaponry. The People are using bows and arrows and spears, and flying around on pretty birds, why the humans have big planes and bombs and guns, and you expect me to believe they could really possibly lose? Seriously? I saw nothing in this movie that earned it the praise that it got. In the moments that I should have been on the edge of my seat, I found myself rolling my eyes. When characters were killed and I should have been sad, or surprised, I shrugged.I know that everyone is entitled to their opinion, if you liked this film, good for you. In my opinion, this movie was one big liberal environmentalist add that was shoved down your throat until you choked. And a completely amateurish add at that.

First, I'd like to say that you should be reading all these comments and reviews later, not before. Right now you should be seeing the movie, and you will not regret it, I promise. This isn't meant to be a review as such, instead it is a response to the very few people that mistakenly mark Avatar as having a cliché and dense storyline.I think one of the main reasons why we feel Cameron should have done a better job with the storyline is that he wrote this like 10 years ago, am I not right? I guess he just figured he'd use the storyline from back then, but in the meantime, there's been dozens, maybe hundreds of movies all using a storyline much like this one, because after all, it's what sells movies. I still don't consider this storyline "bad" though, because while it may have been done and said many times, this is the best iteration of it I've ever seen, and I expect that had this movie come out in 2001, I wouldn't even notice; I'd just call it epic all around.Besides, you can't try to compare this movie to some super realistic one, everything in it is drawing you into something very different from the reality that we live in. The GI Joe-like badass Marine dudes, their toy-like hovercraft and mechs, the blue furries, the overthetop lines, the overdone emotions that nobody in real life would have, the glow in the dark plants, the 6 legged creatures, the 3D..... All of these elements have been done over and over, but where this differs is that Cameron combines them all into something that just works. The people that are nitpicking on them aren't really nitpicking on the Avatar movie, because everything here is done splendidly. They're unknowingly picking on all the movies that did these things, but badly, and ruined us of these things forever.There's nothing wrong with naming something "unobtanium," or having a GI Joe for your nemesis character, or having a 10 foot tall super hot humanoid-with-a-tail character, or a Pocahontas storyline; it's just that when we see those, we jump on all the failures related to them, and then somehow we think it was Avatar's fault.Anyways, enough justification, just go see it.

I'll make this short and sweet... (Though if I could, I would write a BOOK about how much I loved this movie! I am too sick to do so, so it will have to do with a short review!) I was so incredibly TOUCHED by this movie! It was SO beautiful on so many levels, so realistic, so incredibly huge, over the top, and utterly mind-blowing in all aspects!! I saw the 3D version and just sat there in awe, even all through the ending credits... I could NOT close my mouth! My jaw was all the way down there, right there, on the floor of the movie theater.Dear James Cameron: I want to LIVE on Pandora. To me, it was, and still is, very much real! The characters were so real and GOOD that I like them better than most people I've met! Sigh... Two lives.. What an idea.. I wish I could wake up as a Na'vi one day! Avatar made me cry several times though the movie. I am a 31 year old male, FYI. The first that I cried when watching Avatar was when I realized how beautiful Pandora was. Then again when I understood how good, innocent and pure the Na'vi were. Neytiri is probably the most beautiful personality I've ever seen anywhere, in movies and in real life, and I absolutely fell in love with her soul. I cried when I saw Neytiri and Jake Sully kiss. It was such a beautiful moment. Then I cried when I just understood how amazing this movie really is - The whole meaning of it. It was just... Too much!!! There was just so much LOVE in this movie! Mr. Cameron, you're a Genius! Best movie of the year, and probably the best movie I ever saw. . .Thomas in Norway

Many critics who have reviewed "Avatar" said that they initially didn't know what to expect going in. I bring this point up because I felt the exact same way. I'd seen posters for the movie, and previews for it in the previous months before it was released, but did not know what it was about, let alone if I would like it or not. In fact, I was so unsure how I would feel about it that I saw "Sherlock Holmes" before I saw "Avatar". All I knew about the movie was that it was about blue, cat-like creatures, and it was directed by James Cameron, a guy who is very easy to dislike as a person. After all, "Titanic" broke many records, but eventually came to be seen as bombastic and meretricious. Cameron's declaring himself "king of the world" at the Oscars didn't help much, nor did his immediate public divorce from Linda Hamilton, or his long stretch of not directing a followup feature film (save the forgotten "Ghosts of a Abyss" (2003) that should have been called "The Making of Titanic", and "Aliens of the Deep" (2005)).However, after seeing "Avatar", I can honestly say that there was not one inch of celluloid that was wasted in this film. Cameron may not be a nice guy, but when he wants to tell a story, he can tell it and not waste a dollar of his $250 million budget. As I serve myself a piece of humble pie, I'll even add that he probably does not care what an amateur, unestablished 27- year-old film critic thinks about him, and that's a good thing.I went to see "Avatar" in 3D (which is well worth the extra 3 bucks, depending on the movie), and I was afraid to blink in case I missed something. This is an epic movie well-deserving of the term "epic". Any time there is a scene where a helicopter is flying out into the Pandora wilderness, or even inside in the scientific lab or Marine base, I was taken aback by the design and the detail of everything I saw on screen. Nowadays, saying that a movie has great special effects is synonymous with explosions and societal destruction compromising the majority of the film. "Avatar" indeed has great special effects, and those latter elements represent a small percentage of the film.Naturally, like "Titanic", many people I spoke to had problems with the acting and the story line. One person I know called the movie "'Dances With Wolves' In Space", which I suppose it was. I also saw similarities to "Ferngully: The Last Rainforest" (1992) and "Pocahontas" (1995), but by no means was the story a blatant ripoff of any of these films. I did think the villainous characters like Colonal Miles Quaritch (Stephen Lang) and Parker Selfrige (Giovanni Ribisi) made the Native American allegory too obvious by frequently calling the Na'vi creatures "savages". It made their characters also seem one-dimensional, and they obviously hadn't been taught about the Battle of Little Bighorn in school.Other than that, I thought the acting was fine. Except for a few times his British accent slipped through, Sam Worthington had both a commanding presence throughout the film while also being a convincing moral compass. There haven't been many actors who can pull that off while playing a paraplegic. Sigourney Weaver, being no alien when it comes to science fiction roles, also did a great job here. And Joel David Moore was perhaps the breakout star of this film, doing a great acting job that truly redeems his role in "The Hottie and the Nottie" (2008). Lang's role as the hard-ass colonel may have been seen in other movies before, but there is no doubt that Lang knows how to play a great bad guy.Zoe Saldana, Wes Studi, and CCH Pounder essentially did voice-over work in their roles here as the native Na'vi of the planet Pandora. Still, there was not one second where their voices were not convincing. Saldana especially cemented her position as a convincing leading actress while not appearing as a human on the screen at all. I don't have to say that she deserves to be an A-lister. She will be very soon if she isn't considered one already."Avatar" deserves no less than 9 stars in my book. I usually give 10 stars to movies that are not only great, but really move me in some way. "Avatar" had a few weaknesses, but not enough to deduct a star from my rating. It was an enjoyable film that moved me on more than one level. I felt compassion for the characters, marveled at the scenery and special effects, and most importantly, didn't get up to go to the bathroom once during the film. When I went to see "Titanic" 12 years ago, on the other hand, I got up three times to go.James Cameron wisely made the reported $237 million it took to make "Avatar" worth every penny. Fortunately, I wisely made the $14.50 I paid to see it in 3D worth every penny as well.

It's interesting and it's exotic, and so imaginatively rendered! Indeed, a cinematic thrill-ride! The film's CGI effects deliver a natural and unspoiled world to compare with a world of machines, and its digital characters are gorgeously stunning to behold! And the film does seem like one amazing futuristic action-battle razzmatazz, directed with the most uncanny computer-generated 3-D technological feat, James Cameron's epic film is, in fact, an eco-minded epic, gastulated with the most humanly issues, universally familiar ever since the colonial times. Indeed, the film's rich themes are immensely dark! Indeed, its story injects themes of colonization, imperialism, militarism, cultural differences and cross-cultural communication, and genetic engineering...all of which any misstep taken could be disastrous to peace, nature and humanity. Needless to say, this film does again echo Cameron's trademark film themes of corporate greed and the love-hate relationships with technology. Indeed, like the love between Jack and Rose in Titanic,' this love between the movie's Jake and Nevtiri, is solid that could only wither when 'death doth them part.' And in war, there will always be those who'd be willing to fight as long as it's a just war, as exemplified by Michelle Rodriquez' Trudy. James Cameron's film captures two worlds... Earth that is highly and technologically advanced and which we are familiar, and the other, a seemingly 'primitive' and physically-fit civilization of the Pandora planet, in which terrain and life remains little altered since God's generous Creation! The year is 2154, the year when modern and advanced technology has given way to the moist exclusive and unique weaponry and robotic achievements for war and science does allow avatars to be created for one human race to look like another. Wouldn't anyone be as flattered as Sam Worthington's Jake Sully to be selected to be as part of the exploration team of the exotic Na'vi world, especially when it's headed by the brilliant botanist, Sigourney Weaver' Grace. After all, their mission is for the good of human curiosity, scientific research, and knowledge! After all, Jake does understand that his twin brother had died while on the same mission, and that, he has the same genetic match of his brother to easily replace him without posing any unsuspecting lab complication. As we follow the wheel-chair bound Marine veteran in his avatar status into the Pandora planet, what is captured is so amazingly dreamlike. It's a world filled with mysticism, and in which nature thrives in absolute pure beauty and in abundance, with blue-skinned, golden-eyed, and very tall and slender beings functioning with and around nature, and complying with nature's forces... sans technology; sans machines. Indeed, an absolute contrast to Jake's own harsh world of man-created machines and scientific labs! Though the presence of Grace serves to remind Jake of his mission, it is in Pandora that Jake finds his rebirth of life.... his ability to walk and fly without constraints, a refreshingly new way to live, and he is also falling in love. And Jake does enter a world in which unimaginable creatures, like viperwolves, thanators, and banshees,roam! Oh, I do love the scenes in which Zoe Saldana's Neytiri, under the order of her mother, the Na'vi shaman Moat, teaches Jake the survival tactics of the Omaticaya people. My favorite moments are when Jake tries to control and bond with a banshee, and later, with the Direhorse! But when Jake discovers the real reasons for the interests of Center's Administrator (Giovanni Ribisi's Parker Selfridge) and Stephen Lang's Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) in the Pandora planet, will he continue his mission? The Pandora planet has a rich natural resource, a rare and valuable mineral called unobtanium, deposited beneath a Hometree. Will Jake continue his scouting for Colonel Quaritch's soldiers and lead them to the mineral deposits? And will Grace and all her team members, including Jake, support the exploitations of Pandora's inhabitants? Will Jake betray his Earth people and can he be able to win Neytiri and the Na'vi people's trust? What if he goes against Selfridge and Colonel Quaritch? After all, these evil and greedy two have access to the lab that controls his avatar! What follows is our observance of the character dealing with their conscience, as Pandora continues to face attacks and destruction, both from ground and from air, as nature and people are blown to bits! The amazing CGI effects make the battle - between Earth's military-industrial forces and the oppressed, arrow-bearing inhabitants of the Pandora planet - very engaging. And Director Cameron does take his story to its climax, ultimately reminding us that nature is not a force to be reckoned. And ultimately, this film is about 'good' winning over 'evil.' Every character, human or digital, is interesting to follow, providing his or her conscience to his/her role in delivering the film's themes, And overall, the film is spectacularly mesmerizing and very enjoyable!

I was lucky enough to get tickets to see this in 3D yesterday - and boy, am I glad I did. AVATAR was...simply amazing. I can't think of a word good enough to give it the credit it deserves. What I thought was extraordinarily brilliant about this film was the way it made me genuinely dislike the race of human beings. The humans assume they know better, assume they are superior, and ultimately play the part of well, human beings, exactly right.There are scenes within AVATAR that depict a destruction of a beautiful world, and I literally had to hold my hand to my mouth for some of them in horror. In fact, a number of times I surfaced from my stupor and found my mouth gaping, along with my sister and all the rows of people next to me. The CGI effects of some of these scenes were incredibly well done, which meant that the scenes of destruction were especially shocking to the eyes.Indeed, I even found myself approaching tears a number of times throughout, which felt strange because I'm usually very hardy. However, the experience was so vivid and so intense that I just couldn't help but get completely sucked into the fictional world of Pandora. Even the Na'vi themselves - these huge, blue, glowing humanoids - the more I watched them, the less alien they seemed and the more...'human' they became. The transition the film takes to turn your opinion is just amazing. Rooting for the Na'Vi? You bet."There's no green there. They killed their Mother..." For those who are a fan of nature, of films like Fern Gully, this is for you. Just because AVATAR is of the fantasy genre, it doesn't mean it doesn't involve a very real, very relatable message for us all to pay attention to.This isn't just a film, this is an experience. You just have to see it. Beautiful, breathtaking, and nothing like you've seen before.

Today I saw the beginning of a new era – I had the opportunity to be one of the first to see Avatar. I tell you! It is amazing!!! It is a must-see movie. Every one should experience it at least once. I can honestly call it my movie of the year. It might be even more than that – the movie of a decade. I had been waiting to see it, and for once my expectations were rewarded.It is a breath-taking almost three hour ride in the world you could not imagine existed. After the movie my colleagues were saying that they didn't want it to end. I felt the same. I didn't want to leave this dangerous yet amazingly beautiful place where everything is so bright and colorful, and exciting. It is amazing that there are people with imagination powerful and creative enough to bring such an experience for the rest of us. There were several people at the screening who originally were not interested in sci-fi or this movie in particular. They all liked it very much though. I believe it is due to the storyline. The story may not be the most original one, but it is that which moves all people at all times. It is a tale of love and fighting for a cause. It is a tale of a charismatic hero finding his true identity and place in the world. It is a tale where good triumphs over bad. This is what attracts people at all times. No more, no less. Just as important is the fact that the story is well told. You won't miss any details. Everything is explained well and to the point. There are no long overwhelming scenes. The story just moves fluidly forward and takes you on a magical ride. I must make a remark regarding the much-discussed technological achievements. CGI is incredible! You can't tell where the real thing ends and the CGI begins. Well, you can, but just because you know that it doesn't exist on our planet. It is so believable and therefore so fascinating. I despise those that claim that all of it looks just like a very expensive computer game. NO! It does not! Go see it! See it in 3D if possible. I feel that this new technology offers some great possibilities. It has been said that a new era in cinematography begins with Avatar. It so does and I cannot wait to see what it has to offer. So, I invite everyone to go and see this new world of Avatar. You won't be sorry!

I went with my two kids, one is 16 years old and my daughter 9 years old. Afterwards by the buss stop, we looked at each other, and in unison we knew and agreed, we had experienced something extraordinary at many different levels, an once in a lifetime moment. This is truly by far the movies of all movies. The only bad thing that I can say about this movie is I never wanted it to end, all from the jaw dropping scenery to the emotional computer graphics. I takes a hold of you as I never experienced it in the theaters before.I feel blessed and grateful, really honored by the makers of Avatar, for letting us share this beautiful adventure, it is truly a milestone in motion picture history !

I went to this movie when it was out in theaters after hearing how "amazing" and "compelling" it allegedly was. Normally I like any movie, but 20 minutes in I felt my back side starting to fall asleep. This only happens when my ... is trying to worn me to get out of the theater as fast as possible. I kept wishing that this movie would turn out to be good, but then I soon realized how predictable it really was. I figured out what would happen within the first hour. I couldn't even sit through this movie again even if I was getting paid to do it. Blue cat people? Really? They connect to things with their hair? What kind of stuff was this director smoking and how do I get it, because this was pure crap wrapped up in some pretty wrapping paper with a nice bow that smelled like bile. How come, half way through we hear nothing of this rare rock crap that the government is hunting for? They discard a lot of things in this movie pretty quick and then it becomes some dramatic romance between some crippled guy and a blue cat lady. I still wish I could get my money back and I didn't pay to get into this movie. Thanks a lot Avatar for killing some of my brain cells and stealing precious hours of my life that I will never get back. Don't watch this. Don't even rent it. Don't even look up pictures of it on the internet. I swear, your IQ will drop.

I walked in to this movie to have a good time, i heard about the superb visuals and great story so i thought well so many people cant be wrong. Even though i am well aware that movies heavy on CGI can be huge disappointments. I walked in with an open mind and having seen a lot of movies in my time i was ready to se what the fuss was about this one. The trailer or the movie pretty much gave away the ending, i knew from the get go that there will be a huge conflict between humans and Navi.As the movie entered the stage where Jake meets the pretty Navi chief daughter i knew where this movie was going....... Dances with wolves in space. Thing is Jake is from the start coming of as someone who really has no intention of serving any cause.....it would be far more interested if Jake was this hardened marine that has a change of heart and truly undergoes a transformation of personality....that is not the case here.The film is amazing in 3D but the characters are stuck in 1 dimension. The evil General was your stereotypical villain only out for blood and no mercy.Navis are your typical native population who se their lands destroyed and taken advantage of.The corporate evil guy is also very typical. Compare that to the corporate guy in Aliens whos true agenda we at first did not really se through......because of a good script. But in this movie the guy is directly portrayed as this money hungry greedy asshole.I knew what was coming and i was not surprised by anything the story threw at me, i felt rather unmotivated to sit through, the only motivation to do so was the pretty graphics.Even here, i will always be amazed by true stunt choreography, jackie chan and anything made realistically with real people than a bunch of computer programmers creating explosions and graphics behind their desks.You might think i hated the movie, no it was OK and a fun ride, easy to follow and enjoyable. But deep and surprising? Nah.....

I saw the trailer for avatar several times before I saw the actual movie. The trailer gave me the impression that the movie would be about the typical Humans: Good guys, Aliens: Bad guys hindering good guys. Therefore the full movie blew my mind. How Jake actually becomes one of them was unpredicted. Although what did disappoint me was that the natives did not accept Jake after the destruction of their home tree, but I later realized it was an important event to unfolding the plot. The $400 Million was put to good use I must say. The 3D effects and CGI was mind blowing. I was not surprised that James Cameron would produce such an amazing film. The trailer's effect of falsely convincing viewers that they understand the plot was ingenious. I was definitely surprised on how the plot unfolded. I've seen the movie twice and can't wait for the third. Just one recommendation; See it at the IMAX. The 3D experience is incredible. I usually don't get pop-corn at movies, I just buy a large drink and have to go to the bathroom in the middle. Lets just say I almost peed my pants because I could not leave that screen. Avatar: 10/10

I have seen Avatar three times, tonight being my 3rd viewing. I saw it in 2D the first two times because I felt like the 3D would be horrible and unwatchable/blurry/etc.I was wrong, the 3D version literally places you in the amazing world of Pandora...I left the theater after seeing this movie and just looked in amazement at Earth, how simple and almost disgusting it looked compared to the beautiful Pandora. (yes the plants in Pandora glow at night)I can't even describe how good this movie is...yes I was one of the millions of people who thought it looked stupid because it was blue aliens running around screaming...I couldn't have been more wrong about my expectations for this movie, within the first 5 min my opinion on it changed.I believe it will be many years before I see a movie as incredible as this, just when you think Hollywood has run out of gas, James Cameron spends half a billion on the most epic movie ever created in Hollywood history. What else could he possibly have in store for us? Titanic, Terminator, Aliens...guy just doesn't stop cranking out the masterpiece films.

The movie is simply mind blowing. Director James Cameron has sculpted this epic with his heart and mind together. The main reason why the movie is worth a watch is because the movie is complete and has all the ingredients. The movie is full of CGI. But not once do you notice that and its never irritating to the eye. The movie has a good feel for the movie-goer. With all the previews/ promos talking gadgets, I expected a Sci-Fi flick. But the movie has all emotions in it - love, vengeance, sacrifice, humor, sober, valor, pride... you name it and you have it.The plot is simple. Hence it has a greater reach. The way it is told is excellent. The movie binds the sentiments with science. The way the characters see the movie is excellently portrayed. When the scientists see, they see samples. When the power hungry humans see, they see money. When the Navis see, they see life and its simplicity. When the avatars see, they see the difference in lifestyles. And its an excellent work from the director that we see all these in the movie.Its not an edge-of-the-seat thriller but its not a sit-back-relax-watch movie either. The story is simple, the screenplay riveting and the background score simply spell-binding. What else you need for 150 minutes of entertainment? This is a visual treat one ought not miss and will be talked about for long. Its worth the wait for 11 years and I will surely wait another 11 for a Cameron movie. In the sky, if movies become stars, this movie will be the moon (I prefer it to be Pandora) to the human eye. Don't miss it.

First off, this was more than just a movie. "Avatar" will be known as the event that changed how we experience films from now on. Yeah, the 3D was amazing but the action, vivid colors, mind-blowing scenery, and sheer sense of reality was overwhelming. I easily rate this movie a 10, one I hope to watch soon in Imax 3D. Now comes the interesting part. While I watched the movie I had an odd sense of deja vue, like I'd seen this plot before. On the way out of the theater I asked my girlfriend how she liked it. She said it reminded her of "Ferngully". For those of you not familiar with that film, it was a cute, animated good vs. evil kinda movie from the early 80's where this human guy shrinks to the size of a fairy and meets up in this forest where all these other little folk live and whose environment is threatened by an evil, possessed logging machine. And there's many other parallels. I'm wondering how much of "Avatar" was really imagined by Mr. Cameron and how much may have been influenced by this kid flick from almost 30 years ago. So if you have a lazy afternoon, get ahold a copy of "Ferngully" and THEN go see "Avatar". The similarities will make you laugh.

James Cameron's Avatar is basically the best movie I have ever seen, and now every other movie doesn't even come close as being as good. The setting of the movie takes place on Pandora, a lush, green planet filled with mystical creatures including the humanoids called the Na'vi. This place is so beautiful and magical to watch, especially at night where all plants and even the ground light up majestically. A little while into the movie I could tell what was going to happen but there are enough little twists to keep it exciting and not make it feel cliché. I found myself falling in love with the characters and the Na'vi people. I have been twice to this movie in 3D and I could go 5 more times. All in all, I don't really need to say much in this review and I don't feel I need to convince anyone to go see this movie, just go see it, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.

Film very good, interesting and impressionable - 10/10! Today descended on it in a cinema, an excellent film, and it is a bit sad. Editing to me also has very much impressed, as is very qualitatively made. It would be desirable even to present, how many all founders of this picture have laid the forces, works, abilities, and the time to receive here such wonderful film. The film went about 2.5 hours, and it to me has even more surprised. It is said that the film is even better if than it to look in 3D a cinema, but me and so it was pleasant, though to everyone the taste on viewing. I was not too lazy to estimate at all a film on IMDb. Soo a film I advise all to look, as the film to concern the category ' Must have '!

Most people have heard about this movie, and how it's got groundbreaking cinematics and will "change the way movies are made and watched." I'm not sure about all that, but I sure liked it.Please don't be fooled into thinking this is an action movie. There are a couple "chase" scenes, and one major "fight" scene. The rest of it is breath-taking CGI and plot development.Yes, there are several heavy-handed messages about imperialism, capitalism, pollution/destruction of the natural environment, and even a religious message or two. But these are secondary to the main story, which is a love story. If you are willing to suspend disbelief and immerse yourself in the story, it is a magical experience. I NEVER see movies multiple times in the theater; I've seen Avatar twice, and WILL be purchasing the DVD.

As a prolific reviewer here, I have on many occasions encountered what I call "first release shock." Essentially a film so off-the-beaten-path, so unique, so different that, instead of appreciating it for what it is, initial viewers go into a sort of shock and become numb to what they are watching.This film is the poster child for that syndrome. On its own, it is one of the most daring, best written, best acted, best SFX'd, films of all time. It comes from a man (Cameron) who is known for blockbusters, but this is easily his greatest work.This film should rate a perfect score regardless of the rating system. But as explained above initial viewers did not know what to make of it. And the cost of the film became an issue for the studio when the numbers failed to meet expectations.It is not the job of the reviewer to worry about studio receipts. The job of the reviewer is identify brilliance and recommend it. See it six or seven times, it just gets better. One of the greatest films of all time and also timeless.

As the pandering Frankenstein that is the new Star Wars "movie" steamrolls its way toward dethroning Avatar's (inexplicable) preeminence, I thought I'd finally get around to copping a squat on this most mind-bogglingly absurd success story.As with The Force Awakens, people just couldn't hand over their money fast enough, and as with The Force Awakens, I have absolutely no idea why. Because I'll just never be on board with the one & only "argument" for this movie: "the effects are really great and it looks like a lifelike world to escape into". Or some variation of such.But notice that *serious* components of story-telling don't get mentioned... stuff like story lines, acting... you know, crap like that. Instead, it would seem that this movie reached $2.7 billion because it's "pretty".Okay, so it looks nice... right?Nope. In fact, I was so overwhelmingly disappointed with ALL of the effects that I just could not reconcile myself with the fact that people became so obsessed with "Pandora" that many of them were seriously depressed when the movie ended. The blue people themselves were unusually inexcusable in this regard. What the hell were the masses smoking before going into theaters around the world?This, incidentally, is one of those "life lesson" moments, especially for the 21st century: if you're so disconnected from the real world that you need shallow entertainment to break free of your own self-imposed mental prison, then...GO OUTSIDE. Seriously.There's a whole world out there! Sights! Sounds! Living things! Or just switch over to PBS once in a while. You'll see critters that don't look stupid! There really is life beyond James Cameron's (allegedly) plagiarized movie, folks.And to address an amusingly secondary factor of the film-making process: the actual storyline. I remember back in "the old days" when I would hear about Director's Cuts, and how superior they must have been to the versions of movies that got past the studios, focus groups, etc. But boy, did this movie change that.Avatar is a prime example of what happens when no one says NO. This whole thing just felt like a rough draft. From repeated lines to extraneous dialogue, it felt like a significant rush job (not least because the effects were so surprisingly weak as well).One glaring example that stood out for me: the assessment of the dangers the military would be facing. Early in the movie, it was described as "worse than hell out there", and yet it's also shown that the worst the blue people could do was fire arrows into tires so massive that they didn't even have an impact.And sure enough, the later onslaught was met with such flimsy resistance that The Bad Guy was calmly sipping coffee in a flying vehicle during a major firefight. "Worse than hell"? Why, because he risked his coffee cooling to room temperature?I don't get it. I never will. The only high point of the movie, as far as I'm concerned, was Michelle Rodriguez's low neckline. I'll never get sick of seeing that woman with a gun.But do a few shots of cleavage make up for two and a half hours of smurf puke? That, friends, is what we call a rhetorical question. Look it up.

When a smart and creative idea meets a great director of photography, a great editor and a great director, then AVATAR comes out.I don't mean to leave out the actors job which still is over the top of what I usually expect from actors, especially after I have seen 2012 which comparing with avatar is 2/10 rating.Excellent work on graphic, and smart especially because this sci-fi was not something we can't even imagine, but a reality where things we usually like are powered: The led on natures, the blue-green gradient, the tall blue habitants of Pandora, the great half dinosaurs creatures...AND the MOTION. The motion of things, animals and people was everything. From my point of view, Dynamism was the best part of it, besides the beautiful special effects of colours and shapes, the quickness of movements of the blue guys was amazing and astonishing. beautiful to see and to feel.Here another topic: James Cameron know s how to make people FEEL the movie. I don't understand how, but He knows how make us audience sniff flowers, touching the ground, and tasting the air of Pandora. I didn't watch it on 3D so this means it's not about the third dimension.About actors: I loved most of performance, I got something to say about the cigarettes that could have been avoided besides they have no sense in the movie, but great, great great.And the best part: When I saw "The dark knight" which I do like a lot, after Harvey got fired in face I told myself "that's the end" and I mean it cause I felt even tired of the next 45 minutes. Comparing to Avatar, I stand with holding tears for 1 hour and a half. For instance, Clint Eastwood movies got you in that mood usually during the last 10/5 minutes and you say "this is a great movie". But Cameron, damn gets you in after a hour and KEEP you there for the next 1 hour and a half, incredible, and when avatar finished, I didn't want it to finish.I really have a lot to say about it but I'll stop here, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING???? GO AND WATCH IT!

AVATAR is the Jurassic Park of this generation, with no doubt is it a family film, but it is also a hybrid of everything good in Cameron.Firstly, The highly-talked about visuals have given me, and the audience a true experience, if that is counted by the number of gasps, claps and heartbeats of every audience member, I seriously didn't get that in Transformers or 2012, people literally gasped when Jake explored the Bio-Luminescence nightlife of Pandora, now that is something you don't usually get in films! But this film isn't just about visuals, it's about the magic of film-making. And that is something rarely achieved in such absolute beauty, beauty that leaves you walking away from the theater, wanting to return the next day, and the day after that. I have never felt so good after watching a movie, a movie that holds such beautiful magic, since the original star-wars trilogy came out back in the 70's and 80's.The film ends leaving you wanting more, it starts by slowly enticing you, then gradually building up into one heck of an adventure, rolling at such a speed that you'd never think it would end, but films end eventually, and I just hope that we are given more in the future, so seriously, enjoy the power of seeing it for the first-time, watch it with a fresh-mind, an empty bowl and zero distractions because the world of Pandora awaits, the trip of a lifetime to an alien world beyond your imagination!

This is one of the few movies that I have actually paid to see in a cinema more than twice, that for me says something about how good I think it is.The first time I saw this move I sat in a row very close to the screen and it was in 3D. It blew me away. This was the cinema release which was 162 minutes long. It felt like 5 minutes and held my attention from start to finish. I came back the next day and sat through it again, this time a little further back and again in 3D. After about a 3 hour break for lunch and other activities I came back to the cinema and watched it again, this time in 2D. All three times the movie was 162 minutes long and each time it felt like no time at all. My immediate rating after each viewing was 8/10.Months later this came out on Blu Ray with the extended cut available at 178 minutes. 16 whole extra minutes added, wow, so cool were my thoughts before watching it. After I had watched the extended cut the first time my immediate rating was 10/10, those 16 minutes for me changed the whole movie and made it so much better.Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang, Michelle Rodriguez, Wes Studi and CCH Pounder, just a few of the name actors in this masterpiece and they all contribute and add to the experience of a great movie.James Cameron hit the ball out of the park with this one as far as I am concerned. I loved Titanic, but this just goes to the next level. Probably the best movie I have ever had the privilege of watching many many times.This movie has everything, action, romance, drama and comedy. Anyone who did not see the funny moments must not have watched the same movie.If you haven't ever seen this movie yet, get the extended cut copy and view it, avoid any other copy, you will not be disappointed.

For a few months I put off watching Avatar because I felt that the trailer simply didn't grab my attention. From my notion of not judging a book by its cover just because the director is a celebrated writer, I shrugged this film off believing the general idea of the film to be either altogether ludicrous or heroically ambitious. After reading numerous reviews, hearing how good it was by word of mouth, and then learning it was fairly high up on the IMDb top 250, I decided to finally watch it. To put it bluntly I was blown away.I've watched this movie twice. The first time I watched it, I found the first 20-30 minutes to be fairly mediocre, with merely satisfactory character and plot development, however finding that the rest of the movie escalated into a very captivating and enjoyable experience. At the end of the first sitting I thought it was pretty good, but had one or two areas for improvement. After watching it a second time I was largely surprised to find that it simply blew me away as I enjoyed it from the opening sequence, whether this was due to my prior knowledge of what was to come, or simply paying more attention.The depth of the story is phenomenal, and really kicks into high gear when you start to learn more about the native humanoid clans known as the "Na'vi". Pandora, the world that James Cameron has created is incredibly detailed from the large landscapes to the small wildlife as you explore it through the eyes of Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paraplegic ex-Marine who came to Pandora following his genetically-identical twin brother's death. As the story progresses his performance gets better and better. Possibly the best display of acting comes from Zoe Saldana, portraying Neytiri, the Na'vi princess of the Omaticaya Clan who brings an electrifying personality to the story. As Jake is taught the way of the Na'vi people by Neytiri, they begin to fall in love in a groundbreaking and emotionally engaging experience as eventually they must fight to protect Pandora from the increasingly destructive and seemingly evil Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang) who does an excellent job in turning the audience as he becomes ever-more brutal towards the natives. Sigourney Weaver and Joel Moore also pull off their roles as Pandora scientists with perfection in their quest to learn more about the Na'vi as well as eventually helping Jake fight Colonel Quaritch.The special effects of Avatar, though clearly an unrivalled benchmark in the film industry, have been criticised by other reviewers who believe the film wouldn't be nearly as good were it not for the CGI. My opinion is quite the reverse. Though others may see the special effects as a 'distraction' from a poorly written story derived from other films, I believe the effects are precisely what make the story so effective. I strongly disagree with the notion that Avatar is like Dances With Wolves in some fancy clothes. I think the CGI, though brilliant in itself, is what draws you into this epic adventure as you really connect with the characters and cannot help but get wrapped up in the building tension between the Na'vi and human forces.On a final note, I think Writer/Director James Cameron hit the nail on the head when he created Avatar, which definitely deserves a spot in the top 100. One of those rare must-see films. 9.7/10

Initially conceived in 1999 as Cameron's follow up to Titanic, Avatar was put on hold when Cameron realized the technology did not exist yet to support his vision. Over the course of the next decade, Cameron created much of the technology he needed to make this movie possible. In 2002, Cameron watched The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and through the character of Gollum realized that his vision was finally possible. Twelve years have passed since the release of James Cameron's Titanic, will his new film prove that Cameron is still "King of the World"? Much has been made of Cameron's Avatar long before it's release. Hailed as a revolution in 3D and CGI technology, Avatar holds a lot of expectations, not the least of which is the fact that the budget and marketing for this film add up to approximately half a billion dollars, making it the most expensive movie ever made. Of course, Cameron has been here before. Titanic cost $200 million to make, the largest budget for a feature film at the time, and just when it looked like it was going to goose that laid the rotten egg it proceeded to make $1.8 billion worldwide, making it the highest grossing film of all time. Cameron's also not new to the idea of revolutionizing the world of film with almost every movie he makes: with The Abyss he had the first all digital water effect, with Terminator 2 he had the first CGI character with realistic movement, and so on. Can lightning strike yet again? I'm generally someone who's adverse to using all caps for anything, but: DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS MOVIE!!!!! Also don't wait for it to come to DVD or to a TV station near you. Why, you ask? Because this movie is a movie that has to be seen the way it was intended to truly get the fully immersive experience. I watched the trailers on TV and online, and none of that compared to seeing the film in theaters in 3D. With Avatar, Cameron has truly outdone himself. When District 9 came out, I raved about the CGI effects in that movie, but Avatar is a whole other monster. With Avatar you truly cannot tell where the CGI begins and reality ends and vice versa, and on top of that it is the most beautiful film I've ever seen, CGI or otherwise. On top of that, Cameron's new 3D cameras create an experience that is in no way uncomfortable. No headaches and no motion sickness for those of you who suffer from that sort of thing. Instead, you get a highly immersive experience that leaves you begging for more (which is saying something, considering the film's run time is 162 minutes) and wanting to return when you leave.I've seen a lot of reviews lately that talk about the film having a weak script with too many clichés and one dimensional characters. What you really get, in my opinion though, is old school story telling with a message, even though the message is drowned out in special effects and action. The script moves quickly, there is no downtime, but you also never feel like the pacing is off, or that it's moving too fast. Cameron has built a complete world, we don't just see characters and action, but we see complete eco systems, and are introduced to many characters. While the entire cast is amazing, Sam Worthington as Jake Sully and Stephen Lang as Colonel Miles Quaritch are the real standouts here. Sam Worthington creates a character that you feel for, and through his progress from pawn to leader is truly believable and heartfelt. Stephen Lang, on the other hand, gives us a character that starts off just trying to do his duty, but eventually becomes a character on par with Sergeant Barnes from Platoon or Colonel Kurtz from Apocalypse Now.I purposefully chose not to mention anything about the plot for this movie. I think this movie is going to be the revolution of movies that Cameron believes it's going to be. I've seen reviewers compare it to The Wizard of Oz (the movie to truly lead the color revolution) and King Kong (the 1933 version, which revolutionized special effects), and I wholeheartedly agree. I still can't completely fathom what I just saw, and will probably see it at least one more time on the big screen if not more. Anyone who's into film, the tech of film, or just wants to keep up with where film is going in the future should see this film. On top of that, this movie touches on so many different genres (SciFi, fantasy, romance, war films, drama, etc.) that it will appeal to almost everyone. Once again, James Cameron is "King of the World"! 5/5

Avatar - Avatar is James Cameron's much awaited epic - the likes of which has not been seen in several years. It's great to know that something this long in the making was actually worth the wait. Jake (Sam Worthington) is a marine sent to replace his twin brother in a mission on an enemy planet. Jake is uploaded into an "Avatar", a genetic copy of the Na'vi the alien race he is to infiltrate. Jake's loyalties are put to the test.Avatar reinforces why certain ideas, now scathingly called cliché in the first place, are still so potent in the collective unconsciousness. The problem with so many films that tried and failed to utilize similar themes, is they have lacked the emotional maturity and depth of Avatar. The mere fact that Avatar succeeds so well indicates the truth of it's message. Is Jake going to convert? Of course he is. A relatable realistic portrayal of Jake by Sam Worthington makes us believe this. Who wouldn't want to fly? Who wouldn't want to see so much simple natural beauty and trade it in a heartbeat for their mechanized, false environment? One of the things I liked with that Jake's defection was not just for the sake of his co-star Neytiri (Zoe Saldana), who is played with vitality and heart.There is great work form the ensemble. Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez and Joel Moore all give quality work as the good guys. Stephen Lang plays the badass villain Colonel Miles Quaritch, while Giovanni Ribisi plays a scummy corporate shill.The aesthetics and scope of the film are incredible. Whether it is seen in 3-D or not the film is a work of art. The planet is gorgeous from head to toe. Its destruction is a painful reminder of the Amazon Rainforest. Some of the creatures resemble underwater creatures, whilst others bear resemblance to the conquered by nature dinosaurs. The Na'vi are a subtle mix of various conquered peoples through history. Part Indian in bone structure, part African. And who took these people by storm in the first place you ask? It is a look into the other side's shoes that Avatar provides. We haven't been the good guys for a long time guys. I love my troops for their sacrifices, but I feel that these are very much the wrong wars.The film succeeds at being preachy by diving in with it's heart on it's sleeve. The message isn't tacked on: We are the assholes when we go forth with our worst instincts for cruelty and greed. The message is strengthened by a millenia of history. The film jogs it's viewers over to the side of peace and naturalism and has them rejecting corporate greed and military strong-arming in the course of three hours. If that's not a testament to the amazing power of correctly done film than I'm not sure what is.My tiny problem is the choice of the name for the precious metal the Earthers desire so badly: unobtainium. Yeesh. C'mon guys. How about a little subtlety for audience members over the age of 12? How about "nofindium" or "macguffium". In such a well crafted film, this feels like a first draft problem everyone was too deeply involved on the project to feel like changing.Several sites indicate that two sequels are in the works. My initial response was a groan, as I thought this was a great stand-alone film that needed no further examination, but this is James Cameron the master of sequels we're talking about here. I'm sure this will bear amazing children for the years to come.2009 was a sorry year in many respects, but film was not one of them. Virtually all of the films I deeply enjoyed for using their brains, brawn and wit were financial successes. Perhaps the mass appetite/recognition for quality has not been diminished, only starved in the past few years. Maybe there is hope after all. If we're going to survive, we'll need intelligence, artistry, and ecological conscientiousness, whether we like it or not.Avatar gets an A.

While watching Avatar for the first time, all I could think was, "Wow." Ever since I left, all I could think was, "I want to see it again." I actually did see it again. Yeah, I loved Avatar.To start, James Cameron's epic was visually amazing. The Na'vi looked real. Pandora looked stunning. The creatures were convincing. The human weapons, ships, robots were also realistic and believable. But enough about the CG and special effects, what about the story? Many action movies and sci-fi movies don't have much of a plot. Avatar does not fall in this category. Cameron layers this story, intertwining numerous different themes.The first evident theme is shown by Colonel Quaritch (Stephen Lang). Quaritch is hardcore, hardened military man. He shows no mercy to his enemies and is quick to decide you are his enemy. He had an unwavering prejudice of the Na'vi and those who side with them. He is eager to fight them. The underlining theme here is that some like Quaritch fight first, ask questions later. Military is shown in a negative light in this film, but it really isn't military, they are hired "security". This brings me to the next theme woven into this film.The next theme is that of corporate greed. Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi) is trying to please shareholders by destroying the home of the Na'vi to get the conveniently named unobtainium. He needs to make money at all costs. We see this around us every day. Greed. Love of money above the lives of others. It is sad, but true.Another theme I've noticed is that of love. Jake falls in love with Neytiri. Cameron is good at telling stories like these (Titanic). Just to be clear, though, this is NOT the main theme. Sure it is there, but it does not consume the story.I've only touched on those themes that are evident to me and more obvious. I'm sure there are many more--I just thought of one: redemption--but I just wanted to convey that this film is much more than pretty visuals and action. There is a heart and soul to this movie.There was solid acting all around. They aren't the biggest names in the film industry, but the actors in this film do their job. The musical score in this film is good, not great. James Horner's score in some places is spectacular and in others somewhat generic. I've listened to it separate outside the movie (and obviously during the film) and I like it. It doesn't match his work in Titanic, but it does the job well. On a side note, this movie doesn't feature unnecessary sex scenes, swearing, or any other garbage featured in a lot of today's movies; I was pleasantly surprised.Finally, the 3D is cool, but not needed. I think in someways it really adds, but really, the film doesn't need 3D to be a great film.P.S. Cameron said if Avatar is successful, he might make up to 2 sequels to it.I expected to enjoy this movie, but not this much. I'm not going to give any more away. I was truly drawn into the Avatar experience. I think you can be too.http://jimmyssweetblog.blogspot.com/

Watching on my computer, I realize that the direction and the way the story unfolds is really really terrible. The characters are very shallow, and there are a lot of inconsistencies in the storyline.The people of Pandora are shown to be stupid. Initially termed as very violent, why do they let humans on their planet in the first place. When Jake goes to them first, everybody wants a piece of him. But when they are getting attacked, no one wants to retaliate. Instead, all they do is gather around defenseless and pray ?? And the way they pray is worse than what humans do.Graphics of the movie might be great, but it lacks on the basic building blocks of a good action / thriller. Watching the character of Jake and the general for 5 minutes, you can easily predict that its going to come down to a duel between them. And thats the main fight ???Once again, I wish to bring to your attention that the storyline and direction sucked.

I did not like Avatar. There, I said it. Criticize me, but this movie was bad. Just bad.One of the most predictable stories I've ever seen. Curiosity: I saw this movie with my best friend and usually before the movie starts we discuss how the movie is going to go and how the story will develop. We do that before every movie and many times we get the ending right (maybe not 100% right, but the most important things), but avatar was the first movie where we got everything right. EVERYTHING. We talked for like 20 minutes and got everything right. It was like We went inside Cameron's mind or something, just kidding because even a 10 year old could've guessed 90% of the movie.OK. So the graphics were awesome. So what?! Is a movie all about graphics to you? A movie only needs to be visually awesome to have an 8.4 rating?? How low has the movie industry gone? If people stopped thinking about the graphics for 5 minutes and just thought about the supernatural amount of clichés and predictability present in this movie, maybe this movie would have a 6 or 7 rating, but no, most people are like a little kid looking at something shiny and new - the content doesn't matter as long as it's pretty.Just one thing, if you didn't see the movie and don't want to hear or be aware of spoilers follow these measures: 1-Don't watch the trailer(it'll give too much away) 2-Don't read the synopsis (it'll give too much away) 3-Don't even think, or you'll figure the whole thing. Believe me. It's that predictable.

Although "Avatar" may not be James Cameron's greatest story I consider it a great popcorn movie. It is a film, that should work fine even without IMAX cinema - however with 3D for me it was fantastic! Already once Cameron took a lot of risk with "Titanic". Back then his success was nothing you could have expected back then! His newest creation is no less risky but it seems it will work out perfectly fine.What has always impressed me considering this director and writer (especially when thinking of his movies "The Abyss", "Terminator 2", "Aliens"...): nothing in Camerons script seems to be coincidence. Everything seems to have a profound reason. Every picture is thoroughly thought. Same holds true for "Avatar". Its plot provides several typical Cameron elements: the clash of different worlds, technology versus nature, progress versus tradition, human species crossing a crucial line and so on. I heard it reminded several viewers of films like "The Last Samurai" but I'd say the meaning of this story goes deeper. It's not just about how we deal with other cultures and traditions, it's about how blind we deal with nature.During this picture, you can almost feel how its 3D technology is evolving. The director and his crew were painting an image of colossal size, merging tons of impressive ideas from all directions (movies, nature...). So far I have never seen anything as detailed. It's like seeing (feeling in some way) a different world - which from my point of view is "Avatar"'s greatest strength. This time the very archetypal plot is no more than a fancy (though not less moving) accessory.Easy to see I'm very positive about this movie. On the other hand - without 3D and especially on a TV screen - I could imagine that "Avatar" might have some lengthy moments. I assume that probably 3D needs more "lengthy" moments to relax than 2D. In my point of view Cameron chose the right pace and you'll have enough time to become familiar with this new world. There are several moments, when "Avatar" is like a "prototype", where not everything is perfect. And yes, the quality of 3D varies and some images seem to have little space, whereas others look totally overwhelming. But from my point of view the story is strong enough overcome little flaws.Summing up: "Avatar" is offering a truly wonderful impression of what is possible, how cinema can/will be plus even more and also a very moving story which hopefully will create a more positive spirit towards nature. A film which already is one important brick in the wall of film history !

I went into the theater not knowing what to expect on this one. I didn't have high expectations in the slightest. I COULD NOT HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG! This movie took number 1 on my movie list by leaps and bounds. From the plot, character development, CGI effects, everything! This movie is legit and I would gladly go see it again if opportunity arose! The best part i think was the character development and the high amount of emotion in this film. I don't want to spoil anything for anyone but i definitely suggest to go see this movie--now. The language isn't perfect, but it's cleaner than most movies nowadays and it flows into the movie very nicely and is kind-of a must have in the areas it is placed. Definitely 10 stars and more if I could give them. Props on this one! Fantastic movie!

I've just returned from this amazing cinematic experience, and agree with all the raves about the technical expertise and effects that make this film stunning, the music which truly makes the spirit soar, and the amazing acting, from every single actor stretching their limits. But the clear messages that were being presented and sometimes bombarded at the audience were what really blew me away. As I sat and allowed myself to be entrenched in this fantasy world, it was as if I was hearing the voices and cries of thousands of generations of peoples and thousands more of animal and plant species that have been wiped off the face of the earth. "We will fight terror with terror!" the character of Stephen Lang shouts before attacking the natives, in a blatantly satirical "kill all the hostiles - ie women, children, and people generally defending their homes" scene. What a genius way of summing up the untold violence and stupidity of Western war mongers. It makes sense that Cameron is Canadian born. (says a fellow Canadian!)Any film which can convey such commendable messages without being didactic and be so utterly entertaining and visually beautiful deserves my ten.

I'm giving this movie a 2/10 because undeniably the art and beauty that is the setting of Avatar is outstanding. It's a gorgeous movie but I find it offensive as a movie-goer that we should be expected just to like a movie because the hype and a gorgeous setting.This movie severely lacked plot and character development, especially the latter. The main character had some depth but the supporting cast had very little, and I did not feel at all attached to their causes or goals. The movie was far too long to cover as little as it did, there was more to uncover about the characters, their past, and how they interacted with one another but it was shown through quickly progressing scenes, with little dialogue relying on the score and beauty of the setting to speed us through the time of the movie. Months were shown over the matter of minutes, which would be okay if they had some fully formed characters I could believe in, but that was not the case here.As mentioned in other reviews, the plot originality is severely lacking, I found myself during nearly the entire movie thinking.."oh this is just like that movie" or "that is just like this movie". That's not to say that similar themes are recycled in many modern movies, but this one wasn't even cobbled together convincingly to be its own story, you can see the loose threads of other movies everywhere, only turned into a Avatar themed world. Clichés abound here. This movie is getting way more positive reviews than it deserves probably because of the expert animation/visual effects and the huge hype before hand. It's disappointed to see such a sub-par movie getting such a fabulous reaction from movie-goers, we deserve better. Hype+Stunning Visual Effects does not equal great cinema.

I have registered only because this AMAZING movie and even my poor English I have decided to write short review.I expected something special but what I saw in the cinema completely sucked me up there...with wonderful feelings and tears in my eyes. Performance, story, acting and music...all fit perfectly. We can not even name it a movie...it is more than it...Mr.Cameron made the dreams come true...I have been in the world I always wanted to be in and I want to come back... And that is why I go to see it again..and again.. Absolutely extraordinary!!!!

Hi everybody and best Greetings from Germany / Cologne ! To make it simple: AVATAR deserves a very "high-end-IMDb-score",- because it's one of those movies you will always remember or in other words will never forget,- and that's because of the "Aha!!-WoW!-Effect" !Do you remember "STAR WARS - The Lightsaber" ? Do you remember "JURASSIC PARC I - The Dinosaurs" ? Do you remember "THE ABYSS - The Water-CGI-Aliens" ? Do you remember "TERMINATOR 2 - T1000 Liquidmetal-Appearance" ? Do you remember "Lord of the Rings - Gollum" ? Do you remember "PREDATOR - Predator as itself" ? Do you remember "TRANSFORMERS 1 + 2 - CGI" ? Do you remember "Disrict 9 - Robofight-End-Scene" ?Yes ? Oh!...then,- it's simple....,- you wont forget "AVATAR" ( watch it in 3D ). And even if you don't like the story....your brain,- once seen this film,- wont let you forget it.HA!! Simple !! 10/10

The first 10 rating I've given to a movie. Plot? Characters? maybe an 8 or so.. but still not weak enough to detract from the overall result. If you add action 10/10, CGI 13/10, imagination 13/10 I think it adds up to a perfect score. All I can say is that the CGI is so amazing in this movie that there were a LOT of FIRSTS for me: 1. found myself just staring at random parts of the screen to notice the amazing attention to detail. 2. found myself trying to figure out if some of the CGI were real camera shots blended in - it was so good it looked like a picture. 3. found myself thinking - this is the first CGI dominated film in which the CGI scenes trump the live actor scenes. I was slightly disappointed when Jake would leave his avatar and return to real life. 4. found myself not noticing an emotional difference between the real actors and the CGI characters. the movements, emotions, textures, and everything are superb! groundbreaking! 5. found myself attracted to a completely CGI character - Neytiri (mm...mmmmm!) To me this film is a first - it shows that we can now take the full extent of ones imagination and put it on film. Creativity + technology in the right hands has led to an amazing accomplishment.Go see it.

This movie is without a single doubt the best movie I've seen in a long time, and that even with stiff competition from a whole array of big movies that went up this year. Everything was so wonderfully made that it almost felt as if it could be a real world. He really brought to focus the best and the worst of man. He tries to show us that we need to be more tolerant, patient, curious and kind. And that we need to look after one and other and the environment which surrounds us. There is no plan B. This is a movie experience that will follow me for a long time I think, and the message that Cameron gives us is more important now than ever before.

I have seen the movie in 3D last night and I am really really exited. This movie was fun to watch and I enjoyed nearly every minute (161 min). The storyline is not as bad as some people say. The visual effects are ground breaking and you will flow with the 3D effects, the colors, the atmosphere. When I left the theater, I was unable to put my opinion in words, it was just awesome. The last time I was blown away by a movie like this was 1999 with "The matrix". Just convince yourself and ignore the complaining critics. Watch it in 3D, otherwise you will miss a lot. In the times of huge flat screen TV's, cinema is back with an experience you can not copy at home. THIS is the right answer to illegal copies. The storyline is simple, but it works great. Just do not expect a deep philosophical statement and enjoy the experience. Definitely 10 out of 10. The best movie 2009 and a lot of entertainment.

I just saw Avatar earlier this night and though I am still drunk off of its glory, my opinion of this movie will not change when I sober up. Also, it should be noted the theater I went to attempted to butcher my experience with the screen glitching half way through the movie and then about a minute of a blank screen and silence following- and yet still it could not kill the buzz that is Avatar.I went into the movie with great expectations and not surprisingly, it surpassed them. This movie is more than just watching a film, it is an experience. Avatar has it all: action, suspense, love, comedy, beauty, and digital 3d. I thought the plot was great, the acting great, and obviously the cgi is borderline unholy. The film also has some great messages weaved throughout the story, reflecting many different issues past and present.As much as I love watching and talking about movies, I have yet been this compelled to comment/review a movie on IMDb- I literally just registered to type this drivel.This movie took a fat budget to be created but by definition you can't put a price on a piece of priceless art.Bottom line...this is a must see and a must see in the movie theater in 3d.3/28/10 edit: Not so great. Still great, just not an emphatic great. I drop my rating by one star for a 9 out of 10. And I do not support the clicking of the box "Yes" to the question "Was the above review useful to you?" in regards to my above statement concerning Avatar.

The most cliché ridden movie I've ever had the displeasure of seeing. This is the result of James Cameron taking the most transparent parts of proceeding Oscar winnings films, sticking them into a blender and pouring the resulting cliché milkshake onto film. It is tedious beyond belief. Within 10 minutes one can easily predict what will happen. I've seen less predictable episodes of The Brady Bunch. I wont rant about the one dimensional characters, done to death plot or the name of the mineral (unobtanium ??!?!?! hahahaha sorry), they've been covered adequately in other reviews.Let me just say pretty does not mean brilliant. Because pretty it is. However if I want pretty, I'll take a short trip to the country side. I wanted 3 hours of entertainment. Not 3 hours of staring at a rainbow.Avoid if you have a semblance of intelligence and expect artists to be creative.

Ferngully in 3D. Wow. Seriously? How can you have this completely lame story with these pretty cool 3D effects and win awards? Hey, baby - it's Hollywood. I am not even sure there's much more to say - even the effects were not as spectacular as some folk made it seem. The blue folk seemed pretty bizarre on their own, but later in the movie when they showed them next to their human counterparts, we can see that while the 3D is much improved, the graphics have not evolved one whit farther than Jar-jar Binks. I mean, honestly - as long as you twits keep forking out dollars James T Cameron Diaz is gonna make another version.And you'll eat it with forks. Me? I say, "fork this!"

James Cameron has made the most fun, exhilarating thriller movie of the year. I came into the theater, remembering the critics praise and the buzz of everyone saying that the movie was awesome. So I had high expectations, but I mean really really high. Even with such high expectation, the movie manage to exceed them.The plot is simple. But in a way its organized and crafted superbly, you are guaranteed to have fun. Yes its a little bit obvious but do not let it take you down, because there's more to the movie.Great acting for everybody. Very convincing and very realistic. And very well directed by James Cameron.The object that attracts you most to the film it's the beautiful CGI effects. The trees, the creatures, the scenery, its all just perfect. The way to synchronize reality with the effects it's just awesome.As the film progresses, you start to get into it. By just watching it, you feel that the story grows into you. You start to become part of the film.The film is a fun-filled ride. Truly exciting and magical. The movie is an instant classic, worthy of many Oscars. This one goes on my top movie list as #1.I wish I could give it more than 10 it deserves all the praise the movie is getting. For once I can agree with the critics.

If anyone tells you before seeing Avatar that they were expecting a well written epic, would you think he's retarded? Probably. Our little planet waits for this sci-fi spectacle for one reason--spectacular visual effects in 3D.I just saw it in 3D in a Bangkok cinema, and I got what I had expected before. So, it's worth the price for anyone paid to see it(As you can see I gave it an 8/10). The phenomenon created by the actual viewing is almost beyond the words. Walking onto Pandora, both the audiences and Jake Sully(Sam Worthington) were awed by a very believable alien world. This is no "Final Fantasy", and this is definitely not a Pixar movie, it's James Cameron's visual ambition realized with 230 million dollars. As we see the complete alien ecosystem on Pandora, the lively details of every character and creature on the screen, one can't help being dragged into the world created by Cameron's team. Many scenes felt so heartfelt and thoughtful that you almost want to be a naturalist yourself. But, one can also start to build up another dimension of expectation as the incredible first act is enough to promote a well-developed mythology.You might be asking why did I wrote such a negative title. Yes, you got the idea. After my expectation was inflated, the 2nd and last act only led to one dimension of story, which was already well told in $19million-budgeted Dances with Wolves. This isn't really bad, but a minor disappointment because this outrageous similarity can take the audiences back to their reasons and minds. While watching the 2nd act which involves some tragic situations, I couldn't help but noticing the Na'vis were actually native Americans in blue skins. The 3rd act only made me notice the lack of depth in the "civilization clash" theme.Still, this is not saying Avatar is not a good movie. On the contrast, this review means to help you stocking less on the story side and totally immerse into the movie's visuals and logics. Concerning logics, I am already decided not to call Avatar a Sci-fi because it's more alike Star Wars. But be warned this is not Star Wars because the scale of the movie ate everything else, including performances. Though, Stephen Lang's Colonel Miles was a strong candidate for this generation's Darth Vader. Enjoy being a Na'vi!

Avatar reportedly cost a staggering 230 to 310 million dollars if you are prepared to believe what Wikipedia claims. Me, I can't help thinking I'd rather have had either Terminator 5 or Aliens 7 or, given the budget, both.Go and see Avatar for the visual spectacle – and believe me when I say that describing the visuals as spectacular is an understatement. Pandora is beautifully conceived and rendered, though obviously by people who have never been in a forest in their lives given the lack of dead trees, dead leaves, mud and general detritus. The plants, animals and people are convincing and beautiful.The critics have been going on about this being a breakthrough in film-making technology but I can't see it. It looks good but doesn't look better than, say, Lord of the Rings. The wholly animated alien people, plants and animals are no more impressive than the CGI Gollum was a few years ago. I actually felt rather disappointed, I was expecting something new but this is more of the same computer jiggery-pokery.Do not go and see it for the plot and writing. The plot is a monumentally formulaic "don't hurt the environment, man" riff. We have seen all the characters before in a hundred other films: the driven research scientist who's brilliance allows her to be rude to everyone; the greedy corporate schill prepared to do anything to ensure a profit; the battle hardened colonel with an itchy trigger finger; etcetera ad infinitum. The dialogue, while not awful, is dull and unmemorable, lacking any humour or wit.Go and see it, the critics like it, most people like it, you'll probably like it. I thought it was okay with a side order of gigantically missed opportunity.Spoiler Giant corporation, "The Company" (Weyland-Yutani perhaps), plans to strip-mine the Eden-like planet/moon Pandora*. All that stands in their way are a race of technologically primitive aboriginals, the Na'vi (who suffer from what literary grammatologists call the "Fantasy apostrophe").Jake Sully, a paraplegic former marine, is recruited by The Company to operate the titular alien clone "avatar" originally made for his deceased twin brother. Sigourney Weaver's driven botanist/anthropologist wants him to help her study the aliens and their environment. Colonel Doombringer wants him to deliver intelligence on the aliens so that he can destroy them and Mr Corporate McEvil (Giovani Ribisi) wants him to persuade the Na'vi to leave their giant tree house so that he can drill for the precious unobtainum beneath it**.Jake, however, quickly becomes enamoured by the culture and ways of the Na'vi and his teacher, a stunningly gorgeous Na'vi called Neytiri (voice and, I assume, movements of Zoe Saldana). Coming to value the environmental harmony in which the Na'vi live, Jake leads them in a final battle to try to reclaim their world from the humans***.End Spoiler Expect a director's cut a few years after the DVD comes out where the voice-over has been removed and a bunch of unnecessary scenes added back in.* Who names a planet Pandora, for God's sake? Seriously? Anyone who knows their mythology knows that Pandora's Box contained all the world's evil. It's like saying "I know, we'll call it Deathworld, that sounds nice right?".** A quick google search indicates that "Unobtainium" is the material that Oakley use to make the frames for their shades (check it out if you don't believe me). This suggest the fascinating concept that, in the future, Oakley sunglasses have become humanity's primary means of exchange.*** !BIG SPOILER! Which they unsurprisingly win – I couldn't help thinking that before the credits there would be a screen of text saying "Three years after these events, humans returned to Pandora, cleansing its surface with nuclear fire".

Avatar is an awful movie.Avatar isn't 'mind numbing' - that is the wrong expression. It's exasperatingly, walk-out predictable. It's the same feeling you get watching a nice-looking person you just KNOW is going to do something stupid. Again and again. We have all done that, and after watching for a while you just despair and walk away ..But a review should be constructive. So I have had a think and have worked out what could have saved Avatar from all the bad reviews. The hero of Avatar, played by Sam Worthington, should have been played by Stephen Hawking.Now THAT would have been a movie, won some worthwhile Oscars and made everyone who sees it happy.Ideas like these don't come cheap, and this one is too late so it's free. But I suggest - if you are making a movie - you contact me BEFORE the casting and the script is finished. You never know what a director's Oscar could do for your career ..

James Cameron has big ideas and big visions. Thankfully, the latter he dives into with a lust for cinematic glory and (with more money than some countries have in an entire year) he has made his vision of a planet called Pandora in the year 21-something something of a real wonder. If only his big ideas weren't, for the most part, cribbed from other movies and stories and archetypes. I would be reminded of Joseph Campbell's myth-buster formula that so many have taken to heart in adventure movies, but Cameron's formula would appear to come second to his attention to visual detail. This has its pros and cons, some more or some less depending on what viewer sees/hears in it all.It is ambitious, and quite expensive, and it all shows up on the screen. It has to be said, Avatar is absorbing to look at. So much time and energy was spent into creating this fictional alien species, the Na'vi, and it pays off in the respect that Cameron's visual fx team painstakingly makes it appear real and otherworldly at the same time. We might recognize the lush and green surroundings, or even some of the trippy creatures, and if it comes close to anything it's like Ferngully: The Last Rainforest squared and made semi-pre-historic. But it's the scope and grandeur, and when we see the Na'Vi in close-ups or even just far away, you can see the sweat and the detail in their faces, the human beings playing them projecting off the screen. I forgot, if only for a few moments at a time, that they were animated and done in motion-capture. If part of a filmmaker's job, in a situation like a super-mega-sci-fi epic is to make us believe in another world and place (even if it's familiar), then Cameron has done his job very admirably.So if Pandora is great to look at (especially in the practically prerequisite 3D, which also has its own levels of detail and nuance and doesn't just JUMP at a viewer), and if the technology shown on screen- of how a human being goes into an avatar, is fascinating, then why isn't it such a smash all around? Simple - the story, and the characters. Cameron does pay them attention, but only inasmuch as to get us going into the Pandora environment. When he has characters like Jake Sully (very good Sam Worthington) and Neytiri (Zoe Saldana, even better) saying such trite dialog and going through the motions of a story that is familiar to anyone who has seen Ferngully or Dances with Wolves or, to a lessor extent, Last Samurai or New World (super pro-environment, obvious anti-colonialist), it starts to drag the film with it. I never grew tired of the cinematography or the wonderful sights on Pandora, but could I have done without such one-dimensional gritting-of-teeth from Stephen Lang? Absolutely.I'm not sure if there should be more movies like Avatar. It takes a filmmaker with the ambition and drive, and the super-screw-you-guys clout that James Cameron has with such a project (not to mention the time for it allotted him - not since Kubrick has a filmmaker taken so long between projects), to pull off something like this. CGI-driven movies could progress thanks to the prowess displayed here, but it does need to be done with the right frame of attitude towards the story. Even if such story is formulaic as this one, a filmmaker does need to try and push the technology a little further while also not forgetting about the human element. Cameron comes close... no, he does go over the brink of doing style over substance, but for this case- and maybe just this one time from an otherwise masterful blockbuster director- it's satisfying.

Like the original 1977 "Star Wars," this film at last raises the bar in terms of crafting a breathtakingly beautiful and mesmerizing alien world and its creatures. I predict there will be several copycat films that try to cash in on the Avatar "look," and the film certainly will have a cult following. Though the movie is over two hours long, it presents such a rich tapestry and lively pace it flows by quickly. The film is so visually overwhelming that the storyline became secondary to me. No other sci-fi film in memory has so convincingly woven together and entire alien biosphere and pre-technological civilization. When I saw the blue "Smurfs-on- steroid" aliens in the trailers, I was afraid this would be a sappy tale. It is anything but. Many elements from Cameron's earlier films are obvious. Sigourney Weaver looks and acts like she just shipped out after her adventure in the movie "Aliens." The bioluminescent creatures of the moon Pandora are reminiscent of the aliens in "The Abyss." The fighter ships come straight from "Terminator." Cameron also heavily borrows designs from the "Dinotopia" fantasy book series.What I do find tiring is the heavy-handed environmentalism message that seems a prerequisite for otherworld fantasy films today. There is even a veiled allusion to the Bible's Tree of Life. Apparently the moon Pandora is a living Garden of Eden. That is, until those greedy, warlike, and arrogant humans come along. This is where the story gets weak and horribly contrived. The moon has some magnetic superconducting element not found anywhere else in the galaxy. And, the natives of Pandora just happen to be living on top of it. Talk about location, location, location.Never mind that the universe is collectively made of exactly the same bricks and mortar found in the periodic table of the elements. Or, that transporting an exotic element to Earth across interstellar space would be ridiculously expensive. It would be vastly cheaper to synthesize it on Earth.The film draws obvious parallels to the decimation of Native Americans by the New World colonists. The military bad guy's are straight out of Cameron's "The Abyss." Apparently humans are so evil they not only would strip mine a planet but also decimate its inhabitants. In reality our scientists would always have the upper hand in such a discovery simply because Pandorans don't vote for Congressmen. A moon like this would be just an astrobiology curiosity. It's totally implausible that any private corporation would have the resources to mount an interstellar gold rush.These story shortcomings aside, "Avatar" is still a powerfully engaging and memorable film. It's a long-awaited break from much less imaginative and utterly moronic story lines in most contemporary sci-fi films, such as "District 9" and "2012."

In my opinion this movie is the best movie of the decade. Personally, it launched itself into my own personal top 5 of all time...maybe even number 1 after I reflect more on my experience. The movie is a magical experience. You will hear "critics" bash the plot as something that has already been done and/or reminds us of about 5 different movies in one. However, I reject these critics analysis because what movie can't you say that about? I once heard there are only around 56 stories in existence, and they keep being retold over and over again in different varieties and with different characters. So the fact that the story is one that is common to us (i.e. an outsider realizes that his own people are the evil and takes sides with aliens to vanquish his own, e.g. Dances with Wolves) doesn't bother me. I think the writing is excellent, the dialog superb, the special effects mind-blowingly amazing, and the story emotionally uplifting (i.e. it may bring a tear to your eye and force you to look at your fellow man a little differently regardless of the color of their skin or gender). To me this experience was beautiful and will be with me for a long time. I suggest this movie to EVERYONE, in IMAX 3D if possible.

Avatar is James Cameron's child in waiting for longer than a decade. Twelve years since Titanic Cameron again delivers with a great science fiction epic with the usual tropes and clichés but somehow making it work. The film looks gorgeous and the planet Pandora will surely give nature pangs to many of us. It makes me wonder how much a great storyteller's skills matter- Everything and everyone was against Cameron and somehow, he has managed to deliver. If you haven't seen Avatar(how?) you should see it as soon as possible- this is a great science fiction adventure from a master filmmaker.

I brought 2 boxes of Goobers to see Avatar... unfortunately for me I needed to have brought 4 boxes! Think the storyline of "Furn Gully" all grown up and using the Tech of "The Matrix" with the heart and Soul of the story line right out of "Braveheart"! Enough said.This is the extraneous stuff you do not need to read to know that you need to go see this film. Unfortunately I need Ten lines of text! The acting was superb, The graphics unparalleled, the sound was Tres' Magnifique! I can not await the arrival of a heartwarming "Mechwarrior" film that really needs to be made! the tech is here and in place lets get on with it people! :)Well done James... Well Done! (Bows and tips hat)

Yes, that's right: Garbage.If you think special effects and action sequences can make up for tepid acting and a lousy script, then you'll like Avatar.If you enjoy watching an arrogant, unimaginative hack director pretend to be creative, then you'll LOVE watching James Cameron regurgitate tired old clichés on a screen. You may even want to help inflate his ego even more (as if he needs any more of it) by perpetuating all the hype and blather about how he "reinvented" movies -- just don't mention that you're using "reinventing" as a synonym for "ripping off other people's ideas," because Jimbo doesn't like being reminded of that.Are you one of those tree-huggers who thinks "Nature" is perfect, and that humans somehow aren't part of it? Do you think that primitive tribal societies are somehow better than industrialized ones? If so, then you'll absolutely adore this obnoxious, preachy, heavy-handed, anti-humanity morality play. Hell, you may even want to paint yourself blue and start a cult.Just hold off on your sermonizing about how marvelous it is to live "in harmony with Nature" until AFTER you shut off all your electricity and plumbing -- and then sell your car, and everything else you own that was produced in a factory. Because until you DO that, you'll be as big a hypocrite as James Cameron.

I waited over 1.5hrs in the queue to watch AVATAR. well I must say that it was worth the time and double or triple the money I spent on it... Fist I loved Terminator as a kid... then Alien 2 and T2... With T2 he borough 3D animated characters alive in the big screen.... followed by the massive Titanic. And today he has definitely revolutionized history of film making with AVATAR. Unfortunately I got to see the normal 2D version of it coz we don't get iMax theaters in our country yet... it did the magic. the AVATAR's and the Na'vis were really acting... Pandora was real... amazing art direction.... they have made a whole universe a real world out in that big screen. The details they have gone in to is just amazing. OK I'm just over-hyped after seeing the movie.... No its seriously amazing and hats off to Cameron and the crew. Talking about the story... it's simple yet flowing nicely where you get attached to. I fell in love with Neytiri.. :) Behind the plot it speaks to all the humans living in this planet earth about a common big issue which we don't realize or ignore. So there's lot more to get from AVATAR than the amazing graphics. I'm waiting to get the DVD with all the extras and the making of footages of the film. So go ahead enjoy and take the message of AVATAR... I'm sure there will be more to come in the future or better and new revolutions of movie making, but AVATAR is already a Classic... and in my opinion it should remain as it is with out sequels...

I have been there finally! I have visited Pandora. It was improbable! Mr. James Cameron, how did you manage to show it? How did you do it possible?I have no words to describe what I've seen. Full illusion of stay inside. It is the new world — the world of 3D. The cinema has turned over. About the same sensations, I think, those people who saw more than 100 years ago "Arrival of a train" they thought the same. (I'm sorry, if I inexactly remember the name of the first tape in history of cinema but there people were frightened and ran out from halls). Too most now — the truth without a fright.I don't know now how I shall go to the cinema more on other films. The whole time of my sitting in the cinema I was trying to understand. How? How is it possible to realize the whole world? It's gorgeous and fabulous picture. What imagination does Mr. Cameron have that he was able to recreate the whole planet in details and thoroughly? He did it with the attention, love and imagination to create all this portrayal of landscapes, trees, plants, insects, other living being and creatures Na'vi look as alive — they really exist. It's like unknown cameraman managed to spy upon another life. I never felt the same before. Shaking ears of Na'vi, sensible eyes and smooth grace of tribesmen. They are alive.Perhaps someone will tell: there is the weak and banal script. But never before it was possible to visit "film", to be inside there, before we simply visited movie-hall, we went to the cinema. And all story and all events now you are feeling together with heroes, you live in this film. You, as well as Jack, go and fly among Na'vi, and every time it's more heavier for you to come back in your old "skin", in the usual body, you wish to return to their wood. You're among Na'vi  you become Na'vi  It is unreal to estimate and approach this film from usual position of the spectator and critic. It shakes and overturns imagination. My language can't call all of these as usual term "special effects", it something new and more. Welcome in new decade or even a new century of cinema! Here it's — magic of cinema. It is unique! P.S. I — was on Pandora! And I want there again!

Okay so I wanna talk for a minute about James Cameron. James Cameron is one of my all time favorite filmmakers ever, he is proven to be a true master at directing films. Look at his body of work and you shall see, it really speaks for itself. Avatar is a masterpiece in many ways to me. There's the amazing special effects and visuals that were so revolutionary back at the time of it's release in 2009. And those visuals really are incredible, seeing Pandora and all it's illustriousness is so enchanting. The effects pull you in, and the talented actors keep you interested in the captivating story. The actors really do a great job here, Zoe Saldana, Sam Worthington, Sigourney Weaver, and Michelle Rodriguez all give it their all here. The characters are likable and the film makes you care about them and root for them. The story is kinda predictable i guess, meaning there aren't a whole lot of big twists, but that's ok by me because the film is done in such a magnificent way that it doesn't need anything like that. Bottom line: this is a great story told by talented actors and illustrated with spectacular visual effects. There are also moments of real emotion here, and that's due to the depth in the characters. I 100% recommend Avatar to any and everyone! I'm so excited for these sequels!

This movie has already been made, it's called Dances With Wolves. Think about the two movies and you will know what I am talking about. It's also way to computer generated for me, it looks fake and stupid. It reminds me of Star Wars 1-3. The Cameron magic failed in this lame movie. There was really nothing about this movie that I liked except that Sigourney Weaver was in it.

Over the years James Cameron's, Avatar has become an extremely controversial movie with some people calling it groundbreaking and a masterpiece and some calling it an overlong and derivative bore. I find myself not completely agreeing with either side but I do believe that it's got far to much um warranted hate. The main hate from this movie comes from that fact that it's got a few blatant similarities to other movies and it's probably this films greatest short coming but it doesn't kill the films it got far to much good in it for it to be considered bad. But one other slight negative with the film is the fact that Sam Worthington is a but bland in this film he just never really stands out or does anything other than what he's required to. But Zoe Saldana is amazing in this film she just completely invests herself in this character and is the greatest motion capture performance since Andy Serkis in Lord of The Rings. The one thing that no one can call derivative in this film is the world of Pandora it is incredible the landscapes look incredible and the Nav'i look incredible they're culture is interesting and entertaining to watch grow. The action sequences look amazing and you feel the scale of these two races fighting each other only through Cameron's direction. In all honesty there's nothing particularly special about Stephen Langs villain but he's incredibly entertaining and holds his own in the battle scenes. I hate the fact that so many people have turned on this movie when James Cameron so clearly poured his heart and soul into it. It looks incredible and has mostly great performances and is truly a movie that (even though similar to others) is like nothing I've ever seen before. 89%-A-

First of all, I'm writing this mainly to thank all the people behind this motion picture. Especially the art department. You guys have made something that has touched people's minds and will be remembered as a milestone in cinema history for ever. I don't know if any of you will ever read this entry but, I hope you do. So I thank each of you for your effort and divine like skills. A special thank you goes to James Cameron. Thank you for this wonderful movie. You have immortalized your self with this picture and will be remembered like a pyramid in the history of motion picture by many.I don't want to spoil anything in this movie. I can only say that I fell in love with a CG character (Neytiri) for the first time. It's odd, but true. I have never seen a CG characters out preform real ones :D. They were so well done that sometimes during the viewing, I refused to think that they were CG characters. I know that the voices of the actors played a big role, but without the magic of the 3D artists and animators, none of it would have been possible.This movie will melt the heart of the most "stiff" and "hard-to-please" movie critics. If you love sci-fi, then it will totally blow your mind away.I don't care if there will be a sequel to this movie or not. But I care, and hope that James Cameron won't sell this franchise like he did with Aliens. That would lead to disaster. How you would feel if someone like "Paul W.S. Anderson" came along and took a big dump on it? Just the thought of it makes me shiver.Oh well, I could go on for ever, or even write a book of the feelings I got for this movie. Plain and short this is how me and my friend felt/thought when we walked out of the theater with a tingling sensation...."we're not worthy", "wow", "James Cameron is GOD", "Why am I feeling this way", "how is this possible", "how can I possibly feel love for a CG character".

I've been using IMDb forever and watching at least 5 movies a month. Never before have I felt the urge to comment on a movie. But this is different. I'd like to reach out to whom thinks that Avatar is just another big budget sci-fi blockbuster. Yes it is that also. But Avatar is so much more than a sci-fi movie; it's a total new experience. 3D adds a great deal to the movie but it's such a complete movie that it wouldn't be effected that much even it weren't shot in 3D. It has emotion, originality in the making and the world it presents, action, story line and acting, too. Please go see it (probably more than once). You won't regret it.

Rather than being a great movie and best effects ever seen till now, I have to share that I have lived another life in this movie, maybe in a world inside Cameron's mind.This is not just a movie, its an amazing experience that you'll feel like you are in a dream and you do not want this dream to end.No one can just describe AVATAR in words, its just so strange, you when you experience some thing for the first time, and its so strange but at the same time it gives you the absolute pleasure and then you get addicted and you want more and more and more..This how it felt like watching it and James Cameron gave the audience more more more ...until the end.Movies must be at this level of production from now on! AVATAR have set a new Era for movies.

When I saw "Avatar" i simply waited long enough to get back to the every day reality to say anything about it. I just like to cool down instead of being carried away by the moment._____________________________________ Now, after thinking about what I saw, I can simply say it's a whole new experience. Instead of saying the story is rather simple and not so deep as some would want it to be, i will actually say it's really deep though presented in a very accessible way. The audience has to deal with enough information while stepping in a new world to also deal with a story developed in a very complex literary way. Plus, the fiber of the plot depends not so much on an intellectual level as the sensitive area of perception. Which is probably a higher step into comprehension.Mr. Cameron takes the viewer into a world so perfectly shaped and crafted, that it's impossible not to feel you are actually wondering through that land. Specially if you can see the 3D version of the movie.Besides taking you in a tour through the flora of a wild and exotic place, he also takes you into an emotional ride, full of different reactions. You can deny it as much as you want to, but you will smile, laugh, get angry and full of anguish or sorrow and joy as much as the director intended you to feel and exactly when he wanted you to feel that. It's conducted by a true expert. It's simply as it had to beTalking about the visuals it's merely nonsense, cause there are no words to describe it as well as you can experience it with your own eyes. It's simply groundbreaking and breathtaking. "Avatar" is setting the bar high on many levels and it's just the doorstep to what's coming next. In later years it's influence will be found in many works.In few words, my advice would be: don't let this one go. It's really the one you must see in a theater to feel surrounded by this incredibly real non-existing world. I only feel gratitude for having seen it.Anyone would.

I watched this yesterday and wow i am still amazed by it the next day. The story is so brilliant, makes you feel inside the movie itself, even more so in 3D. Buying the game at this moment as that has also got great reviews. There isn't anything better that you could spend £5 on, pretty much anyone would love this film, cant fault any of it; scenery is beautiful, makes me want to live there (apart from the vicious animals). In the same day i also watched Stardust on DVD which the first time i watched it i found to be a very good movie, however maybe it was because i had already watched it or maybe it was because it was only on DVD but after watching avatar just hours before it was like watching an old 90s film, not a scratch off of avatar. If i could marry a movie it would be this one!

This is a turning point for cinema.James Cameron has foregone the hokey throwing the Axe at the screen 3-D to forge a subtle, immersing, action adventure.It is the work of someone who is truly in control of his vision and is capable of bringing it to the screen.Put simply, amazing film, with s powerful performance at its center(hello Zoe Saldana)!Not since The Matrix has there been a film that had to be seen at the Cinema.Do yourself the favour. 10/10

I am not a big scifi fan... Now that I have stated that, this movie was the amazing. At one point my legs actually went numb from excitement. that is a rare that movie can be so on the edge of your seat thrilling that it actually makes Ur legs go numb.. I was highly upset when my children would not leave me alone to go get popcorn.. SO i did miss little of the movie but not enough to where I didn't know what was going on... So if u are looking for an action packed, heart warming, gut thrilling, leg numbing movie please i beg u go see this movie.. It is well worth the price they charge for admissions, and BTW i will deff be buying this as soon as it come out on DVD... it gets a 10 from me!!!!

After being out of the public eye since Titanic(1997), his comeback film Avatar proves to serve him right.Way forward in the future a crippled marine(Sam Worthington), becomes apart of an experiment, When he is hooked up to machine, it can put his mind and soul in the body of a 8 foot tall blue alien, and has to go undercover on there planet, to get some of there resources, but things change when he falls in love with one of the alien warriors(Zoe Saldana).This film is quite a masterpiece, it's mind blowing in any effects and storytelling ever. Sam Worthington who stole last years Terminator Salvation from a cranky Christian Bale, really does well here. So does Zoe Saldana and Sigourney Weaver. A great comeback for James Cameron.

I waited for 30 minutes in the morning to watch Avatar and it was worth the wait. Avatar was a spectacular and heart-warming journey about a battle between the humans and the natives. Watching it in 3D enhanced the visuals, and I have to admit, they were perfect. The story line was great - a bit shaky at the start - but was later explained throughout the movie. It really is emotional at the end when you see many of the natives dying to protect their land and you really want them to survive. It has a few humorous lines though it is more of a fantasy/drama/adventure movie. The audio was also great, especially with all the strange new creatures discovered. I don't want to spoil the movie, but this is the best movie I have ever seen in a long time and a long time to come. James Cameron, yet again, has made another fantastic and spell binding movie from his previous success, "Titanic" which was another movie that made a mark in my heart. Audio, Visuals, Storyline, Actors perfect - this is the must see movie of the century.

The best movie in a long time and it must be seen by everyone to experience the wonder that is this movie.I recommend you all see this movie in 3D since the effects and the decors and the characters are so extraordinary that you remain amazed by the beauty of it all. The story is great and the effects are great. It is a movie that the hole family can watch and the money for the ticket are well forth it because we want them to keep on making these kind of movies and go all in, without being afraid of not earning enough to make it worth it. I think James Cameron is a genius and he should make these kind of movies more often.The characters and the athleticism that they show, the fighting scenes and all the plants and animals that make that world are just wonderful to watch.I loved the movie and recommend it to all as something everyone must see.

Yup, ever had a Visual Brain Orgasm ?? Go See it , BEST experience you'll ever have so far !Full Rating , full Stars , why ? Because its a Rare ,Unique ,Massive ,Insanely Creative Piece of ART .. you want exact description & feedback ? Go see it yourself & let your own brain give you the feedback... if you can !the 3D screening is outstanding , if there's anything missing , it'll be the SMELL & TOUCH ! but trust me, you can almost feel it all .Excellent Script as well ! how amazing is that ! bottom line is ,you'll see a film with MASS stunning visual effects & a great story line .. just prepare yourself for a 2.4 hours or so .. relax , shut off your sensors with the real & outside world & enjoy .. don't even blink & miss bits of a scene.& one advise , forget about the critics if there are any !! what do want more than this in a movie !! Mr.Cameron thank you for such a revolutionary experience ! Big Salute

---May contain spoilers--- OK, so here we have Avatar, the most monstrously-hyped, obscenely expensive and ultimately biggest let down of a film in history.I'm not gonna lie, I was completely blown away by the fantastic visuals and thought. The CGI and special effects are breathtaking...I accept. However, this film just fails to deliver on so many levels. I would like to think of myself as one of the few individuals that saw this movie who was not blind to the glaring limitations thanks to being absorbed into the aesthetically pleasing elements of this film. NO THANKS!I am well aware that there are numerous reviews on the site that equal disaffection to the movie as I do but I had to chip in with my two pence because the fact that this film as become the highest grossing film of all time worldwide is not at all surprising but is utterly disgusting. The staggering global revenue of this film doesn't mean anything. What do you expect when you have a film twelve years after James Cameron's last cash cow of a film, Titanic, that swept the Oscars and generated obscene amounts of money? I suppose we can thank James Cameron for taking almost $300 million and producing a cinematic experience that is so vastly inferior to The Lord of The Rings and Star Wars in terms of imaginative scope. Thumbs up Cameron! I have to admit that the film had stacks of potential after the first half an hour. Sam Worthington, who played Jake Sully, an ex-marine who is sent to the world of Avatar as a one of the locals, falls in love, has to gain the approval of her father. I don't think we have ever seen these concepts in a film before. Oh wait...yes we have. The film, however, transcends shamelessly into a catastrophic blend of CGI-fuelled emotional emptiness and mediocre acting, excluding Stephen Lang, I liked him. The films ending is laughable! Truly pathetic. I cant remember ever being so bored watching a series of mindless explosions and gunfire in an imaginary world. Well done Cameron.So there you go, Avatar, an unbelievable visual extravaganza that fails miserably in every other aspect that film can. I will be extremely disappointed if Cameron pips his ex-spouse Kathryn Bigelow for the Best Director and Best Picture awards at the Oscars, not that the Oscars get many things right.Oh yeah! Almost forgot, the Avatar's live in a huge tree! Brilliantly inventive and exciting...oh wait on second thoughts, not so much. Calling Avatar a masterpiece and a breakthrough in cinema is bordering on unforgivable. 2/10 A point for the visuals and a point for the film actually being made.

As a visual spectacle Avatar is unmatched but as a film everyone in the world has seen this couple of times before.The movie is simply a sub par film pushed into billion dollar territory (and inevitable "classic" calls) by 3-d glasses and a $250 million dollar budget. But it's still worth your $10. Pandora - the homeworld of the Na'vi - is an incredible feat of technical wizardy. Seeing the film in 3-D, the foliage and the creatures of this world look almost as if there from some fantastic dream about flying. Scenes such as when Sully (Andrew Worthington) and Neyriti (Zoe Saldana) race flying creatures down the sheer face of a cliff feel as if they're happening more on the inside of your head than on a screen. They are real and alive. Still as the Phantom Menace showed, technical wizardy does not mean a memorable story. Sully is a brat at the beginning and then far too earnest at the end. The Na'vi are far too forgiving, the battles too predictable. Colonel Stephen Lang (Sorry, Colonel Miles Quatrich) is a 3-D villain with 2-D motivation and the only interesting character is Sigourney Weaver's Gracie who plays both a mother to Sully (There are some genuinely touching scenes between her and Worthington) and friend to Na'vi. In fact, it seems that Gracie is the only character throughout the film whose desire remains altruistic. Sully -our intrepidly predictable hero- manages to obtain leadership of the Na'vi through conquering a dragon or something, but his redemption feels tacked on. Neyriti manages to stay interesting as Sully's love interest - I almost wish she'd just start talking about Na'vi hunting techniques instead of exchanging in some awfully written banter with Sully. If you watched 'Titanic' or (as South Park pointed out) 'Dances with the Wolves' and Jeremy Iron's 'The Mission' than you know Avatar. It's about understanding native ways of life, of understanding our roots as members of a 'network of energy' (Avatar comes oh-so-close to calling this the Force) and trying really, really, hard not to destroy it all with futuristic gunships and robots. I'll be honest we -as a movie going public- need this message now and again but this has been done much, much better. Notably by the aforementioned 'The Mission.' But where these films simply showed and not preached, Avatar preaches and it preaches hard. The only problem is that we're all in the choir, James.

When I first heard about Avatar, earlier this year and I saw the trailers, I didn't had high expectations. I thought it was a movie filled with special effects, but with no original or interesting story, a movie where I could not care about the characters, like "King Kong" for example; I was mistaken. Visually, the movie is unlike anything I've ever seen in a cinema. And it's not only that, the movie has a soul.The story focuses on Jake Sully, a paraplegic U.S. marine, who in he future, travels trough space to the planet Pandora, a planet inhabited by the Na'vi, an indigenous alien race( although they have blue skin, they are very similar to humans). There he becomes involved with the Avatar project, and he submits himself to a process in which his consciousness is transferred to a Na'vi body. The military on Pandora are interested in a very rare and precious material, a sort of mineral, called Unobtanium. There are large quantities of this material in the place where the Na'vis live. Jake, in Avatar form, infiltrates the Na'vi, in order to gather Intel for the military, and if possible, convince the Na'vis to relocate. While living with them, Jake learns about their culture, their way of life and he starts to see the world trough their eyes. He practically becomes one of them, and he also falls in love with a Na'vi woman,Neytiri. The military are about to launch an attack against the Na'vi, and Jake is going trough an identity crisis, he has to find out who he is, and he has to choose a side in the imminent battle.James Cameron outdid himself with this movie,the motion capture technology used to create the Na'vi is just as good as the one used to create Gollum, in "The Lord of the Rings". It's hard to believe that there were no shootings done in a real forest, it all looks incredibly real. The movie is visually extraordinary, and as I said before, it has a soul. While watching the movie, you come to care about the characters, the Na'vis specially. This movie got to me in a way that only " The Lord of the Rings- The Return of the King"( my favorite movie of all time) had got before. In the scene where the military launch their first attack against the Na'vi, destroying a part of their forest and killing some of them, I had to make an effort not to cry, my eyes were full of tears, and that is something that rarely happens to me, REALLY, rarely. The movie has a strong message of love and peace, it is an anti-war and anti-military movie, and also has a strong spiritual side. The way the Na'vis respect the nature, the animals and above all, life itself, is a lesson to all human beings. James Cameron had done great movies in the past, but never something as bold as this. To my eyes now, he is just as brilliant as a filmmaker as Peter Jackson is, and that's saying a lot. This movie is certainly going to be remembered as a milestone in movie making.

James Cameron returns and shows these wannabe rookie directors of recent times how it's done. Finally a good "old school" film that is worth remembering. This has been one of the weakest years in film-making that I can think of. When extremely low quality films like Transformers 2, New Moon, and Wolverine are some of the biggest hits of the year, you know something is wrong. Leave it up to Cameron to save the day with this fresh and unique cinematic experience. Avatar is everything that it has been hyped to be and is nearly flawless in it's execution. Cameron, unlike Michael Bay and every other crappy director of today, actually shows just as much care in crafting a compelling and involving story as he does in delivering mind blowing visual effects and action. Cameron knows that with out a good story and characters that action is just a bunch of noise. He really knows how to invest his audience so that when the action kicks in you are on the edge of your seat in suspense. The film runs long but everything pays off in full. There is only one plot point I can think of that doesn't have a pay off but it's barely even worth mentioning. The allegory of indigenous tribal people being forced off their land by a more sophisticated race isn't a new concept but it's executed very fresh in this story. It really makes you feel guilty to be a human being as we are the true villains in this film. You cheer for the Na'vi to kick our asses in the end. Cameron definitely does a great job of sending a message. The visual effects are ground breaking and are undoubtedly going to clean out the Oscars. I heard one audience member say that Avatar was "the most beautiful film I've seen in years". I definitely have to agree with that statement. The creatures and the environment they live in looks so good that it could fool someone into thinking it is a place they could visit. The action always serves the story and is never there just for the sake of having explosions. Michael Bay needs to take some notes. The action is used carefully but when it's on screen it's jaw dropping. You'll find yourself cheering, laughing, and crying all with in a single action sequence. There is also a surprisingly very genuine romance at the heart of this film which makes it a great date flick. The movie breaks boundaries of genera and is made for all audiences. The cast is also worth a respectable mention. This Sam Worthington guy came fast out of no where but he is definitely here to stay. It's very rare that a guy can make a sudden jump on to the scene and bring with him this much on screen charisma. He stole the show in Terminator Salvation and now totally carries the film on his shoulders here. He is a total natural and really delivers above and beyond. Zoe Saldana, his romantic interest, also made a sudden leap onto the scene and nearly steals the show. Her performance is the heart and soul of this film. It's also great to see Sigourney Weaver back in a big film. Now if only Cameron could give Michael Biehn a big break like that too. There isn't a single weakness in this cast.Avatar really is the big event that Cameron has promised it to be. If I had to pick any flaw with it I'd say some of the dialogue could use revising and I'd really like the physics of how mountains in this world float explained. All in all though, it's very hard to think of anything to complain about this movie. Cameron has proved that he has still got what it takes and that time has only added more wisdom to his film-making style. This film is deserving of great financial success, critical praise, and Academy Award nominations. If you're only going to see one film this year then this would be a good choice. It is a movie that must be seen on the big screen. I don't care how big and impressive your HD TV is because it can't possible do this film justice. Hopefully this will remind audience and filmmakers what movies have been missing these days. Story is the most important aspect of any film. Filmmakers must remember this or films are doomed to mediocrity. Avatar is a must see!

Have IQ's dropped sharply while I was gone? The overwhelming special effects of Avatar simply cannot hide the vacuousness of its story. As just about anyone who can read has noticed, the plot is a rehash of the "civilised man goes native" fable popularized from "Last of the Mohicans" to the present day (I'm sure even the ancient Egyptians have a version preserved in hieroglyphs somewhere on a dusty temple wall). The CGI is realistic enough that you can become engaged with the digital characters... except, then your attention is focused on the story. Which is almost as lame as a 6th graders summer vacation essay.I did not see the movie in 3D as I assumed it would be pointlessly distracting. I have seen polarized 3D movies before. Starting with one of the first, "The Bubble" in the late 60's. The peak of this in-your-face technology was reached years ago in the 70's with the release of "The Stewardesses". Nothing in this movie can compete with real 3D boobs.

Confused already? No? Well apparently millions of people weren't either,when they declared this to be one of the best movies they've seen in their lives,and then presumably bought a second and third and fourth cinema ticket to see this.I am not one of those people.I was confused.And amused.And pardon me for saying this,but I had to wake up the latent retard in me to be able to enjoy riding flying dragons,some unidentified horse-like hippo,a Jurassic something and a whole world apparently perfect. Well,that bothers me.Nothing is perfect.Even when you're high,you know that you're going to have a hang-over.Those Navi's were so perfect that it made me suspicious.The movie doesn't show this,but i bet they were into something really nasty,like attacking other tribes and raping all the women.And I bet they had their way with those flying dragons.Yes,I'm talking zoophilia with a dragon.Nevermind connecting neuron pony tales,how about connecting some penis and dragon pussy.Disgusted already? Now you know how I felt when watching Avatar.Oh yes,the CGI was ground-breaking.Let's hope next time Cameron just employs hundreds of Indian and Chinese computer programmers to give us Avatar 2, no actors,no common sense,no plot,just a diluted message and just computer generated Navis being perfect in their perfect world.

I sat for 3 hours this afternoon slack jawed, mesmerized and awed to have the privilege to experience this Masterwork. At times I completely forgot about the special effects and felt that I was actually visiting another, incredibly breathtaking world. But no more beautiful than the Earth: the Garden of Eden she used to be. James Cameron has brought the art of visual storytelling and it's audience to a whole new dimension.To those who feel the story has been "done before," and/or the plot is too simple: You must understand that this is a morality play. Right is right and wrong is wrong. Many movies have used similar archetypal themes. They're universal. Just read "The Power of Myth," by Joseph Campbell. Each story tells the Hero myth in a different way, but with the same theme. And of course the analogy to Native Americans is inescapable, but the technique in which it is conveyed is unique unto itself. The actors: from the Zoe Saldana's blue skinned, nine foot Goddess Neytiri, to Sam Worthington's heartbreakingly paraplegic Marine. The ever radiant Sigourney Weaver and every character in between are absolutely excellent and have totally immersed themselves in their roles. But the star of the show is the moon of Pandora itself. It's most incredibly beautiful place that it almost defies description. The sweeping score along with the amazing imagery just underscores the epic grandeur of this film. But in the end this is a message movie. The message, the warning and symbolism are clear: The Na'vi are our ancestors before we became "civilized." At the core of this film is a childlike heart of innocence and wide-eyed optimism that maybe it isn't too late for us if we can manage to wrest the stewardship of our own planet from the Corporate/Military Industrial Complex. Nothing is more precious than our home. I feel humbled, uplifted, and yet ashamed of my apathy. This movie is more than a movie on so many levels: It is an experience, a true event. I can't wait to see it in an IMAX theatre, that is when it isn't sold out. I have never been so touched by any film as I have been touched by this one. I'm so grateful to have been introduced to this new 3D film technology with this exquisite, incredibly crafted and beautiful Masterpiece from the film God: James Cameron. I've already seen it again in 3D and it was even better the next time. I'm sure I'm going to be going again and again. To say that I am pleasantly astounded is an understatement! The last time I got this excited for the future of film making was "Star Wars" and the LOTR's trilogy. But be warned: It's hard to watch another movie after this one. Nothing else compares. It is in a league by itself. I wish there were more than 10 stars for this vote. It's off the charts, like a rare diamond, it is priceless. Tonight I looked at the Earth around me with a newfound wonder and reverence. This is truly a landmark film and an astounding achievement!!!!

I really did not like the way way this movie was advertised " A film that will change the face of cinema etc etc etc " . I'm one of those strange creatures who is actually turned off by hyperbolic markerteering . On top of that I'm not someone who's going to sit in a cinema wearing 3D glasses . It's bad enough being a speccy in real life . Who wants to add expensive insult to injury by sitting in a cinema looking like a muppet with shades ? In summary I had no intention of watching AVATAR in a cinema if at all In April I found myself on a very long plane trip from Heathrow to India and decided that because I'd seen most of what was on offer I decided to watch AVATAR . Being on a plane where the format is cropped and missing the 3D visuals means that you're able to concentrate on the story . The truth is that the plot is absolutely threadbare and is padded out with long sequences that might seduce an audience in to watching the visuals but plot wise there's nothing happening at allFault number one - there's very little happening to the plot for large chunks of the movie . Fault number two is that character wise everything is black and white . Good guys ( Read humans ) are blacker than the darkest night while good guys ( Read blue skinned aliens ) are so white they're brighter than the sun itself. It's almost like watching a simplistic revisionary Western where the Indians are the goodies and the calvary are the baddies . I say " almost " because Hollywood has never come up with a Western like that and never will . There is no complexity involved what so ever . The bad guys are bad guys and the good guys are good guys and there's no motives involved . Some people may complain that LORD OF THE RINGS also suffered from this characterization but at least the LOTR wasn't a 3D gimmick and had saving graces . Take away the 3D and you'll find AVATAR has no other function as a marketing tool . Also nice to know it was stuffed at the Oscars by the cheap and compelling tiny budget THE HURT LOCKER

Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is a paraplegic Marine who travels to the world of Pandora to do what he thinks is protecting the Earth. The natives of that world are said to be vicious and cruel. By transforming into one of them in his sleep (or something) he realizes they are NOT the evil ones and he begins to have serious doubts about his mission. This leads to an all out battle at the end.Basically this is cowboys vs. Indians in outer space. This is VERY easy to follow and understand which is the main problem. Everything here is totally and utterly predictable! You've seen these characters and situations all before. I was always one or two steps ahead on the plot and this isn't good for a movie that runs a needless 165 minutes. This could have easily been wrapped up in 90 minutes. Some people find getting into the world of the aliens is fascinating. I wasn't fascinated at all--just thoroughly and utterly bored! To make matters worse the dialogue is on the level of an Archie comic book and the characters are either evil or good--no shades of grey or ambiguity. The movie also preaches it's against war but "entertains" us with an all out battle at the end. Lots of people agree that the plot is light but the incredible special effects make up for it. Not for me! Yeah the special effects are impressive (especially in 3-D) but that isn't enough for such a long movie with a dull storyline. I can't really comment on the acting here considering no one is given a character to play--they're all walking, talking clichés. Only two people stand out--Sam Worthington and Sigourney Weaver. Worthington is very handsome with beautiful eyes and a cute little Australian accent. Weaver is strong and commanding playing a scientist.I will admit the battle at the end was (kind of) fun but I was mostly bored silly throughout this. I kept looking at my watch patiently waiting for this to end. I have to admit I'm in the minority here. It's gotten rave reviews from critics and has already broken box office records. I attended a 4:30 show on a Saturday afternoon--and it was sold out! It's also among the top 50 movies here on IMDb. I guess a lot of people like predictable stories with non-stop special effects and cardboard characters. I need something more than that. The 2 is only for the effects and hot Worthington.

Really how did it?The story is paper thin and pathetic. "Unobtainium". Really? That's the best you could come up with James Cameron? Why didn't you call your explosives "kaboomium."All I have heard anyone say about this film is how great the cinematography for this movie was. Fine. I'm not arguing the cinematography, but the rest of the movie is total piece of crap. It's 2 hours and 15 minutes of a live action version of Fern Gully followed by a 25 minute battle scene that by the time you actually get to that you don't even care because you're so viciously bored that your eyes are bleeding.I can think of dozens of movies that had great cinematography that didn't come close to grossing what this piece of crap did. Then the DVD comes out and all people say is that what really made Avatar great was the 3D. Well, the DVD isn't in 3D so why are you buying it?The raters on this website have Avatar rated as a better movie than; The Wizard of Oz, Ben Hur, Toy Story 1 & 2, The Graduate, Duck Soup, Scarface, Rocky (which I'm not a big fan, but it's still a much better movie than this piece of crap), Spartacus, and on and on and on. That's insanity. Yeah 8 more minutes of this movie? Are you trying to make it worse? Is that even possible? I went into seeing this movie with absolutely no expectations and it didn't even exceed that. Everyone I know loves it and no one can give me a single reason why other than it looked good. There is absolutely no story to this movie whatsoever! How are people giving it a 10 based solely on cinematography? It shouldn't be given higher than a 3 based on solely cinematography. Then you factor it lacks everything else from story to decent acting and you can give it a 1.How embarrassing that this piece of garbage is rated this high on this website. Notice how it didn't win any Oscar outside of the visual category. It didn't even win best movie from the academy of sci-fi, fantasy, and horror film for crying out loud. 8.3? This should have a rating of 1.3.

The King of the World has returned! Mr. James Cameron's youngest "Avatar" is a mind-blowing adventure and the most impressive and intricate work of art, I've ever seen.When his twin brother is killed, disabled ex-Marine Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is recruited to aid a mining expedition on the distant jungle moon of Pandora as only his DNA will bond with the alien hybrid body, known as an Avatar, that allows humans to breathe the toxic air. With orders to infiltrate the Na'vi, Jake finds himself falling in love with native girl, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana)."Avatar'" was created twelve years ago by Cameron, but was ahead of its time. Cameron had to shelve the project and wait for technology to catch up to the script he had written. In 2005 Cameron thought he was close enough to push the technology to tell the story he always wanted to tell and went back to work. It cost Jim blood, sweat and tears and of course a lot of money, but the result is just fascinating, mesmerizing. Money well spent.I am really happy that the movie turned out great. Not just for Jim's sake or because it had been a while since I'd seen a really good movie, but because of all the "Avatar" haters out there. All of those people who were trashing the movie before even watching it. They didn't give the movie a chance and let everyone believe that the movie was going to be really bad.Well, they were all wrong and I hope they are honest enough to admit that. OK, maybe the love story wasn't really original, but it worked. However, if the story doesn't work for you, everything else will make up for it. When you watch the movie in 3D it becomes a transcendent and amazing experience that's the closest you will ever come to setting foot on a strange new world. The length of the movie is 2 hours and 41 minutes, but it looked a lot shorter. I wanted more. I just didn't want it to stop. It was that good.I advise them and everyone to give the movie a chance and watch it the way it was mend to be watched, in 3D. You won't regret it! Oh yeah, I almost forgot. When you're watching the movie, it's completely normal to be attracted to Neytiri  Right? Heck even Jim says he's attracted to the Na'vi creatures!

Now, my judgement, my opinion of this film may be clouded as I am a big James Cameron fan. I go by Directors when it comes to many films, and it just so happens Cameron is right up there in my top 5.I've been waiting for a while to see Avatar. Friends have seen it, friends of friends have seen it, and last night, it was my turn.Stunning. I couldn't believe it. Visually, the film is a master piece. Cameron deserves the recognition I hope he will get after this film. The 3D element is, without a doubt, the best so far. You get a real sense of depth when you see this film in 3D. It actually makes Pandora (the planet where the film is set)a character of the film in itself.I was hesitant about this film when I heard you could see it in complete 3D. After seeing Superman Returns, and a few other films in 3D, I was unimpressed with 3D. The moment Avatar started, I dribbled. My eyes were being fed a visual feast that, I believe, would never be topped. The depth and feel you get from it are amazing. There were a few scenes in the forest of Pandora, at night, and the different plant life there comes alive with colour, neon blues, red, greens, you honestly do feel like you can reach out, and touch it.The story itself was good too. Though, in some ways a bit predictable, but you get sucked in and forget that and spend the next 2hrs 40 mins thinking you're there.It's the 3D element, and the visual effects that make this film. Yes, Sam Worthington and Sig Weaver add great performances, but it is the effects that made it for me. MAKE SURE YOU GO AND SEE THIS IN 3D. It'll be the best 2 hrs 40 mins you've ever spent in a cinema.....EVER.

To be honest I had no real ambition to see this film - to me the promos made it look like a teenage, computer game type film. A friend asked me to go along and see it in 3D and because it was an excuse to get out of the 35 degree heat and intense humidity I went. I am so glad I did. It truly blew me away, not just the visuals which were AMAZING - sometimes hard to tell what was CG and what was real but the story and underlying themes which was so intense and reflected in a futuristic way what has happened over the centuries and to this day here on earth. James Cameron you are a genius, firstly by casting mainly unknowns in the lead roles meant you weren't focused on the likes of a Hugh Grant or Julia Roberts, you actually felt these people were real and not actors. But act they certainly can and Sam Worthington the future must look great for you (hey I am Aussie & I am biased!). Secondly by having an underlying message in the film which will leave you cheering one minute and crying the next he achieves truly breathtaking visuals with a believable story and a strong message bordering on criticism of the human race and it's unbelievable greed and stupidity. To sum up - very hard to fault, great acting, amazing visuals and a MUST SEE movie that will surprise you on so many levels and maybe leave you speechless - ENJOY!

This is the best movie I have ever seen.. ever. The Dark Knight can say goodbye. My favorite movie is Avatar, and just in time. 2009 is almost over. Nothing like Avatar to end the year. I was just about to feel very awful at the end under I saw the main character, who's name I still haven't really gotten (I think it's Jack) survive. He's still alive.An alien world, similar to Earth's prehistoric times. The times of dinosaurs. Giant birds that you have never seen alive, and indegenous people that live their (unlike Earth had as far as we know.) We came there for a rock. Yep, a rock that sells for millions of dollars. If the indegenous don't leave, sucks for them, it's our land. We've created clones of the indegenous peoples that we put our Humans in, and Jack was one of them. He later realizes that we are very wrong, and will go against his race.Nothing like the giant big army guy boss dying at the end to make this movie feel excellent. I really loved it. There's nothing more I can say, and I doubt that this review will be on the front, but this will really be your best movie, too.

I just got home from my second journey to the planet Pandora and I am still pretty speechless. James Cameron created a wonderful world here that I just can't get enough of.I love movies and have seen a lot good ones in my life but none of them ever got me as much as this one. I can still feel the goose bumps because I pretty much had them over the length of the whole movie, which is also something I have never experienced before.Cameron has done a flawless job in creating the perfect entertainment package with stunning 3D pictures, mind-blowing sound, and heart-touching music. I have to say that I usually talk a lot, even that much that my friends and family are trying to find something I could not find a smart answer to. They have not succeeded until today. While walking out of the theater my girlfriend just asked me how I liked the movie, but all I could answer was "uhm...well.....wow."In creating Avatar, James Cameron used state of the art 3D technology to bring these terrific pictures on the screen. If you are thinking of watching the movie in 2D or even only 35mm, you should reconsider. This world just is designed to be seen in 3D.Now the question is whether to watch it in IMAX or RealD 3D. Well I have seen both and think that while the IMAX experience has the superior sound and a bigger screen, the RealD 3D technology creates the better 3D effect. The screen is no longer just a flat surface, with the comfortable RealD 3D glasses on your nose it is a window and it seems like you could just reach through and touch what you see.When you are still arguing with yourself whether to go watch it or not, just do it. I have seen it twice now and I will definitely go and watch it at least one more time, but most likely more than that. It's that good.I think James Cameron has created a glorious and epic adventure here and I can't wait to see more of Jake, Neytiri and the rest of the Na'vi.

To be honest, I didn't expect too much from Avatar at the first glance when I saw the poster with dark-green aliens. I simply couldn't trust the media after all of their PR cheap technique. Still I decided to come to see Avatar for all the positive reviews it received regarding the 3D technology. And I was speechless.Not only was the movie good in terms of 3D visualization, but it also has certain layers of meaning that I found intriguing and worth watching.The theme is not new. It is a story about the relationship between human and environment. But what is new is how the story is portrayed in the movie.The Na'vi's world is our dream world. A world filled with beauty and interconnection all around, the thing that mankind have long lost in exchange for our technological development. "Avatar" is a metaphor for what we have all dreamed of somehow: a better world, in tune with environment and nature. And James Cameron didn't preach us; he just brought us to that world to witness its beauty and to reflect back on our world, on how we are treating mother nature.Cameron posed a question to the audience: are we really who we are? It's hard to answer; sometimes we just want to dwell in a world where we can live as our original self, wild but free. Technological developments does not guarantee happiness; and in fact, that is the lesson probably we all learned, in a hard way. Probably, we all hope that somehow our world can preserve some of it beauties like the Na'vi in Pandora.Despite an unoriginal motif, I still could not resist but give this movie a rating of 10. What else could you say of it? It brings you to a new world, that's enough after all!

James Cameron has never failed me. Ever. So what if he takes 10 years to make a film? So what if the limited screen shots of Avatar showed weird blue aliens? I believed. I believed it would amaze. I stood in line at midnight and was rewarded with an unbelievable 3D experience that may never be rivaled. I am so thrilled when a movie arrives that actually warrants the hype behind it.Avatar and the world of Pandora is a wonder. Every blade of grass, every animal fits seamlessly alongside the real-world actors. Never before has CGI looked SO REAL! The 3D aspect makes the film come alive. When the characters walk across a tree limb hundreds of feet in the air, you can look down and feel it! You soar through the air and ride the wind. You are most certainly along for the ride.Science fiction is about story-telling. It allows you the freedom to tell a story without limitations. I do not believe in spoilers so I will be careful of what I say, but many people complained that the story was nothing special. To these people I say, James Cameron told a story about the interference of cultures. How imposing oneself and one's beliefs into a world can have consequences. He told a story that would have been at home in any science fiction story from Ray Bradbury to Philip K. Dick. Cameron told this "basic" story (and love story) with such stunning clarity, power, and sheer film-making thrill that I cannot believe any would fault him for being un-original. Especially in a film this ground-breaking.This film was the opening salvo in a movie making revolution. 3D powered blockbusters may be the wave of the future. In the here and now, James Cameron is once again king of the world and leading the way.From Aliens, The Abyss, and the Terminator series (HIS TWO FILMS!!!) this man is THE MAN you want directing a science fiction epic. He has topped them all with Avatar. Stunning, masterful, every other superlative. I only hope the next wait is slightly less than 12 years...Either way, it will be worth it.

First of all id like to apologize for my bad English. I just have a different opinion of this movie, and i thought maybe some one else shares it with me. To begin with the part the all people loved (so did i), the effects. What can i say? they were great. Its obvious why the film ate 400 mil. Imax delivers almost real life experience, and the feeling is absolutely amazing. Doesn't matter how rich is your imagination, you never saw this coming. Cameron will just surprise you with landscapes, color, action, effects, all of it. Every detail is carefully taken care of, and the result is 100% life-like everything. The music was also great. It blends perfectly with the action and story. I remember the same feeling from lotr. I said to myself "i got to download this when i get home". The story on the other hand was used before, nothing new. But the way it was implemented is somehow different. From the beginning to the end i felt trapped in the characters skin. I forgot all about the popcorn and soda, and i experienced almost everything that jake experienced. I discovered a whole new world, and this might sound childish, but just like jake, i fell in love with it. I think this ruined it for me. The na'vi don't have spaceships, television, mobile phones, they don't have money, and they don't have guns. I realized that us humans have A LOT to learn from those simple creatures with only bows and arrows. They are much better than us in so many ways. Overall the film is perfect, but at the end i was sad because i woke up from the beautiful dream that it was for me.I saw this on Christmas eve, and even though i didn't get any presents from Santa for quite a while now, that night i wished that we could all change, and of course that i wake up as jake sully :).

This is the most astonishing movie I have ever seen. First word I heard leaving the theater was 'amazing!' No doubt about it.I won't discuss the plot,but the plot is good, nothing can match the special effects of the 3-D.Here's the least you need to know:It is 'new age' all the way. It's all about 'we are all one with nature'.It's a long movie, about 3 hours to be precise. Be sure you have your snack in hand and your 'business' taken care of, just in case you don't have a 15 min break like I did. Sexuality was not much of an issue, the only thing remotely sexual was the 'hair-bonding' ritual.The ending was predictable from the start, but again an extremely enjoyable movie.Finally, the special effects were amazing. This you got to see in 3-D!!! You'll feel as if you are IN the movie after a few minutes. You'll be reaching for the floating jellyfish(tree seeds), dodging the flying dragon-birds...etc. I was so impressed that I felt as if it was all happening in front of my own eyes. I do not recommend watching this movie in 2-D. I believe that this movie was made to be viewed in 3-D. The movie is not only a movie but it will open your mind and make you reflect on your life. As I wrote earlier it's kinda "new age vs modern world view". I truly hope that you enjoy the movie. I know that I did. 3-D is a must !!! just a few extra bucks, believe me you won't regret it. the only thing that makes me sad :( is that I have to wait until late 2010 to buy the 3-D bluray. enjoy :)

Just having watched the movie and its hard to come by the words to describe it. James Cameron has just set a new standard for a blockbuster. A standard which is highly unlikely to be competed with in the near future.From the moment it began to the very end was just mind blowing. Although it might take a while to get used to the 3D, the effects and the graphics were outstanding! It will be quite hard to step back down to movies we are used to seeing nowadays. It'll also be interesting to see if Cameron makes a sequel to this masterpiece. Was apparently initially intended to be a three part series...

10 out of 10 for Visual Effects but 3 out of 10 for everything else.8.9? Seriously? Is this movie really THAT good? I saw Avatar yesterday in Cannes and I was lucky to have free tickets or I would have felt robbed after wards.Don't get me wrong. The visual effects are really well done, impressive and beautiful. Even amazing at some points. It was in fact the first movie where I felt like the 3D actually added something of value.But what happened to the rest of the stuff that makes up a good movie? Things like innovative script, believable drama, interesting non- stereotypic characters, the surprise of the unexpected happening and just a wee bit of logic (at least just a little, sometimes). This piece of junk didn't even have humor, which is usually a good last resort if all other of the above fails.Apart from the visual effects, Avatar was the biggest load of stinking cheese i have consumed since I-don't-know-when (and I live in the land of stinking cheese). It seems to blindly follow all and every classic Hollywood guide line for making movies, no exceptions. It made me wonder if the script was generated by algorithm. After the first 30 minutes, when the slightly interesting setting is understood, it becomes so painfully predictive and cheesy that I strongly believe that I would have enjoyed it more without any voice audio at all. And, yes, I was watching it with original voices (not French).If the combat scenes were to be removed it would make a wonderful little children's movie, for 6 to 13 year olds. They should seriously consider doing that.If you like ultra cheesy movies OR like CGI tech (like me) and believe you can survive a flood of cheese (unlike me) for the sake of CGI, go see it now! It will be totally pointless to watch on Bluray at home.Otherwise, you can definitively spend your money more wisely this Christmas.

James Cameron's highly anticipated epic, Avatar, raises the question: Are special effects enough to launch a new era in filmmaking? In terms of storyline, the plot offers nothing new: once again, greedy Americans are exploiting new lands for valuable resources, and disturbing the natives. The protagonist, Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), works for a big corporation but soon finds himself befriending the natives, falling in love, and growing distant from his people because he identifies with the natives' way of life more than his own.Sound familiar? That's because this story has been recycled time and time again. We see it in our history in the settlers' treatment of Native Americans, and it is the plot of the 1990 film Dances with Wolves. Cameron has acknowledged Avatar's similarities to Dances with Wolves, which won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Taking into account that Cameron's own Titanic won 11 Academy Awards, you can see where this is heading.In Cameron's rendition, the natives are a species of alien called the Na'vi. Essentially, the aliens are a gimmick; aside from their sparkly blue skin, extreme height, and tails they are completely uninspired reincarnations of Native Americans. The Na'vi even dress like ­Native Americans, use bows and arrows, live in close-knit family tribes, are spiritually connected to nature, and are threatened by the imperialistic, capitalistic white men because they stand in the way of precious resources. With this story set in the future in outer space, Cameron had the opportunity to formulate truly new and creative creatures but instead opted for imitation and unoriginality.Avatar deviates from its predecessors, though, in its simplicity, character development (or lack thereof), and tone. The distinction between good and bad is riddled with clichés and one-dimensional characters that make for a predictable outcome. While the film could have emphasized Jake's moral dilemma, he actually has no trouble deciding his loyalties, showing how Avatar sacrifices reality and the truth about human nature for the formulaic ingredients of a feel-good audience pleaser. At the same time, Cameron spoonfeeds the audience environmental awareness and lessons on the dangers of war, making Avatar preachy and, at times, tedious.Of course, the film is not without its merits. Cameron himself modestly told The New Yorker that his special effects work is "the most complicated stuff anyone's ever done." And he has succeeded in creating a new world of sparkling colors, fantastic creatures, and breathtaking landscapes.Does a film this unoriginal deserve the accolades it is receiving from audiences and critics alike? Is it really a breakthrough in filmmaking? Filmmaking is an art with many aspects, special effects being just one. We will see come Oscar time what the Academy thinks, and only time will tell whether Avatar becomes a true classic.

The story is one of the most unoriginal i've ever seen. The CGI is as good as they say but who cares? The best CGI in the world can't save a movie this bad. The acting is sub-par. I didn't find a single character to be one I could be sympathetic with. There are basically two sides, the tree hugging hippie natives and the Hitler-esquire humans who just wanna kill anyone who doesn't agree with them. The action is almost all at the end and even then its not very good. As you have probably heard the story is basically the same as Pocahontas. This is 100% true. As I touched on earlier the acting is not good. I wanted to strangle pretty much every single character throughout the entire movie. It's almost like they were trying to be unlikeable.

This is only my second review on IMDb after my all-time favourite 'The Matrix'. So, it is quite obvious that I am a sucker for sci-fi.Yet, I deducted one star for the lack of originality in the character and story departments. Full marks for the creation of a fictitious parallel world. I bow down to the technical team of this marvellous piece of art. Money well spent by the producers.In the acting department, everyone did a fine job considering the transfer of the true human expressions on a graphic platform. (Again, of course, with the aid of the technical team.) The direction was fabulous, aided by some excellent editing, cinematography, sound and not to mention SFX.This could easily be a wonderful tribute to the works of the many unknown entities who make an eye-opener of our movie-going experience.Finally, I'd like to mention that I fell in love(genuinely) with Neytiri. For me, the tall, wild, blue, computer-generated damsel outshines all other cinematic goddesses. (Again, thanks to the technical brilliance behind 'Avatar'.) I'd be looking forward to an IMAX viewing as well as buying a Blu-ray player just for an 'Avatar' disc.

James Cameron's latest attempt, Avatar, is no longer an attempt. Avatar is the most visually beautiful film I have seen in the past ten years. It is a stroke of utter and complete genius. James Cameron brings to life an entirely new way to create a world. With only 40% of live-action material, Cameron created a world so renown and so stunning that for over 2 and 1/2 hours our eyes are glued to the screen. Cameron has a way of allowing you to be awed by the beautiful world that is Pandora while still paying close attention to what's right in front of you. The visuals do not take away from the movie in any way. Everything is superb from start to finish. Sam Worthington, Sigourney Weaver, Zoe Saldana, Joel Moore, and everyone else are excellent in their respective roles. I've read some of these comments on here and can't fathom why people do not like this movie. Yes, the movie drags on a bit, but if the movie were only 2 hours long, people would complain that there was no character development or some parts were left unfinished. James Cameron takes you through Jake Sully's transformation in such a way that you actually believe in your own mind that you were watching a human being turn into something completely different, all while not missing a beat.You don't have to like or dislike any of Cameron's other films in order to decide whether or not you want to see this movie. This is a masterpiece from start to finish, in every aspect of the movie. The fact that this has an 8.8 is superb but only #25 on the Top 250 is beyond me. The Dark Knight was a great movie but it does not deserve to be #9 with Bale's shotty performance (as usual).Avatar may simply be one of the most artistic movies ever made, and I mean this with no exaggeration. Undoubtedly the most beautiful film I've seen since The Green Mile. Granted I've only seen The Green Mile for the first time last week, but going back to 1999, I can't think of any better movies.Avatar ranks up their with the best, and it deserves to win every award that it is nominated for. Simply put, a stunning 10 out of 10.

and been a reader of IMDb for quite some time as I am in the film industry but this is the first time I have ever felt compelled to giving my 2 cents worth as what I have witnessed in Avatar is not only a cinematic landmark but a technological benchmark as well. Previous sci-fi films made us dream of what it is like to see other worlds but this is the 1st film that succeeds literally in taking us there and is unlike no other. Star Wars was groundbreaking yes and I will always be grateful for the world it created and the unforgettable characters but surprisingly, it is more fantasy/ soap- opera than sci-fi...Avatar is actually well-grounded scientifically (go to aintitcool.com if you don't believe me as they actually got an astrophysicist to critique its scientific merits) and is as close as one can get (without buying a 1 million USD ticket to outerspace) to leaving our world and visiting another. All the haters out there simply have not seen this yet and those who were bothered by story and dialogue, I think that the brilliance IS in its simplicity- it's easily accessible by all ages and the characters speak like, guess what, you and me, the average person. I think this is the most important and relevant film of our lifetime as we are faced with serious issues that could well spell doom for our planet unless we reverse the greed over precious resources and start respecting our planet and all people of color. If there is one film I could recommend of all the films I have ever seen in the past 30 + years, this is the one. You will have not experienced anything else like it. Pandora is a character in itself. My hats off to JC for reaching for the stars and not letting naysayers keep him from realizing his dream of making this film. The CG and 3D was not used in a gimmicky way unlike all other 3D films in the past. I just saw the latest Star Trek again on DVD and it pails in comparison..I never at any point in viewing Star Trek felt I was on the deck of the Enterprise or on Vulcan with Spock. Transformers and District 9 were great popcorn entertainment but no where in scale and quality or had a potent message as Avatar. JC has figuratively invented fire or the wheel for the film industry and movie goers should rejoice that movie theaters can be relevant again if other studios follow suit and I for one am excited for this new 3D medium. Seen so much crap recently that most of it can just as easily be enjoyed at home on HD TV with a nice sound system but the Avatar experience is one that can only be fully enjoyed at the theater. Thanks JC for bringing back movie magic. Can you imagine what can now be possible with other sci-fi films, heck, all films if produced with this new technology? I can't wait.

Its a dazzling spectacular treat in terms of technical aspects and it takes to a world of imagination and I watched it in IMAX 3-D and its visually stunning..The action sequences are superbly created by a digital army of compositors and FX engineers - including a brigade of motion capture specialists - and the seamless visual effects render the tall, blue Na'vi entirely credible. Some of the natural wonders are blended with imaginary beauty in Pandora's astonishing forests, floating mountains, spectacular plants and tremendous trees - the latter playing a key role as spiritual guardians.The scale is extraordinary as is the bewitching world of 'Avatar' that James Cameron has created with jaw-dropping technology, stunning production design and exotic golden eyed, blue-skinned aliens whose passions are as tangible as the giant flying dragons on which they fly. This huge ambitious project which took many years in the planning earns 'Avatar'.Cameron's 'Avatar' comes in large scale, this contemporary action adventure mingled with sci fi genes & spiritual and ecological themes is more mighty & bigger as a visual epic then his previous 'Titanic'.The movie deserves a 10/10.You can't afford to miss it..

After seeing first trailers in cinema few months ago I was skeptical. I love James Cameron very much, his every movie is cult, and I was afraid to expect too much, although seeing the trailers I wasn't sure what to expect. Didn't want to know anything about it but in the end couldn't resist reading some opinions, both from critics and regular folks. When I first read Ebert's review I was encouraged, than after reading more and more reviews my expectations began to build up which I didn't like because of those complaints about the story.Finally last night I went to see it. Well, all fears just vanished as soon as the movie started. What can one say?! I'm still blown away I'm going to see it again tonight, but in 2D version to see the difference.Movie is so beautiful, story is so warm and sad, well, it is translation of what is happening here on Earth, fortunately we won't be able to reach other worlds before we destroy ourselves here. OK, story is not complex but why should it be? It is perfect for this movie! Some people always want some crazy twists but they aren't always necessary for movie to be great. It is very well told and you really care for the characters, it moved me to tears several times. But of course, for such cynics and nay sayers no such story is good, they just enjoy bashing, it is in their blood, so don't care too much about that.From visual stand point movie us just beyond this world, it is Pandora's world! I bow to James for such vision! To conceive this in your head and materialize it on screen is just pure art and he is Picasso of our time! Again and again he manages to create something not yet seen, he is simply the best! This movie really deserves an Oscar, at least dozen of them! I respect all the other amazing movies of the year but Avatar is just something else!

I saw rather experienced AVATAR yesterday at a preview show in my city. I want to start of by saying that every once in a while there are experiences which shake us so much from within that we tend to live in them even when the moment has passed.I am not shy to admit that I am smitten by Avatar's blue Bug.Movies like Jurassic Park, Titanic, T2, Alien are the grade of movies which stay with audience or in their conception even when they are out of the multiplexes.Avatar is one such movie which adds on to the list.The excitation of having a preview show ticket and anticipation of watching something really out of the world was gripping and I was speechless along with the rest of the Audi when Mr James Cameron unleashed his splendor of Mythical characters which were totally out of bounds of anyone's imagination.I have never seen so many colors so lively on screen at once. It was so mystical and beyond conception from our minds, yet the cinematography convinced me that a world alike exists with all the blooms and primes of nature in its full flow.(Kudos to the tech team behind it) CGI and the Detailing are wondrous(The best seen till date, compared to anything seen on screen). Every Character was given its own attention and distinct presence, which really added up to the splendor which was so grand that only IMAX could have captured it in its full flow and form. Watch Avatar for what it is(though its not the best Plot supporting the best Visuals seen till date). However, 3- D's and effects do take you to almost real world which is rather Alien to us. You just cant miss SUCH a revolution on Cinema platter.I give it 9 on 10 because I don't want to end it saying that its the perfect movie ever made. Because Avatar takes the experience of movie watching to a new epitome.And Since its now widely accepted that this is a Revolution, it only makes me hungry for more of this; may be something which strikes bolt in our spines once again.I am hungry for more. Hope you listening Mr Cameron!!

This is my first comment on IMDb. The reason I'm writing this is because I just finished reading a bunch of reviews by people giving this a single star claiming that this movie is terrible and boring. Okay, everyone has their own opinion, but seriously?? Never in my life have I gone to a theater 6 times for a single movie. It is visually outstanding. Cameron just puts you in the heart of Pandora as you are literally living there. The use of 3D just adds magic to the experience; you don't need the typical objects popping in your face to enjoy 3D. Every single detail in this epic is amazing down from the tiny flying insects to the giant flying creatures. Music is breathtaking, gives you a rush at many times. I also actually fell in love with Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) as she is without doubt "man of the match". Unfortunately Mr. Cameron has ruined it for me, I went to see Sherlock Holmes, good movie BTW, but I just didn't know how to enjoy it. OK, the acting wasn't top-notch; a lot of cheesy lines and of course an unoriginal storyline. But hey, this is sci-fi/ fantasy film. It's supposed to be action packed and visually stunning. That's the point. Go watch the movie as a very entertaining theatrical 3D experience and don't try to look for plot holes and character development. CGI: never witnessed before, STORY: old, but never before told like this, MUSIC: perfect, JAMES CAMERON: fantastic job. With out a doubt, 10/10. Definitely in my top list along with "The Last Samurai" - imagine that.

This was definitely a complete masterpiece. I can not name one single flaw with the movie. It had everything from amazing visual effects, spectacular acting, a story line that keeps you interested above and beyond, wrapped up into one amazing movie. The Pandora world Cameron has produced was so pure, beautiful, and surreal. The Avatar people were amazing and even the little details were genius work. It makes you want to become an Avatar and live in this fantasy world. I really can not even put into words how in awe I was of James Cameron's work. This movie spoke to me in so many different ways. I hope that everyone has a chance to see this!

There are many opinions on Avatar. There are clearly believers, and fierce critics. The mere fact that so many people are talking about it, including myself, must mean that it struck a note with the masses. Any publicity is good publicity after all, no?Hmmm - Avatar. As many of you I had very high expectations, and to be perfectly honest, I was not disappointed. The execution is flawless and the visuals are stunning and mesmerising. The subtlety of the 3D makes it stand apart from the traditional Disney World 'jump in your face' sequences. There is however a small leap of faith to be made, and as pointed out correctly by many critics of the movie, the story is not really original. It has been told before, it is predictable, but then aren't all stories derived from an older version? There are only so many stories to tell and I can compare most 'original' movies to an obscure predecessor.If you let yourself be swept away by it, and ignore the 'intellectually superior' attitude that blocks you from seeing past the simplicity, you are in for a beautifully crafted love story, good vs. evil in its most basic form. Only this time it has a twist: the new technology allows you to be sucked into the story, but you have to be able to let go and enjoy the ride.If you would read the script of Star Wars before it was visually realised by George Lucas, you might have concluded the story was somewhat childish. And now this is heralded as one of the best movies of all times. It was visually spellbinding for its time, withstood the test of time, and all that with a simple and naive storyline we all came to love and cherish. What makes Avatar so different from this? Not much. The story is simple and stripped of all unnecessary character development to give the viewer an 'experience', 'an emotional feeling', and on that level, it is unsurpassed in beauty and sensitivity. It will have many teenagers look back with happy thoughts in their thirties of the time they saw Avatar on the big screen.Well done James Cameron for bringing us something old (that works) but presented in a way that is simply revolutionary. Kudos to you for writing the story yourself although it is not your forte. Lord of the Rings was the last time I was wowed, and a lot of that was the combination of story and groundbreaking visuals. But let's not forget that it was based on a great book, Star Wars nor Avatar are, which makes them - in my opinion - slightly more original. Did you ever wonder what LOTR would have looked like with Cameron at the helm?Finally, this movie is revolutionary and I starkly disagree with people who say it is not. Blaming the studios for substituting a good story with use of expensive technology and expensive special effects is a dated excuse. The technology is here to stay, and James Cameron has opened the road for many directors/screenwriters to take advantage of this technology as the studios are probably queing up now the business case has proved the investment to be a luctrative. Ridley Scott and Steven Spielberg are already lined up for making movies using this very same technology - so to all people unhappy with the story - scripts with more depth are bound to come.Maybe not the greatest story, but one of the best cinematic experiences since Star Wars and Lord of the Rings.I tell everyone: go see it without prejudice, and you might just LOVE it. I did ...

James Cameron's Avatar is a breath of fresh air. Although the story itself is one that we have seen before in the likes of Kevin Costner's Dances with Wolves and The Last Samurai of a man who falls in love with a way of life and has to choose between what he knows and what he loves, Cameron's masterstroke is in setting the story on another world and so it is not restrained by certain parameters which leaves him free to tell an emotional story. The performances by the actors are fine and all invoke the emotions of there characters eg Giovanni Ribisi plays the Corporate bad guy perfectly. However it is James Cameron's ability to make you fall in love with a world that does not exist which makes this film work. People remark that it is a work of art which you will have to decide for yourself. In all this is a must see movie and I believe will collect a lot of Oscars.

Extremely Outstanding...I have watched this movie in a 3D IMAX Threatre just yesterday.. and still it keeps circulating my mind. What a movie.. James & his crew had created!!! Hats-0ff to them...It speaks of the connection of oneself to every living thing outside. Its very concept has been beautifully designed and pictured.I have been watching this movie and all of a sudden, I was into the movie. It looked very real and I was completely involved. I even thought that such a 'pandora' world actually existed for sometime. Only at the end of the movie, I have to realize that its a 'movie'. Hope such a outer world really exists, we never knew. :) Seeing the publicity for the movie, I had the feeling that there is much unnecessary hype being created. Its only when I saw the movie, that I have completely changed my feeling. I even registered to IMDb now, to rate it as my best movie so far. Definitely, the Director's and his crew's hard-work paid off...

Avatar was really a spectacular movie. The special effects and cg graphics were awesome! It truly reflected the five years of work and millions of dollars that went into it. The story, although not very original, was very inspiring. The story is about a marine named Jake who is paralyzed waist down. His brother died, so Jake had to take his place. Jake has to go to this planet called "Pandora", where the humans are in conflict with the aliens. Jake, through the Avatar project, which put him in an alien body, learned more about the aliens and started to question how justified the humans were in coming to the planet. Jake even goes as far as to fall in love with a really hot alien woman (I won't tell you who, you will have to find out). I will not ruin the ending; I will just say that Jake makes a very inspiring speech to the aliens close to the end of the movie. That was somewhat similar to William Wallace's speech to the army in the movie "Braveheart". The characters were well thought out, designed, and animated. The cg aliens looked very real, living and breathing. The only real downside of the movie are the unoriginal story. Otherwise the movie was purely incredible!

I had a feeling that this movie was going to be good, but seeing it now...I really can't describe how I feel about it. I can just simple say that I am in love with this movie. The visual effects are astounding. I would honestly say watch the movie in 3D, it helps you get a better feel of what you are seeing and feeling.The emotion in the movie is amazing, it's almost like what they feel is exactly what you will feel. This movie didn't just change my perspective on movies, because it really is the greatest movie of all time, it changed my perspective on life itself. The feeling that our world takes everything for granted, and in their world they respect everything. Look at everything on there planet as if it is sacred. Because in reality, everything is sacred.They cherish the lives of there people and everything else around them. They give thanks for everything, and even the things they've killed they pass them on with respect and love. Giving them the space to move on into the next life so peacefully. It's amazing how much our world before all the greed and money use to be so similar to that. I don't know about anyone else, but this movie changed my life perspective.It is a must see, I promise you won't regret it. I will be watching this movie until the day I die.

Just awesome. I was fortunate enough to see it in 3D, "most of the 3D theaters were sold out". Let me just say that Avatar is by far, hands down the best movie to come out this year and ranks in my top 15 of all time.The story is simple but effective. Cinematography is outstanding. But the special effects is just jaw dropping. The night sequences are breathtaking as the dark is illuminated by the glow of the leaves. Watching this in 3D, you cant help but look around and admire the landscape. The alien like insects, the purple sky, or how the ground lights up green when it vibrates (like m.j's Billie jean video).Avatar by far is the best movie out this year and one of the best this decade, and IS THE FUTURE of cinema. You have to see it to believe it. Its almost 3 hours long and it when it ends you would've felt it was short. I recommend seeing this in 3D to get the full experience. Either way, 2D or 3D, Avatar is Freaking Awesome.9.3/10

I loved this film, every single second of it.The world was totally absorbing and I was filled with excitement just exploring this new world with our hero. I found the romance between the characters touching and believable; the dialogue and performance was amazing.The fight scenes are also utterly brilliant, I gasped as arrows, bullets and creatures went flying past me. I strongly recommend this film, words simply can't do it justice and I am convinced it will go down in movie history as a milestone for cinema.The ticket was worth every penny; a remarkable film that truly demands your undivided attention on the big screen. See it now, you won't regret it.

Make no mistake that this is something you have never seen before. I find it hard to call a film because it was so much more. The immersing nature of the visual aspects of the film are breathtaking. Your mouth will remain open for large sections of this movie.I was there for all the big step ups in film making technique. Terminator 2, Titanic, Lord of The Rings and the new Strawars. All of them did that job, astounding work for their times and amazing achievements. But, I never left the cinema after them the way I did from Avatar. You truly feel you have just witnessed something special, something defining, something of our time. A culmination of years of film making to get to this movie. As far as this movie looks, it is simply perfect.The story is captivating and the characters engaging. It's a tale told many times before, but almost everything is just a variation of older work. But there is so much more depth to this story and a single viewing is unlikely to reveal them all.I don't know if the movie will be the same when I finally own the DVD and play it on my HD. Can that cinema experience transcend to TV screens? Time will tell.If you are waiting for DVD, you'll be missing out on something spectacular. If you can get to an I-Max, or see it in 3D you should try, but at the very least go see it on the big screen. You'll be so glad you did

With all the hype about Avator I thought that Hollywood had finally made a blockbusting film that was both intelligent and subtle. How wrong I was! Computer generated visual vomit in which gun-ho marines endeavour to annihilate feeble alien beings until one of morons jumps ship and saves the alien nation and thus becomes their leader.A script written on the back of a cigarette packet that basically tells us how totally awesome America is and how they can both destroy us or be our savior. The film is aimed at men with small penises, men with the mental ages of 14 year old's, men who masturbated over computer generated alien women and men who are socially inept.

When I left my flat to see a screening of Avatar earlier, I noticed a beautiful, thin, orange sliver of a crescent moon in the sky, and it was, from my perspective, sitting just above the cinema I was going to and I thought 'How beautiful, I hope it's a sign of how good this film is going to be.' It was.What other action director has a heart as big as Jim Cameron? Remember the way he brought Linsay back to life and how she and Virgil fall in love with each other all over again in The Abyss? The relationship between Arnie's terminator and young John Connor in T2? The romance at the heart of True Lies? And then he gave us the emotional mega-whammy of 'Titanic'! Now he delivers a film with not only a beautiful love story at it's heart, but suggests that there is a planet somewhere on which every inhabitant is completely in tune with every other creature and the planet's ROOTS in such a way that if and when it's existence is threatened, they all come together to defend it....Any director who goes to the trouble of INVENTING the technology needed to see his vision come to life the way he wants and the patience to disappear off the radar for 12 years, painstakingly making sure it looks and feels and sounds exactly as he envisioned it deserves a new category of Academy Award. Most Groundbreaking Film of the Year award perhaps? About half an hour into watching this film, I realised I was watching it as a film critic, looking for flaws, then I turned that part of my mind off and decided to just let myself enjoy the story, and the effects, and the music, and the colours, and the humour....Yes, we have seen the basic story before, it does resemble Dances With Wolves and The Last Samurai, and Cameron sets it all up a bit quickly and too easily, but I can think of no other director who can take such familiar material and inject it with such joyous, ecstatic enthusiasm. It does take a while to build up, but until the action really kicks off just sit back and soak up the beauty of what you are seeing (the reinvention of how films are made). Incidentally, don't go in expecting any shocking moments of things seemingly flying out of the screen, it's not that kind of 3D film (although there are little white spidery type things that seem to dance in front of the screen), the 3D here just invites you in, in fact I'm looking forward to seeing it again in 2D just to enjoy the emotion of it, and again in IMAX to really get the full monty, and probably again just because it has to be seen on a big screen before it leaves cinemas, but I suspect that is a long way off.Michael Bay and Roland Emmerich take note, the master is back, and he has pushed 'the boat' out yet again.Edited 24/12/09....I have been watching this films position on IMDBs highest grossing movies of all time and it has jumped from #295 to #240 in 24 hours!!! So to all you naysayers, whether you like it or not, something about this film has captured people's imaginations and hearts just like Titanic did. According to my calculations, all Avatar has to do is perform like this for another month or so and it will be neck and neck with Titanic as far as gross ticket sales is concerned, and I couldn't be happier!!

Sure, the effects ARE excellent- but what a dreadful waste of effects. Surely, at some point, someone must have pointed out to the powers that be that the film contains nothing new. If a film like this wins any awards for anything except special effects it is, surely, an indictment of the low value we put on original (or even interesting) work. The elements of a wonderful story COULD be there but it seems that the special effects budget was more important than the screen writing budget. Dreadfully disappointed with the film and hope that others see it for "The Emperor's New Clothes" that it is. Come on Hollywood you can do far better than this!

Like Peter Jackson and George Lucas, James Cameron raises the level of technical achievement in film making in every movie he makes, and Avatar is no exception. We have set before us a digital masterpiece of beauty and spectacle, where the technology has once again surprised us, but the beauty and imagination of the artists behind it inspires us even more. Now, as before, much of the movie was green screened, but unlike before, it doesn't matter. When live actors are on the screen, they actually look less real than their surroundings. The idealized Na'vi are sacred, vivid, and real. Live actors are dimly lit, phony profanities in James Cameron's digital reality. The central problem with the story is its appalling lack of originality. The plot, and moment after moment in this film, is ripped from previous movies with reckless abandon. No person who has seen such movies as Dances with Wolves, the Last Samurai, Pocahontas (Dis.) or any number of other movies should be surprised at any part of the story here. The plot is simply an excuse to string together a beautiful canvas of rich, detailed digital fantasy art. Soldiers are portrayed here either as self-hating pansies or narrow-minded bad asses. The Na'vi are portrayed as a race in perfect balance with the world around them, rather than as products of natural selection with their own defects. Count me as someone who wanted to see a story which had real characters with real people in them, or a twist in the story I didn't see coming. I have a few moral qualms with the story as well, which plays out not as a message about tolerance of differences or peaceful coexistence, but as a racist ballad where the sacred Na'vi have been perverted by contact with the infernal humans and it is the humans that need to be eradicated or exiled.This is a movie you will want to see if eye-popping visuals and vivid detail at all appeal to you. But if you're looking for a compelling story that you haven't seen before, look elsewhere. As sci-fi, District 9 is a much better movie, and I would say even Star Trek has the edge on a compelling story line.

Entirely computer rendered movies are some of my favorites over the last 10 years. The Incredibles, Up, Toy Story, Finding Nemo, Wall-E, (the list is long!). But Avatar doesn't deserve to be on this list. In fact, given the money spent, it is a failure worth 2/10. However ignoring the budget for a second, it is a 6. A summer block buster popcorn movie that somehow is pretending to be a classic.it is bad? it is so well reviewed!well, first, the 3d. The glasses reduce the brightness, and for someone with good vision it just isn't pleasant to sit for 3 hours with a black fuzzy rim bracketing the screen and a plastic weight on your nose. The 3D effect, when executed, _demands_ you look at whatever is in focus lest you get a headache trying the impossible -- to focus the fuzz outside that spot. This is annoying. When 3d is mostly suppressed you'd really rather be watching a regular big screen movie.Second problem. Multiple ones. Forget for a moment the computer graphics. What you are left with is - a cliché ridden script - the least cohesive imagining of future science I've seen for ages. Stuff that varies from barely better than stuff the Pentagon shows off now, to god-like technology. All set in 2154. - stereotypical characters - a very dull leading man. He sounds a bit like Russell crowe, but there ends that comparison. - an extremely predictable plot. Not just predictable. You've sat through this story before, and parts of it you've seen several times.The worst is the script. On the rare occasion the characters reveal some inner emotion or conflict through subtle action or facial expression, they immediately blurt out their motivation. I guess for the sake of us dim wits in the audience. Meanwhile the full orchestral score swells and swirls almost without a breather from the first second to the last, unnecessarily ramming down our ear canals whatever emotion we are being ordered to feel.A good movie you think about not just the next morning, but the next week. The next month. Avatar only left me annoyed. I couldn't care less about the characters, I was left with zero curiosity for where an Avatar 2 might take them.I'm squarely in the demographic for this movie, supposedly. Bit of a geek. Like sci-fi. Interested in technology and prepared to pay to see good CGI and Avatar totally failed me. Reading some of the rabid comments left for the few professional reviewers brave enough to be actually critical makes me wonder if the studio has launched a viral "think positive" campaign to support this movie. Either that, or the lowest common denominator uncritical cud chewing PR swallowing movie going public is a lot more interested & active on blogs and message boards than I had imagined! If the latter then I'll be spending a lot less money on Hollywood over the next decade than I did over the last!

Why you must watch? This is what Hollywood is all about. Making entertainment. They know how to that. Almost 3 hours of entertainment in a visual new world. ps. watch it in 3D!What is it: It's a modern farytale (there is good and bad with a desirable ending) and if you can accept weird, but likable and enjoyable, creatures it's the best that Hollywood can offer at the moment for a cinema. For the critics who like documentaries and hate Hollywood: For the "critics" I would say please watch movies like "Into the wild" and don't bother other people with you opinion. You don't understand the essence of movies and that is entertainment nothing more and nothing less. There are a lot of commentaries here saying It could've been so much more. If so, please do a better job yourself. But probarly you can't and will not achieve things like this.For all the others I would say: "sit back and enjoy"

OK, so I made a first attempt at some sort of review of Avatar and failed miserably. I tried to make it sound to fancy, filled it with a bunch of crap, blah blah blah. Anyway, I have to say this is one of the best movies I have ever seen If not the best. Now, I know that is quite a bold statement but hey, I'm the kind of person to make statements like that. To a sci-fi/fantasy geek like me, Avatar was THE next big thing, the movie I waited a year for. I ordered midnight tickets to the IMAX, got there and hour early to pick out a good seat, etc. I literally sat through the movie with a huge smile on my face. Never have I felt so satisfied walking out of a movie.Now a lot of the complaints focus on weak story and weak acting. To be honest, the acting in my opinion was fine. I'm not going to say that I will bow down to Sam Worthington but all the actors did a great job, particularly Zoe Saldana. I don't know if it was their portrayal, or the way the characters were written, but I found myself actually caring for the characters. Call me cold-hearted, but I couldn't have cared less if Frodo died in Lord of the Rings. The only people I cared for in those movies were Gandlaf and Aragorn. I don't like over-emotional characters, it simply bogs down the story. In this movie, I found myself caring for the main characters, on the edge of my seat during the finale.One of the amazing things Cameron does is he has the guts to kill off nearly any character. He killed almost everyone in Aliens, everyone but the main in Terminator, and killed of poor Leo in Titanic. When characters started going in this movie, I got a little nervous for the leads. That tells me something! The fact that I was nervous for movie characters indicated to me that these were characters I truly cared about, that I wanted to live. In regards to to the story, ye sits predictable but so is everything. Originality is not in the destination always but in the journey. Just because we know the ending doesn't make the scenes leading up to it boring. I was engaged by the entire movie start to finish despite predicting what would happen.The music, although I hear it copies a lot of Horner's previous work, felt perfect to me. I consider myself I bit of a movie music snob. I believe music can either make or break a movie, its that essential. It has to provide a great "feel" if you know what I'm saying. Some scenes in this movie left me in awe not only with the effects but the music as well. I love the use of choir and chanting in a film's score and there was plenty here. It just made me feel as if this was truly an "epic" movie, I don't know how to explain it.I am not going to claim I am some movie critic and know all. I certainly don't and I am not here to analyze this film for all it's worth. I just know that a movie never made me feel this way before. I have seen it three times and I am dying to see it again. I listen to the soundtrack on an hourly basis. Hell, the IMDb page is my internet homepage and I regularly visit the Avatar Wiki. When I have left the theatre each time, I feel depressed, wishing I could see more, wishing our world was more like Pandora. I felt so connected throughout the entire movie that it was just frustrating to leave. Any movie that makes me feel this way is certainly considered by me to be one of the best movies ever. It's something I feel rather then something I can analyze. 10/10

I am not here...I am dreaming....Stunned....I don't know where I am now.....But I am sure I am in Pandora...I am an AVATAR too.....I don't want to simply say the story and give my review for this fascinating movie ever made in world cinema. I don't know whether there will be another movie in my life going to replace this movie in my pick list. No wonder Spielberg was surprised for this movie.Absoluetly stunning.I love Pandora. I love the animals in Pandora. I love Na'vi. I love the sparkling trees in Pandora. For the 2 and half hours I was in a different world which I couldn't even imagine in my lifetime not even in my dreams. I really wanted to be a dream walker to that fascinating world.The cinematography is awesome. Special effects fantastic...awesome.spellbound. You can't even imagine drawing those creatures or plants or Pandora people. Whatever we kept as desktop wallpapers it comes visual before your eyes.The performance of Sam Worthington as handicap is awesomebut he got only limited scenes to performrest of the movie is taken by the "Pandora Jack" breathtaking performanceNo words.Neytiri---She took my heart :).I swear you can't find "Zoe Saldana" in Neytiri character. Brilliant performance. She performed so well she teaches jack about their culturetacticslanguagefinally fall in love with him.Sigourney Weaver---Dr.Gracy—absolutely stunning performance...she teaches to the children of Pandora...Learn from those peopleand finally she dies for them.Eytukan—Leader of the Pandora people.I likes his patient and love towards his people. Moat, Tsu'tey, Stephen Lang & Michelle Rodriguez done their part perfect.Pandora jack performance was awesome...he learn the language of pandoras and then the tradition and culture of those people. Each and every technique handled by those Pandoras was different and beautifully portrayed. I love the scene when all the people join their hands together to accept the jack as one among them..Man what a sceneI also like them when they keep a bond using their hairs with the animals. Special effects damn sure it will take you to Pandora world.you will be a dream walker with your 3D glasses.How come they design the beautiful flowers, plants and animalsespecially the glowing plants and flowers and the sacred seeds and sacred tree...Its takes me away to their own world Man..I don't know how he can think about this type of movieThis is absolutely brilliant movie made in this century This is one of the REAL movie which took me out of this stupid world To all the directors in this whole world..this is called a REAL MOVIEthis is what we want from you.God damn.I love this movie..I love Neytiri on the screen though I was sitting near with another Neytiri ;) As soon as AVATAR wake up @ last scene I stood up from my seat and gave a loud applause and salute the great legend "James Cameron"Please watch it in a nice theater with ur 3D glasses.....I am sure you will enter in another world. I can't give the ratings for this movie...this movie going be my separate list

Avatar is obviously a visually appealing film. The CGI is expertly done and the details in everything is amazing. The color is rich and vibrant, the moving is fluid, and everything is beautiful.Okay, enough. The above is essentially what most reviewers say about Avatar: that it is a revolutionary visual masterpiece. What else? A movie isn't just the visual appeal! If the visual appeal is so very wonderful, they why don't they film natural beauty? Visuals are just a tool to make sure the viewers know what's going on. So? Why spend so much money and time making a visual masterpiece without understanding the ultimate elements to a quality film? Basically, what James Cameron was like after making Titanic was: "Oh my god, I want to make another film. Let's make this film so visually stunning that everybody will be captivated." James Cameron is doing his animation business, and a few weeks before the release, a man notifies James Cameron of something important: "Um, sir, you know, you have to make, um, a storyline." "What? I have to make a STORYLINE? WITH CHARACTERS! Are you insane?" "Well, um, sir, I'm sure you could write something up on this weekend, uhh, yeah!" "Brilliant! That'll do!" In the long run, nothing happens for the first hour, the characters are pasted into the story, and when emotions try to be thrown around, they are blocked.In my opinion, Avatar was just a showcase of visuals. James Cameron decided "Hey, you know, people are stimulated by visuals. Let's make Avatar!" An absolute insult to all humanity.

PREAMBLE: This review has been deleted. It was done so based on another user suggestion. I'm not sure why, so I deleted some dirty words that might offend some "users". I'm reposting it now with slight changes and some notes in brackets {}.I'm not going to try call the art 'where are thee?' because Avatar isn't trying pretend to be deep anyway. However I'm very concerned about the amount of the 10/10 reviews here at IMDb. It probably shows something. People don't think anymore, they want candy. So they got it. But you can't feed on candy only, you know. At the time when I'm writing this review, Avatar sits on the 24th position of the TOP250, between 25th Silence of the Lambs and 23th Once Upon a Time in the West.OK, so what's wrong? Story - Main character, Jake, infiltrates a tribe of aliens on some planet. This tribe resides on the source of some highly expensive mineral. The tribe must be wiped out because of it. Jake starts to like his new friends, because they seem to be cool and in harmony with their nature. He also fell in love with female alien, Nscho-tschi, er... Neytiri. Battle between humans and aliens. The end. -- Well, not only has been this around thousand times over and over again, but it (go figure!) might have taken some bits from the history as well. Dances with Wolves have been mentioned in some reviews and I can think of even more accurate example - Enemy Mine (1985). Wiping the native Americans was a damn shame from any angle, but please, we all have got the point that it was wrong, OK? Get over it and don't breed the hate among the... {offensive words removed}. If you need some movie history lesson from this area, go see the Little Big Man (1970), the plot is exactly the same, only you won't need the 3D goggles.Script - None. The pattern could have been written by anybody, who has seen the standard action flicks. First few minutes, we get the direct explanation about what, where, who and why. And you know this type of explanation, right? Actors talking to each other and explaining the situation, like they never met before. The lecture from Parker Selfridge (Giovanni Ribisi) given to Dr. Grace Augustine (Sigourney Weaver, why?) in their first dialog raised my palm to my face. The intellect of the audience has been lowered down again. Then standard romantic part with a twist in second part, the main character is obviously the chosen one, because some force says so and of course we have a baddie from the army and the stupid leader who just wants money too. The aliens win the final battle and the lead character becomes one of them. Duh.Actors and setting - Who the hell need actors when we've got CGI? I was in the theater with my brother, who plays computer games a lot. After we came out of the building, he named me several things, which have been taken out straight from several PC games, like Command and Conquer, Heroes of Might and Magic, Warcraft and so on. So another rip-off.Visual effects - You've got this right. But wait another 20 years. It's like silicon breast. Now it looks good on your 20 years old body, but wait another 20. I still can't believe the score on IMDb is based solely on visual effects. It's so wrong! I have a theory about the whole thing. I think Cameron has been paid a fortune to do this. Why? Let's say the movie entertainment industry has a problem, that people don't go to theaters anymore, because they can watch movies from home, especially when they can get it on piratebay, right? So the industry needs a new type of movies. Movies with lame story, lame script, lame everything, but top CGI, 3D, IMAX, ultra-mega-realistic screening, so the movie downloaded from the internet is, in fact, useless. I've got nothing against this strategy. I don't give a damn about these mindless flicks, but they just don't belong among the TOP250, that's why I went to see Avatar. Out of curiosity. And my jaw did drop. From a shame where the intellect of the majority is going. I'm also ashamed that I went there and paid the money to see it. It's utterly trash. {section with "dirty" movies has been removed}0/10.

I've seen some of James Cameron's movies. Titanic is powerful, AND SO IS AVATAR! I can't really call it a film. It's beyond that - IT'S AN INCREDIBLE ADVENTURE! I was more than interested when I saw the trailer, and after reading the plot outline on IMDb, I HAD to see it! At first, I was interested with the opening sequence and the mining operation on Pandora in the year 2154. The Na'vi had my eyes fixed on them throughout the entire adventure! I want to join them and I offer my love to them! In fact, blue is my favourite colour! Everyone involved with making this masterpiece did exceptionally brilliantly! I walked out of the cinema filled with excitement! When Jake explains how, when you're dreaming, sooner or later you have to wake up, I was thinking the same. I agree with this, but not if the dream isn't a dream, but reality. If I had to choose between following orders and protecting the Na'vi, I would choose to protect the Na'vi. I shared Jake's experience of not wanting to go back to Earth after seeing how amazing Pandora was, hearing words like, "You have a strong heart," and "One life ends, another begins," becoming one of the people – and falling in love. I have a strong and loving heart, and I learn things quickly. Love is a powerful sweetener to an incredible adventure.I enjoyed the scenes where Neytiri shows Jake how to fly the Ikran. I would say, "Yah!" with excitement before taking flight. My FAVOURITE scene is when Jake is initiated into the Omaticaya, and he and Neytiri choose each other. I LOVE the dialogue in that scene, and the romance is amazing! I would choose Peyral because she is a good hunter. (Who am I to choose someone who has already chosen?) I'm a good dancer and would use my moves and skills whilst learning to become one of the people. I also enjoyed the battle scenes, and I could feel the emotional outcome when Hometree was destroyed, (I was saddened by that) but to be honest, there were times during the adventure when I thought it would end, but I'm glad it didn't. (I know that James Cameron has confirmed the possibility of two sequels.) I LOVE the scenes where Jake assembles thousands of Na'vi from other clans to repel the humans. The final battle is very entertaining and the effects are incredible! I enjoyed every moment of it and felt as if I was in it and fighting alongside the Na'vi. I also felt a wave of relief and some pleasure when Neytiri killed Quaritch and saved Jake. I feel this way when good triumphs over evil. I remembered Titanic and was hoping that Jake would survive - and I was SO pleased when Neytiri saved him. That's another scene I TOTALLY LOVE - with the attack repelled, Neytiri and Jake reaffirm their love as she sees Jake in his human body for the first time. It's so beautiful! Love's complicated!As I watched the remaining corporate personnel being expelled from Pandora, while, Jake, Norm and other scientists were allowed to remain, it reminded me of a play I performed in in 2006. I'm VERY happy at the end when the clan performs the ritual that permanently transfers Jake from his human body into his Na'vi avatar. At some points in the adventure, I was actually hoping that would happen. I'm VERY pleased that it did! The ending's not bad at all, but I reckon that after Jake was transferred into his Na'vi avatar, Jake stood up, Neytiri smiled at him and they kissed. The people would then cheer!The experience is incredible and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for any sense of adventure! The words, "I see you" are powerful and effective and if I were transferred into a Na'vi avatar. (I would LOVE to actually!) those would be the first words I would say. The song "I See You" is also powerful and very effective. Thinking about it now, if I were with Jake at the end of the film, as a Na'vi avatar, I would say some of the many words the song involves. Speaking of the music, I noticed at times during the adventure, I heard two of the notes from Titanic's theme.I find that parts of a POWERFUL adventure stay with you after it's over, but this adventure is eternal! After the experiences I went through a few years ago, I'm NEVER going back to how I used to be. Love is my FAVOURITE emotion and it's EVEN STRONGER now that I've seen Avatar. Whenever I saw any stills or clips of Avatar, they struck my heart like love lightning - love SO strong! I have a strong heart and I believe that the power of love, more than just an emotion, but a strong feeling and/or affection, also plays a vital role in facing danger, having no fear, protecting others and standing together as one! Don't feel lost in love. Have the bravery the stand up and let it flow like a river of honey! Become one with the power of love! If your dreams become reality, and you are on Pandora, walking or flying with the Na'vi, you may see me there.Love, James.

i went to see this movie with high expectations. i must say this movie really did not fail to succeed. it took my breath away. the movie is just that amazing. certainly the first time. the movie is just so beautiful created and brought to you. i have yet to see the 3d version of it, but i hope it will be even more amazing then the 2d version. the plot isn't original, looks a lot like pocahontas. but just because the plot isn't original, doesn't mean it is bad, like a lot people say.imagine the pocahontas movie, but now twice as long, 20 times as beautiful and its realistic. but because this is realistic u don't have the messed up animals that can be funny.this movie was made to get the people back to the cinemas, and it did not fail.now, to all the people that gave this movie a 1 or 2. HOW?! if u didn't like the plot or script, fine. but i cant imagine that this movie earns a 1 or 2. i mean this movie LOOKS so beautiful. the way it is made and gets shown to the public. if u rate a movie a 1 or 2, that means the movie was UBER bad, like, everything about the movie sucked. well, i cant believe that anyone, even the haters, think that this movie sucked in every aspect. that just isn't possible with AVATAR.

I watched the movie for the 8th time now. Why? Because it is the first movie that tracked me that much into his own whole new world!Now there are a lot of comments: "Nothing new, story lame, just special effects..."I admit it, when i watched the first 20 minutes I thought: This is going to be changing our understanding of movies? Seen that, heard that... Well after a certain point I just got so caught up in the hauntingly beautiful world and in the way the Navi are seeing their environment that when i stepped out of the cinema I wanted to buy the next ticket right away... This movie is creating an image of a world that is so perfect you don't want to get out of it anymore!Next comments: "tones of cliques, propaganda..."First of all... which movie does not have anything like that in it? Movies are about to tell stories and stories are about to show a certain point of view. I don't want to spoil anything here but as soon as you watched the movie you will know the image that is created of mankind anyway and you will know what I mean with : This is true and fact in todays and pasts live. I personally hated myself for being human after that movie ;)In this spirit I want to support everyone how helped creating this masterpiece and give my honor to them you guys did just such an amazing job and to everyone how is reading this comment watch the movie and I promise you you won't regret it.

This movie was full of amazing effect, acting, etc etc as everyone has been saying. However there are 2 things about this movie that completely blew my mind. Firstly, the amount of creativity in the world they put on the screen. WOW! How do you come up with the plug in tails, the tree with the ancestors' voices, the animals, all of it! And its extremely amazing how realistic it all looks as well.One thing that I hope I'm not the only one seeing is the connection between this movie and the Native American hardships from the past. The culture of the Navi resembled something like the Native Americans who worshiped various aspects of nature and believed they all were connected. And the whole destruction and mourning seemed a lot like the Trail of Tears we learned about in high school.Anyway, I'll stick to the topic and say that this is really an extraordinary movie which truly deserves all of the praise and profit its getting. Here's to the return of sci fi!

Wow! Bravo James Cameron! Nothing I have seen so far was so breathtaking! Special effects are another breakthrough! Well worth to see it for yourself in a theater.Mainly this movie gives us (the humanity) a chance to look in the mirror (which is not especially pleasant) and to survive as species.However, people who let their minds consider themselves "the crown of evolution" will not grasp the Idea and will not like the movie. For them, the main character remains a mere traitor. (oh, what should i say! what a pity!)We, people, have our mechanical toys OK, but watching this movie made me for the first time feel (indeed) that "advanced" people from a mechanical civilization have _nothing_ valuable to offer for such "usual barbarians" as Navi, who are living in perfect balance at Pandora planet and in perfect harmony with every creature.Definitely I want to see this movie again.

The Most Important Movie Ever Made - is all I have to say about that.How awesome that James Cameron chose to say what he said in Avatar. How awesome that he chose to share the truths about the sacredness of live and how all being are connected. He could have shown fast cars, busty girls in wet t-shirts and scary guns. But no, he chose to show love, compassion and beauty.This movie is a powerful message, one much needed in times of lost illusions. I hope it reaches far and wide.I have seen the movie 3 times to date, have taken people I love to see it, and going back to see it yet again with more people I love. And all my friends who SEE love it, and all their friends who SEE love it too.Thank you, James Cameron.

This movie is enjoyable across all age groups and anyone who says differently is probably just being a killjoy.For example if you're the type of movie watcher who likes to point out things like "McGuffins" and "Deus ex Machinas" you may not be able to like a movie like this.Is there social commentary in this movie? Sure. But Sci Fi tends to lend itself to that. I personally didn't mind it at all hence my rating of 10. If you're sensitive to this kind of thing you may like the movie less than I did. But it is still 100 percent worth watching.Also special recognition should be paid to the cast here. Worthington is great as a new face who plays his role very adequately. Sigourney Weaver is a great addition. And Michelle Rodriguez brings some nice spirit to the production as well.

This is a MUST SEE movie in 3D and preferably in IMAX. James Cameron was very wise to wait for computer animation to catch up to his vision because OMG it's spectacular!There are more than a dozen animation studios world-wide who all contributed to a realism of graphics that has never before been so natural. Amazing considering that most of the movie is based on a new planet with all animals and most plants having totally new characteristics.The visuals and sounds/music is immersive & realistic. The story will leave you satisfied. All mature audiences will love it.This is NOT a typical multi-part comic book movie that always leaves you hanging.Go see it on the big screen and enjoy the BEST movie of all time!!

Picture yourself going to an amusement park and ride THE best ride you have ever been on... This is how I feel today, and have felt even more intensely last night after having seen the avatar. I went to see this movie only because a friend of mine dragged me there. She didn't want to go alone and boy am I glad she did.Everything I want to say about this film has already been said on this site, so I'm just gonna add my comments to it. Yea so the story is something we all have seen plenty times before, nothing special there, but the execution of it is by far the best of it that I have seen...it's like eating chocolate, it always taste the same but sometimes the wrapping is so great that it makes you think the chocolate is The Best you have ever had :-) So if you want to just be entranced by another world and take a joy-ride of a colorful dream this movie is definitely for you!

I will not lie, i did not entirely agree with the messages that they put into this film on many many levels but because of everything else that went on in this movie i find absolutely no reason whatsoever to hold that against it. I watched this movie not more than ten minutes ago and found that it was the most entertaining, gut wrenching piece of art that i have ever witnessed. There were scenes that made me feel pains of sympathy inside my stomach along with the characters of the movie as well as times were i wanted kill out of hatred. The dialog could have used some work as well as the story line but it doesn't matter whatsoever. I will go to see this movie many times over and you should to, it is big it is bold and it will knock your socks off making you completely forget any price that you paid to go see it!

If you go to this movie expecting some totally original new concept you'll be disappointed, however if you realize that the "original" thing is pretty hard to do now a-days without getting really out there and want to see a good plot done really well then you'll be in for a treat. It is visually spectacular (must see it in IMAX 3D!!) and blasts through nearly 3hrs with ease. I was in awe all the way through and when I left the theater I was on the phone with my bro telling him he had to see it asap. It's funny, I bought my ticket online and was miffed that it cost damn near $15, thought "this better be worth it!" By the end I immediately decided to take my kids next week and will gladly pay for all three of us :) I loved this flick, it's in my top 5 for sure.

avatar is a revolution in 3d cinema as well as 2d,almost the entire movie has been made using computer graphics,and to say the least,they are stunning if not mind blowing.the environment created by the design team is very well thought of and a lot of attention has been given into intricate details.as far as the story goes,it is a little predictable but does not effect the thrill watching the movie by any means.the action sequences are electrifying and the viewer gets a feeling of actually being inside the movie.Acting has been top notch,from the human actors that is.the animated characters have been made in such a way that they look more real then their human counterparts.other than the impressive graphics and story,the moral of the movie is also a very good and makes the viewers think.the one thing i can guarantee about avatar is that you wont leave the cinema halls disappointed.in fact you will want to pay it another visit.watching this film in 3d is a must for anyone who enjoys watching movies.for those who don't,it is still worth the ticket money.

you gotta give it to J.C ,i mean comm'on have you ever been this much stuck to the screen...yeah the story was loose and predictable as well ,the theme song was good but not quiet there ,but can you doubt his creativity ...there's no way you can go this far in a world of aliens and create such great aspects and environment so perfect that you cant even wonder how he did it...sure it wasn't complete but AVATAR is really something,such a great experience for me...i loved it the actors ,now SAM did good sigourney was perfect as always and oh my god how good was ZOE saldana who's so delicate and cute but tough in the movie as you can feel it in her heart..anyway please go and check this movie out Specially in IMAX cause you sure as hell will regret it if you went for 2d and even 3d...

One of the best films ever made. Avatar is full of emotion, interesting story lines, great scripts, and beautiful, incredible landscapes, creatures, and everything else. Cameron worked extremely well at bringing Pandora and the Na'vi to life. The expressions on their faces are the most real I have ever seen in animation. It's like watching actors! It's also nice to see a film with smaller actors...it gets repetitive seeing people like Brad Pitt fill 5 different roles...Sam Worthington is a great role for Jake Sully. Jake is hilarious and ignorant at first, but soon becomes a very big role model for the Na'vi. The films effects are incredible and the storyline, even though it has been done before, has a new "fresh" feel of it. This is the way movies should be made!

I was initially a bit skeptical when I saw the trailer of Avatar. And that is normal considering how many of the modern movies with enormous budgets are absolutely rubbish, but this one is different. Of course we just couldn't expect James Cameron to screw up this kind of movie. Quite the opposite maybe it isn't a new titanic or a new terminator, but is definitely a masterpiece.One of the things that sets this film apart from the others from it's gender is that even though the actors are not very famous most of them are young and very promising. They are able really convince you that the feelings of their characters are genuine and not everything nowadays is about computer animation and special effects. The world of Pandora is amazing from the very beginning you will just be caught in the beautiful and fascinating way in which everything is created it is just beyond belief, that anyone could have such imagination. One other ting is that the native inhabitants are no at all made disgusting if you have to compare them to the humans you will probably see our race as ugly.All in all this movie has everything strong story, big budget, good actors and most importantly flawless execution of the whole film. No matter how old are you or where are you from you will most certainly like Avatar

When you stop caring, or even noticing, the CGI, you know you're watching a good movie.I generally hate CGI, especially in large doses. It's disheartening for me to watch a big screen knowing that every little detail is there because someone thought to draw it. Nothing accidental, nothing by chance, or dropped in by human quirk. But Avatar made me not care. And that's really saying something.I fell in love with the scenery! This movie was simply beautiful to look at.The story was 100% predictable. You know what the protagonist is going to do, every step of the way, and sometimes you have to wait a while for it. But who cares? It was great. When it ended, I don't know where 2-1/2+ hours went! I honestly didn't want it to end. I didn't want to leave that world.This is what the big screen is made for!

Since Avatar was supposed to be such a ground-breaking cinematic experience, I thought I'd treat myself and go watch it at the local drive-in theater with my dog and two year old daughter. Boy, am I sorry I mad that mistake! Not only is the movie boring as hell, it also doesn't have an ounce of originality. James Camrom, next time you make a blatant rip-off of Pocahontas, could you please at least try to make it interesting?And the CGI, it's atrocious! I thought the fan boys at work said it was a 'visual feast', whatever the hell that's supposed to mean. Well, it turns out that it isn't a lot more realistic that Jurasic Park, which was released over two decades ago now.It was so boring that an hour and a half into it my daughter was literally crying and my dog had taken to chewing up the back seat of my brand new Mercedes-Benz C-Class. So not only did it cost me the price of a ticket (which would have been a rip-off in itself), it also cost me a new back seat. Thanks a lot, James Camrom.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this disaster. I'm giving this atrocity 0 out of 10 stars.

This is a masterpiece. This movie has the best effects ever seen and has a story which shows our world: The people who are able to see the force behind things you can't see and touch; and the people who lost this gift. If you compare it with other 3D-movies, no with all other movies, you can't find a movie with similar effects.Watch this movie! If you are not able to see the message behind this movie and if your heart isn't deeply touched - go to a psychiatrist and learn how to get back this feeling into your life.If you are able to feel this connection deep in your heart, say thanks for this gift.

Avatar is a five-out-of-ten-star film. Not bad, but not excellent by any means.Avatar fails for several reasons: 1) It's a Vietnam film (albeit with a SF bent), many many years too late. The Vietnam film started with "Apocalypse Now" and finished with "Full Metal Jacket", and the canon includes everything in between. There was no reason to rehash it and nothing has been achieved by doing so. Cameron adds nothing to the Vietnam genre, nor the SF world.2) Despite the nice (but only "nice") backstory that exists for the Na'Vi and the white Americans (who represent all human beings, of course), the story itself is dull, predictable and not worth the time it takes to tell (some /ten-star/ reviews on IMDb even knowledge this - nuts!) In fact, story-wise it's a very expensive b-movie. The characters are unsympathetic (white knucklehead soldier has coming of age experience with foreign land/culture/woman; James Cameron forces another woman (or the same woman, for the second time) into a man's costume/role/story arc), and there are few surprises or story developments to reward our patience. The casting is also very woolly - Worthington, like his character, is expendible, Weaver chews scenery and channels too much Ripley, Rodriguez is rubbish /again/, and Lang is almost cartoonish (although, in many ways his performance sits the most comfortably).3) The Na'Vi are irritatingly orientalist. They are a quite unsubtle blend of the United States' lack of understanding of Asian and African cultures. While Sam Worthington's blundering has a certain quality of self-reflexiveness, ultimately, the Na'vi culture is a collection of "preconceived archetypes which envision all 'Eastern' societies as fundamentally similar to one another, and fundamentally dissimilar to 'Western' societies." 4) The digital looks crappy, even (especially?) in 3D. The neon green/blue palette does for cinema what it does for cars - makes it look falsely flash and after a while it reveals its shallowness. Also, the Na'Vi feel false, wooden, despite their 3D Mo-Cap yadda-yadda technology. Sorry, but Jim Henson's stuff still feels exponentially more real than this simply because the things captured by the camera WERE REAL! I would compare Avatar to the Hammer film "One Million Years BC": essentially a good b-movie with effects that are impressive but definitely "of their time", making the film itself a curio of the same.I predict that this will be James Cameron's greatest flop, dollar-for-dollar, soundbite-for-soundbite. Don't get carried away by the King Of The World's hype.

Well I couldn't agree less with what people said about this movie. As a painter, I did enjoy the realistic animation, it was amazing indeed. I could imagine how hard it was to achieve. It definitely pleases the eye.But... yes, there is a BIG but - the story was more than plain. I had that feeling I've seen that movie and I knew exactly what's going to happen - good guy meets a girl, falls in love, betrays her, the bad guys decide it's time to kick some butt, but the good guy gives a powerful speech and everybody goes 'hooray', some of the good guys will die, there will be a final battle between the main hero and the bad guy, well guess who won.. I actually had a bet with a friend on how will the movie end. Anyway, through the whole act, I had the feeling I've written that movie and know exactly how it'll end - and that's not something I want to experience when seeing a movie.So basically I did enjoy the visual effects but the story didn't please me enough to like the movie.

I went in hoping for a good flick, but instead was mesmerized for 162 minutes. After it was over, it took me a few minutes to peel myself off the theatre chair. Having seen well over 10,000 Fims in my 53 Years, i now have a new #1 movie, by the unassuming name of AVATAR. Let me preempt the nay sayers; To LOVE this film, you need to appreciate at least one or more of these Genres; (1) Epic Sci-Fi / Fantasy, (2) Action Adventure, (3) Sub-Text Morality stories, (4) Love Stories, (5) War & Technology, (6) Mind-Blowing special Effects, (7) Superb storyline. Amazingly, my wife & 2 teenager children would have none of this, and were not willing to even give it a chance, all they saw was silly BLUE people in the ads. It is their LOSS, as it is irrelevant to me if it is not their type of flick. I assume that Moviegoers that accompanied a Fantasy fan,& do not like these genres, have dragged down the rating from the rightful #1 position. If you do have an appreciation for the listed genres, this is an absolute MUST SEE in the Theatre in 3-D movie. Travel 100 Miles if necessary, you will not regret it.I have become very JADED over the last few years. Many movies & TV Series have been "Pretty Good", but nothing recent has Blown me away, like this new classic. The Original Star Wars on opening day was the first time i was this in AWE of a movie. Raiders of the Ark on opening night, was the next time i found myself overwhelmed by a mere movie. Only every once in a while is a film SO GOOD that it was worth living an extra 30 YEARS just to see it, & this was THAT film for me. It was so darned good that i had Shivers going up & down my Spine thru much of the movie. The 3-D was so good it almost felt like i was inside the film. I was pulled right into the Fantasy Storyline & wept for the characters. It is so far ahead of the recent competition, it might not be surpassed for decades to come. Go with another Fantasy fan, & hold on to your Socks ...

Plot: In 2154, the RDA begins mining on Pandora, a lush tropical planet in some distant galaxy. This planet is populated by the Na'vi, a race of blue, cat-like beings. In order to learn from the Na'vi, the Avatar program was created. In this, a human's mind is transported to that of a genetically created Na'vi. Disabled marine Jake Sully(Sam Worthington) is the latest to have an Avatar. His mission: learn from the Na'vi clan known as the Omaticaya and try to find a way to remove them from their homes, where a large deposit of a priceless mineral lies. But as Sully becomes attached to the Na'vi, including falling in love with princess Neytiri(Zoe Saldana), he realizes humans are the bad guys and must stop Col. Quaritch(Stephen Lang) and his soldiers from eliminating the Na'vi.James Cameron has done it again! After Oscar-winning epics like Aliens, Terminator 2, and Titanic, he has once again captivated us with a surefire winner. This is a visual feast for the eyes that makes Transformers and 2012 look like indie flicks. The effects are by far the best ever done in film making, and I'm not going overboard. The work on the Na'vi is the most lifelike I've ever seen. These creatures look pretty well like their actors, so that's ten points for motion capture. And Cameron knows how to cast 'em. Among the cast is Wes Studi, Michelle Rodriguez, Joel David Moore, Giovanni Ribisi, Dileep Rao, CCH Pounder, and Cameron regular Sigourney Weaver who steals most of her scenes. And another grand thing is the score by legendary Oscar winner James Horner, who's also worked on various projects with Cameron. His beats give the film a true native feel. And I fully suggest this be viewed in 3-D, as Cameron's style of filming deserves to only be shown in that way.Last year, there was an incredible film called The Dark Knight, that became an Oscar winning billionaire that was easily the best of '08. Well, lightning might strike twice in the same spot with Avatar. This is the most flawless and satisfying film of the year. And maybe one of the best of the decade.

I am in love. Not with a character. Not even with an actor. I am in love with the world called Pandora.Rendered in exquisite detail, James Cammeron's world is near perfect in every facet. Of course there are little niggles. The obvious horse and deer analogues seem too close to home, as is the Na'vi's Native-American-like society, the majority of humans are very difficult to identify with and the score is not one of Horner's best, being highly fragmented and even more unoriginal than usual. But all this pales into insignificance next to the huge and undeniably beautiful world in which it is set. The story is functional and gives plenty of room for the flora and fauna to steal your heart, to the point that it will break when the inevitable crisis point is reached. It would surprise me if there were many dry eyes in the house at that point.So I give this film 10 out of 10, not for being perfect, but for what it is: a quantum leap in audience immersion. At no point did I find myself disbelieving the world which was presented me, not for one moment did I think "this is only CG". This seamless presentation of an entirely new world will set Avatar's place in the history books and left me wanting more. Much more.So go out and see this film. And then see it again. We are told that Cammeron's decision over the next film he will make will depend on the audience reaction to this film, and with a plan for at least two sequels I can barely wait to see what's next. As possibly the best sequel creator in existence (see Terminator 2 and Aliens) he can't disappoint us now, surely.

Seen this the day after it hit USA, I am a big fan of CG anime's and other CG films; Final Fantasy, Vexille, Appleseed. Also video games and such. Never before have I seen such detail in textures and animations in a film like this, it was flawless! This is hands down one of the best films ever conceived in todays technology. Just to explain abit (No Spoilers) about what it looks like, there is next to no difference at all between the cg rendered avatars and the human actors. facial expressions, the lip sync, motor skills and physics. Everything is so well blended you can not help but stare in awe at this movie. So stop reading this, get off your computer chair, grab your keys and get to the movies. This is a must see for anyone!

Blockbuster movies come in dozens these years, special effects flood us with so much flash and bang and hiss that we went blind and deaf to them long ago. Maybe that's why I see some people automatically discard the new Cameron movie - only because they saw on trailers it has special effects. I say let them stay ignorant, for they are only hurting themselves. And for all of you that love cinema, and waited so long for that sense of wonder, that was lost for decades - wait no longer and buy a ticket and watch Avatar in 3D and your inner child's most incredible dreams will come true before your very eyes.Why is it so different? We saw a jungle and monsters and wild chases before - in King Kong for example - so why bother? Isn't it the same? The answer will hit you while you immerse yourself in the world of Pandora. We became immune to 2D, we stopped caring long ago. But this is different. You ARE inside, you are no longer an external viewer, you are a silent actor that is following the actors - on a strange, wonderful alien planet. You share their amazement and emotions, fears and desires.Cameron created something you can believe in, a world that is so coherent and *real* it sucks you in completely, and after the movie is over you wish to go back to Pandora and experience its beauty again. It might well be the most artistic movie ever made, the details of the ecosystem connect with the story perfectly, allowing us to see more of Pandora's rich environment. I really wish I could tell more without risking spoilers.The story is what you expect it to be. If you have any movie experience you will not be surprised and will predict what happens up to last second of the movie - but I tell you it doesn't matter at all! You will actually want for it to happen the way it happens - and Cameron simply knows that. I realize it would seem the movie must be very boring because of that - but the truth is you will not get out of amazement for the whole duration of the movie. I can hardly believe it myself.I am not mentioning special effects - because there were none - if you ask me it was all real. Cameron took his camera team to another world inhabited by Na'vi. And that comes from a guy who knows effects by heart and is immune to most of the flashy trash we are served year after year. Avatar is one giant quantum leap to match.It's more than a movie, it is an experience. It is art. It is fantasy with emotions and important messages crucial to the world today. Give your inner child a favor, and believe the hype - you will not regret it. See it in 3D - words can't describe the feeling.You won't believe your eyes.

Wow.I just returned from seeing this movie in 2D, and it truly was fantastic. I plan on going back to watch it again in 3D, as I hear it is even better. Setting/Environment: 10/10 The setting in this movie is gorgeous. Absolutely fantastic. James Cameron really has created the most wonderful world I've ever seen. From start to finish the movie was simply visually stunning. If you're interested in seeing the most fantastic CGI ever presented, go see this movie.Characters: 10/10 Like all movies, the viewer must suspend reality a bit here and there to enjoy the full spectrum of what the movie has to offer. Avatar is no different - viewers trying to match the film to real life at every turn will walk away disappointed. Those who can relax a bit and invest themselves in the movie just a tad will find themselves become quickly attached to the characters as portrayed by a mostly great cast of actors. Sam Worthington is very convincing in his portrayal of a wheelchair-bound veteran who revels in his newfound freedom, and effectively carries the movie on his shoulders. I found it very easy to follow Sam's feelings and thoughts as the movie progressed. Overall, a great job with the characters draws the viewer into the movie even more.Plot: 8/10 Yes, the plot is nothing new. So what? This movie simply wouldn't have worked with an overly complicated plot line and lots of twists. The plot was not the theme of this movie. Rather than a story based film, it was a focused introduction to the wonderful world of Pandora. That being said, the story was delivered in a clear and enjoyable manner. The task of the story in this film is to give the viewer an easy to follow yet enjoyable ride that allows full appreciation of the visuals and characters, which are the main strong points of the movie. A few corny moments aside, it does exactly that. We all had that one book as a child that we knew by heart, yet read again. Like with that book, the familiar plot in this movie doesn't really take away from the movie, like many claim. And again like that book, the movie is thoroughly enjoyable even if you do see most of it coming. That being said, the movie certainly doesn't reveal everything at once. I still had questions in my mind about the resolution of the plot and the final development path of several of the characters when entering the last portions of the movie. Sure, it's not an Oscar winning story, but if you're willing to relax and not psycho-analyze it, it keeps you happy and entertained as you enjoy the other aspects of the movie.Overall: 10/10 Although this is not a mathematical fit to my rating breakdown, I feel that setting and characters should be weighted more highly than plot in this movie. Where it really tries the hardest, this movie succeeds in grand splendor. Do yourself a favor. Go watch it. Cheers!

Back in the summer when i first saw the trailer of this movie, i thought why not i don't see this, it seemed like a mass production blockbuster Alien movie, with 3D screen, but i was wrong.. This movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen in my entire life.The movie is delivering an idea, i didn't think that i will find great performances from the actors and actresses in this movie, i enjoyed every second in this movie, the details are just perfect and i really think that this is James Cameron's masterpiece... Sam Worthington as Jack Sully, did a great job in this movie as an ex marine on wheeled chair,from the moment he was connected to his avatar he managed to give the viewer 2 different characters and did them both perfect. and Zoe Saldana as Neytiri, she managed to deliver emotions(Happiness, Sadness,betrayed, loving) through a computer generated character, and i think that was awesome . Sigourney Weaver as Dr. Grace Augustine, she proved that she is a legend i really enjoyed what the art director did in this movie. i loved the every creature on the Planet Pandora, the soundtrack was awesome, i never though about been touched by two aliens in love. This is a must see movie, you cannot miss it, i rate it 10/10

Avatar is a beautiful and amazing movie on humans that set their feet on the planet of other creatures, the na'vi. The story is really gripping and the way the story has been told is award deserving. James Cameron is back with a bang after nearly a decade, and what a jump he has made of genres. From a romantic drama called Titanic, to a pathbreaking cinematic 3D experience called Avatar.While watching this movie, I was so involved with whatever I saw, just like Jake Sully, I started connecting with the world of the Na'vi, and felt anger when the humans starting demolishing it. This is the magic and affect of the storytelling of James Cameron. He uses the complete first hour to make the audience connect and create love for that earth-like world of the Na'vi, the creatures on the planet and the beautiful nature.The way James Cameron has written, handled and directed the story deserves accolades and awards, I have never felt this amazed by a movie before. Performances of the movie are of A+ class quality, even though the movie does not have big names yet, the characterisation of each and every actor is completely in sync with the characters of the movie. Sam Worthington has done a commendable job as Jake Sully, he is very convincing, and has honest expressions. Jake in his Avatar form is absolutely lovable, and has been executed perfectly. Zoe Saldana as Neytiri is beautiful, she truly looks like the princess of the race, and has done a remarkable job. The supporting cast is absolutely wonderful and very impactful.The dosing of humour is perfect, not too much, and not too less of it. The 3D special effects are a milestone in the history of 3D cinematic experiences. Never has any special effect involved me so much. The natural environment looks astonishing and absolutely beautiful, the way production has been designed is very peaceful. The creators of the exterior of this movie have done a commendable job.All in all, I can't describe my feelings for this movie in a review. You have to see this movie with your own eyes, you have to experience it in order to understand what Avatar has to offer. Go watch it, I guarantee you will not be disappointed. Avatar is quality product in all perspectives, a milestone in the history of cinema. Thumbs up!

First things first its a must watch movie. The only movie which I can compare with "Avatar" is "The Abyss" directed by James Cameron with similar blueish color lights effect and environment.James Cameron has proved yet again that he is a master in making groundbreaking movies. The graphics is superb but not overwhelming.As soon as the movie starts the viewer is exposed to a whole new world which feels so real and unbelievable. Did I say "Unbelievable", not at all, James Cameron makes the viewer completely believe that such world exists.At the end of the movie the viewer would want to be part of Navi's (residents of Pandora planet) rather than part of humans.Navi's live in balance with the nature unlike humans who don't given a damn about it. Nature is god for them.

What else can you say about James Cameron's Avatar than "wow?" The visuals are stunning and lead to a feeling of complete immersion incomparable to anything seen in the last decade. Ten years and hundreds of millions of dollars in the making, this film marks a culmination of technologies—the 3D experience and computer generated imagery. The last decade has seen visual effects dominated by computer created phantasmagorias which have led to greater flexibility in terms of directorial license and story-telling possibilities. Shots heretofore unheard of are becoming common-place, as the computer generated world of Pandora clearly demonstrates.Within moments of the opening shot, Avatar makes it clear that this will be a movie where the envelope has not only been pushed, but stamped, put in the mail, and delivered to a zip code on the other side of the galaxy. Minutes into the movie we as viewers are dropped into the jungles of Pandora and land in a quasi-military installation where a vast nameless corporation has set up a group of scientists and mercenaries to quell the native Na'vi. All of this is vast expense is undertaken to mine a mineral of unknown property which nevertheless sells for (presumably) incredible sums. (According to the movie "twenty-million," but with the economy the way it is and inflation over the next hundred and forty years, who knows?)Into this world is thrust our protagonist who is recruited to replace his (deceased) scientist brother on the Avatar Project. This is the brainchild of Dr. Grace Augustine (played by sci-fi legend and Cameron alumna Sigourney Weaver) who wishes to establish a repertoire with the natives by infiltrating their alien culture with artificially grown avatars, combinations of human and Na'vi DNA that look a lot like their human "drivers," but are nevertheless blue skinned and pointy-toothed Na'vi.The plot is pretty straightforward. Good guy discovers an affinity with the natives, uncovers a plot by the evil corporation (in this case their proxy, the mercenary commander played by Stephen Lang), teams up with the bows-and-arrows-wielding natives and through sheer willpower defeats the corporation. Through all of this the viewer is treated to a new world, a wholly invented (and quite inventive) ecology and population rendered in stunning detail that never fails to delight.None of these plot points are particularly novel and the specific details of foreshadowing are blatant enough that a conscientious viewer will at some point realize what will happen in ten or twenty minutes. But the spectacle of it makes these deficiencies less glaring than they could be. In fact, so engrossing is the movie that even when I noticed the narrative problems, I promptly dismissed them so I could settle back into the movie.Of particular interest though, is the way in which humanity is portrayed in this movie. Much ink has been spilled over the imperialist designs on Pandora, and the ham-handed way in which Cameron seems to pursue that theme; often these same complaints are addressed in the same paragraph as the very real criticism that Cameron lacks the characterization and plot depths that would make this a truly epic movie. To address those concerns, as a narrative, this is a plot driven story. That's all. As to the other complaints, a story like this must skimp on developing character in order to further its aim. Would you root for the underdog as heartily by the end if you had grown to love—or at least empathize with—several tangential characters soon to be killed in the uprising? Indeed, once the antagonist has been revealed as less the demon and more a human being driven by impulses and urges and rationalities that perhaps you even agree with, he loses your hatred. Military and political leaders throughout history have known this one simple fact, employed ably by storytellers: You must hate a man to kill him. Or in the case of Avatar, you must hate the antagonist to cheer for the protagonist.Similarly, when examining the anthropomorphous Na'vi I couldn't help but notice the references to the exploitation of the Indigenous American Population by American colonists (of many nationalities) and later the United States. Neither I, nor any of the sons of our fathers, can speak for the intentions of our fathers; we live with the consequences of their actions. Yet, we can learn from them. To this James Cameron seems most intent in the telling of his story. It is, in fact, the central theme.Innately we sense that it is unjust for the powerful to tread upon the powerless; it is a theme that echoes strongly with us, as cruelty seems often to have been perpetrated upon the weaker by the stronger. This feeling of injustice makes it easier to sympathize with, and then cheer for, the Na'vi uprising that eventually ousts humanity from Pandora.It is from this and themes like it that stories derive their power, for stories are the object lessons of morality, teaching us the value of justice, honor, love and hope. More than simply lessons, however, justice triumphing over the wicked, of love and honor victorious against violence and greed are tales which transcend their genre and medium. They resonate throughout history, reminding us of our place in the world, and of our place amongst ourselves. They are the myths that are told around fires, passed from mouth to mouth in an unbroken succession until they become legends placed on canvas screens suddenly rendered in depth by a brush made not of horse or camel hair but the digital wizardry of pixels and bits.But regardless of where and when they are told, it is the skill of the storyteller that paints pictures most vivid in our minds and allows them to transcend the bounds of time and resonate with us again. With Avatar, James Cameron has demonstrated that he is such a storyteller.

OK, to be honest, when my parents said we were going to see this movie I thought "Great, another rubbish fantasy movie".But then I saw the first half an hour, and I was blown away. Sure, the characters are a bit weird, but the special effects were amazing, the story line is clever, the acting was great and it was an action packed, romantic film that suits everyones taste (unless you like horror), and is a great family movie. The only fault is that the movie is a bit to long.I highly recommend watching this movie.9/10 stars

I saw this in 3D and this was a first for me. I was a little reluctant with that 3D thing before - with those glasses and all. But after watching the movie i was convinced i had witnessed a technical milestone in movie-making history. Even without 3D this one is breathtaking - and in 3D it is revolutionary. In fact - you have to see the movie to understand this at all. Do yourself a favor. If it is still shown in a theater hear you in 3D - go see it now. Everyone i have talked to who have seen it in 3D have been raving about it. Even those who rarely go to the cinema have been struck by it.The plot has been criticized a bit but i found no problems with it. It is not as deep or broad as, say LOTR, but it is as good as many other classics - like "Dances With Wolves", which i think it resembles most. This movie is in my top 3 of all time greatest movies.

OK I went to see Avatar but I didn't expect what was coming. Story was perfectly executed, visuals simply amazing and I just can't find anything bad about Cameron's latest work. I've found out about it about 6 months back, no I'm not a fanboy. I wasn't particularly hyped neither. Saying that...This is most likely the best movie I've seen in my whole life. It has everything and more. There has to be a continuation, or ideally Cameron should make a trilogy. It's just so good 2 hours 40 minutes spent on watching it felt like an hour. It doesn't matter what movies you like, whether you enjoy watching sci-fi or not - you just need to see it for yourself be it 2 or 3D and you won't believe how good it is.

I went to see both the IMAX and the non-IMAX 3D versions one after the other today and I say that IMAX 3D is really the best. IMAX is more 3D than the other. It probably is because of the screen size and the projection power. When you are sooo into the movie you forget that you are looking at a screen (the boundaries disappear). In the meeting scene where the Colonel was telling the attendees about the build up of Na'vis, I felt like I was there myself. (This maybe a spoiler alert) Now the movie. After this movie, the movie academy should already add new award categories like Best CGI Character (Male) and Best CGI Character (Female), etc.

The answer is a resounding, unequivocal, no! Do NOT "wait until it comes out on DVD" to see this film. This film must be seen in HD 3D. This is not to say that the film is carried by the CGI or other special effects, it just wouldn't be the same experience. And that's what this film is above all, an experience.Ever since I was a boy and watched in awe as Neil Armstrong took the first steps on the moon, I realized, with sadness, that humans would never visit another planet in my lifetime. I was wrong. My dream has been fulfilled. I didn't just see a movie about another planet, I was ON another planet. Avatar breathed life into the planet Pandora in a way no other movie has even come close to achieving.The detractors say, "well, Cameron cheated, it was all just CGI and special effects." That's like saying Van Gogh cheated when he painted 'Starry Night' because he used paint and brushes'. Yes, there were special effects, but those effects are just an empty canvas and a box of paints until a master like James Cameron applies the strokes so vividly, so beautifully, from his imagination to the screen. The same folks are calling it Dances with Pochahantas meets Ferngully meets Matrix meets blah, blah, blah. Why, because the story has classical themes that people have been drawn to since the time of the first cave drawings to Homer to Shakespeare? That's what makes them classics. Their truths are universal and enduring over the ages and cross-culturally.Should it win Best Picture? Absolutely, but comparing it to other movies in the Best Picture category is like comparing apples to Oldsmobiles. It's just not a fair fight. It's an experience, not just a movie.I could go on, but I won't. The acting was solid, but probably not in award contention. The writing, directing, art direction, aliens, life forms were compelling and fantastic. I will endeavor to see Avatar again before it leaves theaters. This movie may stay in theaters for another year, and if it doesn't it will be re-released in 2011 because it MUST be seen in the way it was shot and intended to be seen. Even the Flomax crowd will stay in their seats for the nearly 3 hour journey. Time flies when you are in another world.

James Cameron's Avatar. Oh the hype, the rumours and the budget.Whilst many saw the dizzying heights Cameron was willing to risk the few of us only saw the inevitable. This film would be a mega blockbuster.But ticket sales alone will not vindicate this movie nor will its budget or any other extravagant claims from Cameron. Truth be told is this film is average at best.For all the bark Cameron makes of making an alien world the use of cgi and humanoid aliens with the pseudo political overtones makes it feel more at home in the star wars universe. The so called groundbreaking effects feel to be in the same vein as new star wars trilogy with a whole world being constructed on the backdrop of green screen and even the movements, colours and gestures seem traceable to those movies. And yet the film has heavy stereotypes of natives like something out of the peter Jackson movies, in an epic 3d landscape with 2d stereotypical portrayals. just about every character in this movie fits the stereotype so much that the plot itself becomes derivative and utterly predictable. So when the preachy new age underlying message tries to appear we are left unmoved and unimpressed. The film itself might as well have been called George Lucas's and Peter Jacksons Avatar in 3d.But people and reviewers are raving about this movie claiming it to be the an artful masterpiece of cinematography. But were you ever in doubt that what you were looking at wasn't real? The CGI still has the unnatural tones and blitzy light so recognisable as computer generated. And the fluid movements and slight gestures still look unconvincing. just look at the earliest use of cgi in the movie for the humans just as the protagonist arrives. It looks nothing more than the opening for a ps3 game. The 3d manifests itself as particles that float between your field of vision rather that of any large moving cgi, this adds more realism and yet it doesn't really justify at revolutionary either based on the scale of its use.And just ask them about the plot and they say the same resounding thing, that it was predicable and then they simply pass that aside.Forgive me for thinking that films with a truly original plot and innovative ideas were what goes into making a good movie. Oh well i suppose because we now have avatar,dancing with wolves isn't as good anymore despite having class acting, beautiful landscapes and a genuinely emotional plot as it lacks cgi, marketing and 3D.But history will ultimately give the final verdict and as technology and cgi improve all you are left with is the story and the idea. And what seems quite clear is that Cameron attempted like many other to push the boundaries and make a foot mark and yet he has not achieved the title first for anything this movie offers.What seems clear from all this is a sad resigning fact of what people expect. They accept the films with no new concepts, big cgi budgets and heavy marketing. They applore the average. Average is indistinct and a waste of time at a running time of over two hours, a mighty one. The people watch what they're told almost to the point of being unthinking for themselves in quality.I would happily accept that it is an average movie but the straw that breaks the camel's back is that it isn't just the masses who support this movie, but even the long time reviewers.It seems everyone has adjusted their bar that much lower and are willing to support the status quo and remain in their comfort zone. The bold and different have been left silenced as the vocal vanguards turn tails.This film is momentous to one horrifically true fact; the stagnation and predictability of Hollywood.

I think this is the movie i've been waiting for a long time, simply excellent, tech is great, In Avatar, everything feels real – and it's as if you are immersed in the action. And what action. The final battle scene is 20 minutes long and absolutely mind-blowing.The SFX are impeccable and he uses them well. Instead of just shoving them in your face, he weaves them into the story beautifully, and they come off effortlessly. Actors and director's credit, the performances came through extremely well. It's amazing how much of the actors emotions you could see through their Avatar characters. Zoe Saldana gave an especially emotional and strong performance, and you never even saw her real face

There's literally no point to watching this movie in the standard 2-D format. The movie is special in 3-D because only then will the audience see all the nuance details and effects that were intended to be experienced by Cameron. The story is nothing special, albeit more realistic since the bad guys aren't really "bad" in the traditional Disney movie, cookie cutter sense. There are some environmental issues that one must wrestle with during and after the movie, but perhaps this is not a bad thing. That is not to say the movie's story is bad, it's quite good that I believed in the emotional depth of the characters who were essentially figments of someone else's imagination projected into digital reality. However, it could be better, and improving the content is a task that future filmmakers must face if they are to truly push the frontier. With that said, the main innovation of this movie is the 3-D storytelling which significantly enhances the movie-going experience. In Cameron's other work Titanic, there was a great "sunset." With Avatar, I hope this is the "dawn" of a new era in cinema.

this movie is a visual masterpiece. In essence a virtual magic mushroom trip if you have ever seen the allman bros in the beacon theater you will love the colors in this movie , the story was very emotive and there was a lot of subtext that involves our present and past worlds, basically I look at this movie as a message of love,and also as a labor of love .The bar has definitively been raised for other filmmakers , the 3-d is out of this world,the sound and background sounds were unreal and overwhelming , the actors were very well cast and filled their there parts extremely well. I was not disappointed,by anyones performance I consider this my greatest movie going experience And i'm 49 years old and have seen most of the hottest movies

What can I say but this movie is AWESOME.Even when there is no action, the story is so good that you will not be bored.The total time of this movie from start to the end with the credits is 3 hours long. Totally worth it.Story of humans trying to take from the natives of the planet, it shows/represents how humans of one race took from the natives of the plant.The only difference is that the mother earth is sentinel and powerful, which represents the natives faith (believes).How one person (in this case was two main characters but also several other small rolls) helps the natives to fight against the more powerful enemies (which were the humans), to me it represents humans helping another.James Cameron's story in this movie touched me emotionally and his directing shows how when one race stands united to fight for what they believe in, it could happen.The story line, action, visual effects, characters, cast chosen, animation as well as the sound effects were all excellent.If I could afford seeing this in the theater everyday, I would.Just like Aliens, Titanic, Terminator and other movies he has written, produced or directed, he was expected be do great with this movie. It is.I wish this movie gets all the nominations and awards in the Oscars. I know I'm being unfair to other movies.His talent is vast and imagination is wicked... I say this as a good thing.Too bad he wasn't the one who directed LOR or HP but I have no complaints about those movies, it was good but imagine if James Cameron and Steven Spielberg combined working on those movies, how would that have come out? I have no complaints about any of those since they are my favorites but this one tops all, even Down Periscope, which neither one of them had any dealings with.I can't wait for the DVD to come out. If I had a dream house and had a huge home movie/entertainment center/room with a home theater wide screen, this movie would be watched everyday and all my children would watch this or made to watch this, hahaha!The story is so great and the message is clear. It describes the human race, how we are and also shows a likeness to how the environment is. We mine for minerals, coal, gold, silver and many other things that is effecting the planet. The natives are shown as to how they live a simpler life and value lives.I also love the way James Cameron brings out the somewhat ancient animals similar to dinosaurs. I highly recommend this movie even to children. There's no violence, just family, friendship, environment and human relationship issues. He also integrated action, adventure, fantasy, science-fiction and romance. What more can one ask of him!

Quick..When was the last time you saw a movie that resonated with you and captured your imagination so viscerally that you could barely wait to see it again? Not sure about you guys, but in this day of cookie cutter, by the numbers, based on a graphic novel/comic book crap, I can honestly say I can't remember a movie that left such an indelible imprint . To say that the film, on a wholly visual level, is breathtaking would be woefully inadequate. I will just add my sentiments to the plethora of other reviewers and say that Avatar is like nothing, and I do mean NOTHING, I have ever seen. From the fully realized, lush and incredibly detailed environment of Pandorum to the incredibly lifelike cgi for the Na'vi humonoid race, all of Cameron's considerable talents as an effects wizrad of the first order are on full display here. Not since Smeagle in the Lord of the a Rings trilogy have we seen such startlingly lifelike and expressive cgi characters as the Na'vi. And Make no mistake, the Na'vi ARE the undisputed stars of this movie! Lithe,graceful,agile and capable of conveying intricate facial expressions and subtle emotions like nothing else ever animated, you'll find yourself almost forgetting about the actual human characters in the movie ( i agree with the critics who complain that they could've been fleshed out more) and savoring every single interaction between the aliens and Jake Sullys avatar. At nearly 3 hours long, Avatar is one of those rare movie going experiences that envelops you in such a way that you lose track of the time. Definitely not a movie that I'd take impatient childen under 8 to go see, but older kids will absolutely marvel at the cinematic acheivemant on display. And thus concludes my MANGUSHING for the year. Glad I saved it for such a film. Now go see it!

James Cameron's Avatar is the reason why I love movies. Avatar revolutionized my viewing experience once more just as Star Wars did.Starting with the plot and characters, others were right about the lack of originality in the story and some underdeveloped characters. I thought the characters weren't for us to know them but to 'feel' them. It was as if I was with Jake and Neytiri every step of the way, it was like a 'bond' as one of the movie's many themes suggests. I thought the story was told very well.I haven't seen Dances with Wolves but I could compare the film's story to Disney's Pocahontas. You could easily point out who is mirroring who and pretty much what's going to happen to them. Still, this was executed wonderfully that even if you knew where it's all going you still feel the thrill. Somewhere in the middle I lost my way for a while then quickly got back as things started heating up. I pretty much understand now why some people didn't like the movie for it's plot and character development. Overall having seen it my way, it's Epic. Acting is credible on both the live and computerized characters. The indigenous Na'vis looked and acted so real that you'd sometimes think them as better actors than the real ones. Not that the real actors did a bad job or anything like that.The visuals are nothing I've seen of before. I almost forgot to take a breath, my brain was stimulated to the awesomeness that is Pandora. A very unique and memorable experience. Ten years in the making resulted in nearly flawless detailing. It's worth every buck. This isn't just eye candy, it's an eye buffet.

Avatar is the best movie ever written, directed. just best film ever shot, the screenplay is just so imaginative, the cinematography is some of the most visually stunning images the eye can see. bottom line is this movie blows all others out of the water, it has the adventure action all the quirky Sci-Fi fantasies that any nerd or non nerd can fall in love with. there is also a little romance that warms the heart, and for a movie that has been in production for nearly or more than seven years, the end product more than exceeds any expectations given. i reiterate my previous statement avatar is absolutely the best movie ever made. now I'm sure there is someone out there who would say that this is a little presumptuous and that I'm following the wind that blows to popular opinion, but no anyone can agree that for a box office budget film this is the best movie ever made. refute this if want for this is an opinion, therefor you cannot. so *#*% You if you try.

It's hard to review Avatar without reviewing its fandom and its author's actions surrounding it. So I'm not going to try: I will review this movie based on the fact that people consider it to be revolutionary and powerful. Because not only has this movie turned out to be a blockbuster, it has received rave reviews as well. I expected the former and was flabbergasted by the latter.It has all the elements of a good blockbuster: spectacular visual effects, a clear black and white morality, attractive stars and fast paced action. But in my mind it completely misses any qualities that might make it a critical favorite. So why is it anyway? What am I missing? Roger Ebert claims: "It has a flat-out Green and anti-war message." Now some people would argue that this message is brought so over the top and corny that it ruins immersion and makes the story too ludicrously black and white. I would go a step further: this has nothing to do with actual environmentalism and pacifism. This is just pretense, symbolical politics that has nothing to do with actual issues.Enviromentalism is not about being against evil corporations, but about offering an alternative and working for that. It is not about "going back to nature" but about improving our current society in such a way that it becomes more sustainable. In short: worshiping hunter-gatherer societies is not environmentalism, but escapism. It is refusing to improve your own society and instead idealize another.Pacifism, similarly, is not about fighting with bows and arrows instead of tanks and helicopters. And it is also not about joining a society in which no individualism exists, in which everyone must submit to the greater goal. How is joining the other side in any way connected to anti-war? If this is really meant allegorically, should Western pacifists go to Afghanistan and start killing NATO soldiers? Of course not. Cameron doesn't make his heroes kill the soldiers as a metaphor for killing them in real life, but as a metaphor for "making them go away". Oh, wouldn't it be nice if there were no more imperialists? Well, sure. But stopping imperialism by non-violent means is hard and frustrating work, not glorious pwnage. Again, pure escapism. No attempt is made to reflect an actual solution to a problem, but an imaginary totalitarian solution is idealized.Cameron speaking in his imagined language at the Golden Globes was a wake-up call for me. Don't pretend this is anything more than a pipe-dream people. This movie doesn't have a message. It just has an illusionary solution that nobody would want in real life.Once that smokescreen is cleared I hope some people might see the plot for what it is: wafer-thin. We know next to nothing about most main characters, even by the end of this over 2 1/2 hour movie. Why does Jake accept losing his human body and family/friends? How did he really relate to his brother? Why does Michelle Rodriguez' character switch sides? Why are (almost?) all people working for the mining corporation American? Why does Neytiri prefer humans? How does that affect her self-image? How did a young pretender get to run the mining corporation? And why do the Na'vi accept being led by a human? I could go on... for a 3D movie the characters are spectacularly 2-dimensional. One would expect quite a few transformational scenes in a movie about physical transformation: scenes in which different characters mourn the loss of what they leave behind, or curse their dependence on what they're gaining. You know, as happens in almost every episode of say, Scrubs or Lost. It's a cheap trick, but it makes your characters sort of human. And their dilemmas real and insightful. Instead of pure distracting entertainment. If anyone involved accepted that there is no depth to this movie I guess I would give it a 6 or even a 7. As it stands, the pretense of meaning makes the distraction much worse.

I have been looking forward to seeing Avatar in 3D for some time now, so when I arrived at the IMAX theatre in Wimbledon on Saturday, my expectations were extremely high.Unfortunately this meant that I wasted the opening 5 minutes scrutinising every detail of the beautifully created 3D environment. Thankfully this was short-lived because once the story and characters grabbed my attention there was no looking back.I spent the next two hours and 40 minutes glued to my seat completely and utterly captivated by a truly unique and visceral experience that has left me aching for more.The basis of the story may not be the most original with similarities to 'Dances with Wolves' and to a lesser extent 'The Matrix', but this in no way impedes what is fundamentally a beautiful story of self discovery. The characters are engaging and the story is extremely well paced considering the length of the movie and at no time did I look at my watch and wonder how much longer the film had to go. In fact it was the opposite, as the story progressed I found myself worrying that it would end all too soon.I'm a huge fan of James Cameron so should not be surprised by just how good this film actually is, but the love and attention that has been paid to every single element of this film is evident, from the fantastic environment to the character relationships, it delivers on every level.Thank you James Cameron for giving us such a beautiful work of art, it really is something quite special.In case you didn't get the message: DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE.

For some reason I decided to read the "Hated It" comments before writing my own. Almost without exception this pompous crowd opined that AVATAR was merely "eye candy" and nothing else; e.g., so-so script, acting, storyline, ending, etc."Eye candy" has been an feature of film for awhile now, only somewhere about 100 years, when audiences gasped at the moon beings in " A TRIP TO THE MOON". It was certainly scary candy to the early 20th century viewers who ran out of the theater when the train directly approached them on screen. We were still eating movie "candy" when the Mighty Kong climbed the Empire State Building. The rubber suited creatures in "THE TIME MACHINE" had me afraid for weeks. I also caught a buzz on the film that journeyed into the human body in a yellow submarine, certainly a thoughtless piece of fluff. Personally my ignorance is demonstrated by having loved, at 12 years old, a"JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH" and other Jules Verne adaptations, not to mention just about any other flick starring dinosaurs, space creatures and dudes from beyond the grave.I might also point out an relatively unknown director named Steve Spielberg who has produced an abundance of mediocre fodder full of tricks and sentimental effects that captivated and pulled tears from a sap like me. It seems you cerebral brainiacs see right through those gimmicks that have me leaving the theater with tears and/or smiles.Why, I should've told my kids to dry those eyes and/or wipe those smiles off their faces and get down to some serious business!Message to the snob egghead crowd who believe themselves above a jolly good time. Stay home. Most of us wouldn't enjoy meeting you anyway. Apparently you were born 30 years old, infertile and over educated. If by some some chance you academics managed to actually parent a pre-teen who you took to the movies and who remained enthralled by AVATAR for the rest of the day, be sure to sit him/her down and instruct your son/daughter that such was just industry junk. I'm sure he/she will be the better for it.PS: To you nerds who believe me a complete idiot, Read some of my reviews on low budget domestic dramas and other stuff. You see, I really want to pretend I'm as smart as you guys. But you know better because I liked AVATAR.

If you are 10 years old this film will probably move you. If you are older and remember movies like "Broken Arrow", "little Big Man", "Dances with Wolves", "A Man called Horse", then the plot will seem very familiar to you in fact, slightly hackneyed. It's really cowboys and Indians in space. And let's not forget that most of it is a cartoon.It has massive special effects that are impressive. It has great surround sound. It has 3D. 3D is nice but I don't feel that it has reached it's potential yet. I may be in a minority but so far I find 3 D to be inferior to a well directed well photographed normal film.But if you can get past the plot that is so familiar (to adults) as to remove all suspense from the movie then it will be OK. If you take your children to it I am sure they will enjoy it. And it will be a nice diversion for them for a couple of hours.Is it great movie art? Is it a breakthrough? NO. It's "ok".

Here's my problem with Avatar: I like believable dialogue and originality.First off - don't expect Avatar to be anything you haven't seen before. I've had "Colors of Wind" stuck in my head since viewing it last night because it seemed like all the plot points were stolen from Disney's Pocahontas. Simply turning the Indians blue and putting them on a different planet doesn't make it an original concept.Secondly, the dialogue is so riddled with clichés that it was distracting for the first 1.5 hours until the awesome visual effects were able to outweigh the storyline. Calling the Na'vi "Savages" and the humans "Sky-people" only served to underline the script's banality.This is not even to mention the one dimensional characters like Colonel Quaritch who is so hell-bent on destroying the planet Pandora that he'd sacrifice thousands of soldiers? Not to mention his entire verbal catalog seems taken from Bush platitudes: "Shock and Awe", "Pre-emptive strike", "Fight terror with terror." This movie kept me engaged and was definitely a step above the average action-adventure blockbuster. However, don't be fooled into thinking it's anything more than that.

Lets clear the air first, Avatar is one of the greatest if not the greatest film ever made on a large scale.Even though the CGI was state of the art and is to this date unmatched, as opposed to 2012 it was not just an engine to impress the audience with its cgi, it adds another to the dimension to the story telling which was actually magnificent to say the least. Yes i know people have said it is a copy of other stories such as Dances with Wolves, Pocahontas, Alien, it doesn't matter it is completely irrelevant, James Cameron makes this story his own. As soon as pandora was shown i was completely sold, absolutely breath taking shots. I was taken back to my child hood, i could feel myself welling up with tears as it gave a sense of awe and wonderment i had not felt in years. The story was completely balanced, it embodied everything we love james cameron for, emotion, empathy, character development and everything else. to be honest its really difficult to try and explain in such small gap the entire spectrum of this film and everything it contains, don't ask just watch it.

I saw the movie in 3D. It was a night I was very sad because of bad family news, I was doubtful if to use the long time booked tickets. I have to say that during the movie I completely forgot all my troubles, I was in another world, much better then the real one, full of magic things and landscapes. This movie for me is a fantastic journey, that let your heart flight free in your child's fantasy. I think Cameron and his staff have done a fantastic job, writing a new page in movie history. I don't care the plot is not new, I like if good wins over the evil, but this is a true masterpiece, the future of movie will change. The 3D in the future could be improved.

"Avatar" is, for all intents and purposes, hardly on the same level of visual medium as a "film". It is, it was, to me, an experience. An experience that I happened to witness in a movie theater (luckily enough in an IMAX 3D theater)...and during this experience I laughed, I cried, I got angry, I got excited, but most of all, I was entertained. Entertained, entertained, entertained.I knew going into the theater that Avatar would be cliché. I did. And I didn't care one bit. I was too preoccupied with the mind-blowing experience before me to care about how stupid a line was or how well I could predict the plot. With Avatar, it really doesn't matter. And to say this film would be nothing without its effects is like saying orange juice would be nothing without the orange. In other words, the effects cannot be separated from the film, NOT BECAUSE the effects make the film, but because story and effects go hand in hand in hand in hand in hand in a way that is not only appealing to the eye, but for the most part, the hearts of the mass audience.In a way, Avatar's plot not being the most original thing in the world was a good thing. Suppose it did have some wonderfully complex story - would I have enjoyed it as much? Probably not. It doesn't make Cameron lazy for not using original ideas...I mean, Pandora itself is pretty original for film-making (name a movie where a world has literally been created). This is the man who dreamed up the idea for Terminator, we know he has original plot ideas, he didn't need to prove that to us with Avatar.Avatar is probably the greatest film experience, ever.

I am aware of there will always be critics. but I have read some reviews with a lot of critic. And I must say, you disappoint me guys. A lot of people says, that because of the movie took 12 years from the writing to the finish, it could not live up to its expectations. I simply hate the word expectation. Would it have been any better if it only took 5 years to make? lets say you had not heard of the movie, and you went to the cinema to watch it. Tell me, would it have been any better then? And by the way the 12 years was not just 12 years of film making. it included expanding the technology of 3d and other. If Avatar is gonna be followed as predicted, it will take much less years, because the graphics and the characters is already perfected.I have also heard that some people thinks that the plot and dialog was too unoriginal. If it is not original, there is a reason why it has been used in other movies (and works), and why take the chance after 14 years of hard work, if people don't find the originality any good. (By the way, I think that there are a lot of originality to offer in this movie.) The movie did not leave you with any tricky thoughts or exciting mystery which has been solved. That kind of movie, can i only watch the first time being excited about it. I could kill to watch avatar again(not literally), because of the super effects and the many emotions all around the film. at last I want to say that the 3d was brilliant, and the actors performed flawless. Good job James.9/10. And i am not even a Sci-Fi fan. But James Cameron also likes to call it an Action-Adventure-Fantasy ;)

I went to see Avatar this afternoon in 3d, and I must say; it was simply one of the most mind-blowing experiences I've ever been subjected to. The special effects were completely out of this world, and the attention to detail was astounding. Pandora is absolutely beautiful and it's crazy to understand that someone had the imagination to create such out-of-this-world imagery. The story-line was strong, and the characters where easily relate-able. What I believe to be, completely original piece of film-making, and a template for many movies to come. The three hours weren't a drag either, I was never bored. Fantastic Performances by Sam Worthington and Zoe Salander as well as an impressive supporting role performance from Giovanni Ribisi I suppose there's nothing more I can say thank to tell you to watch it and see it for yourselves!

It's a pretty risky bet but for me is the best film at the visual of the story so far, has set a precedent setting a new level of credibility in the sense of reality and naturalness of 3D being capable of displaying a digital reality as credible as the reality of the real world but there are also limitations that are apparent when the amount of digital creations screen is very high producing some CGIs little expressive and replicated, a perfectly logical thing on the other hand in a technology that has just taken off and the he still has much to develop to get to graze their limitations, the spectacular contrasts found in the faces and amazingly realistic foregrounds. I can not believe how people gives 1 point of qualification. Have seen the movie?

My family and I were completely blown away by this film - more, rather, a film EXPERIENCE like no other that has been in the cinema before. It was absolutely spell-binding, and especially in 3-D and shown on the largest IMAX screen in London, England. Moreovoer, my wife and I found it not only a totally gripping film experience but also to be a very emotional film and story indeed.My strongest advice to anyone wishing to see this film is this: DO NOT read anything about the film or its story before you go to the cinema. Simply, DO NOT. Instead, go the cinema with a 'blank canvas' of a mind and allow the film and its magical story to wash over you and unfold.Interestingly and throughout, I spotted how this film, in a review, could also be called "Avatar" meets "A Man Called Horse" meets "Jurassic Park" meets "The Lost World" meets "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee". That is, put simply, there is clear evidence in the film how certain cultural influences have obviously had an effect on the director James Cameron over the years. As such, he deserves all the credit and congratulations he receives for such a truly masterful work. And in a couple of months' time, the film should walk away with any number of well deserved Oscars.

The truth is the bad reviewers of this film, on IMDb, try to pin Avatar to some other movie saying it isn't original. Well I ask, if it isn't original then why cant you place it on one movie. The truth is the Movie Avatar is a mixture of Aliens, Terminator, Titanic, Ferngully(its not a bad thing) and Pocahontas. Not Dances with wolves(beyond boring movie) like so many people have said.Avatar doesn't gross 300 million Dollars in one weekend and then another 300 million the next because its an "ok film" its a master piece and James Cameron knows it.I only had one gripe with one character the mining operation leader.10/10 Its a movie you shouldn't miss.

I am a huge fan of James Cameron. I love all of his movies that he's directed....even this one. This movie was truly amazing. Truly! But it did have some slow scenes and sometimes I felt it was 40-50 mins too long.The story was well told...it was very different. Trying to keep it where it very real and not trying to make it so over the top where the audience just goes "That is not the future at all." This could happen in hundreds of years from now. Very believable stuff.The acting was fantastic. Even Michelle Rodriguize was fantastic! Every character served a purpose. No one ever felt pointless or left out. What I also liked about the movie is that even the action scenes (including fight scenes) were never overdone and it didn't try too hard to make it so action packed. Everything was just perfect...again...except the pacing.Excluding the slow pacing....this movie was fantastic. Fantastic last fight scene too! This movie is pure imagination! I hope it at least wins one Oscar. It should be nominated for 12 Oscars lol.8/10

I struggle to understand the furore surrounding this movie. The story line could only be described as painfully banal; I couldn't even draw satisfaction from guessing which cliché was going to be drawn upon next.Sitting in the theatre, I quickly established that the script was something that I could have written in high school, and realised that the only way I was derive any pleasure from the movie was based on the presentation. Sadly, I was to be disappointed in this respect also. I couldn't form any connection with the characters due to the overwhelming cheesiness of the whole set-up, in the same vein that I largely ignore pop songs due to being unable to shake the feeling of an executive in the background, whispering that they want my money. With this roaring schism between myself and the happening on-screen, I am unable to judge the impact of the synergy between soundtrack and the picture.Overall, I was simply bored and am exasperated that masses of intelligent adults can be moved by what essentially boiled down to a flashy light-show; simply a vehicle for exploring the potential of special effects. To clarify, I am not opposed to special effects on principle, however I AM STRONGLY opposed to special effects being the main focus of a movie. The Matrix used special effects cleverly, to supplement, explore and enhance understanding of an intriguing and thought provoking plot. Compared to that masterful integration, Avatar felt to me like an attempt to build a palace on a swamp. It failed because it lacked a solid foundation.

A while back while watching the teaser trailer of the movie, I started to wonder what the hell it was. I immediately jumped on the "I hate Avatar" bandwagon even though I wasn't aware of the story.Fastforward to the present day. The only reason I watched the movie was because I have not watched a 3D movie before. I was pleasantly surprised & came out wanting to watch the movie again & again.As the other comments have said, this movie is an experience. It has a little of everything & you experience everything between laughter & sorrow, hope & despair, love & loss. I believe in the movie so much that I had to write a review (my first ever).

I would like to ask a question: is there someone in the audience who witnessed the first coming of 3D in the sixties? I would really like to read some reactions from adults back then. (Not just for the sake of comparisons, technological or others. I am not even sure if it is cultural the same way, cultural differences aside.)It surely is sweeping. It is mind-numbing in a way, or more ways if you will. Yet the audience reacted in a strange way, I mean the audience from Athens, Greece, where I saw the film, 3D and all, and this is what I would like to share, since everybody will make his own experience on watching the film, and then will react to the reviews. So, this is it: let's say that the film risks to get short-circuited into an allegory of a choice between the "real" and a virtual reality, with the hero switching between "bodies", like in a game, as some detractors would probably say. My question was: when the point comes, for it was galloping towards us in the climax, will the hero choose his invalid body and thus validate his existence as a hero, or regress to the virtual realm and as such deliver us to the deadlock of a fantasy world? Although this remains unresolved in a way at the end, even titillating us with the promise of a sequel, and here I go back to the bizarre reaction from the audience, are we sure we want to go to the end of our fantasy world? It surely is entertaining, but is it all the way?When Neytiri saves Jake Sully from suffocation, and they, then, just before the end, meet for the first time "as they really are", the audience burst out laughing, as if this was gruesome and incongruous for the sake of the love story. As if everything else in the story could be awesome, or agenda-ridden, but not what happens between a male and a female, even though, well, they are of a different species. It reminded me of a TV ad that appeared some years now - girl wanders in the woods, encounters a frog, kisses frog, frog becomes prince, prince looks somewhat dubiously girl, kisses girl, girl becomes beer, he drinks beer. You guessed it, the ad was for a beer. So, the question I would like to pose is: what does a beer taste like on Pandora, is the gist of the film?Please tell me.Open my eyes.

A lot of words has been written so far in relation to Avatar so it makes no sense to write the same again. I fully agree with people who claims that this particular movie lacks innovative plot, subtle script an so on. But who cares?! The sole purpose of this movie was to introduce REALLY stunning visual effects and the purpose has been achieved in 200%. Leaving the cinema I felt like 30 years before when I saw Star Wars for the first time. And I don't care if others claim Avatar is shallow in terms of intrigue.I made however quite interesting observation. I have scanned through opinions of people who rated Avatar 0 of 10. More then 30% of "worst" opinions has been written by people who did it for the first time. Another 30-40% has been written by those who previously have written maybe 3 or 4 opinions. It was also quite interesting to see what kind of movies they referred to. I have found maybe 2 or 3 persons whose attitude was quite "stable". They had also write quite negative opinions for other SciFi movies - well I can understand that. They do not like this kind of art. I have found however one person who knocked me down. He has given Avatar a 0 score and at the same time rated Transformers at 7 or 8. With all due respect Transformers are in every aspect inferior to Avatar. Special effects - fine but Avatar is a class for itself. Screenplay - give me a break. Transfomers are so childish, infantile I couldn't bear some parts of it. And finally actors. Avatar is not outstanding if acting is concerned but at least there are no superheroes like MacGyver able to defeat a huge army of adversaries with a lighter or swiss knife.

This is no doubt a great piece of cinema. The visuals are gorgeous and the effects are incredible and on a whole, this is by far worth the admission price.That being said, the plot is thin and the characters are thinner. The foreshadowing is often shoved in your face and there is little exploration into what could have been wonderfully unique characters. Essentially, the plot is the Last Samurai on a distant planet. The characters are stuck somewhere between honoring Native American culture and insulting it.If this were just some run of the mill Hollywood flick, those things would be easy to overlook--or at least forgivable. In a movie that was over a decade in the making, costing more than almost any other film, and introducing such glorious cinema, it's just a real shame that everything to do with the script was so carelessly put together.Again, see it. If these things don't bother you, you are very lucky and will end up having one of the best cinematic experiences of your life. If they do bother you, you'll nonetheless love the ride. But don't believe the reviews that don't see past the imagery. There's more to film than that.

I defy anybody who claims that Avatar is merely worthy of a 1* rating. Anybody who cannot enjoy the epic experience that is Avatar is uptight and too serious. I saw Avatar at the IMAX in London and it was utterly amazing. I have seen it twice (both times at the IMAX), and worried that the second time round would be boring and predictable, I was amazed to find that I enjoyed it EVEN more than I had the first time. I noticed so many more things that I had not seen the first time round.I think that criticism of the storyline itself, the Na'vi language, it's predictability etc. should not even be considered or explored - the film is incredible, and I would only recommend seeing at at the IMAX.The attention to detail in this film is just phenomenal - right down to little flies going across the very bottom of the screen, and the illusion of an x000ft drop. If you didn't enjoy Avatar then I presume that you don't enjoy a great number of things in life. It is a film, and a make-believe story and I think that it is vital to remember this, rather than critically assessing the faults of the language etc.Still amazing to see, and still showing at the IMAX. Go and see Avatar!

Just a quick preface and caveat before continuing. I am NOT giving this a rating of ten for great story, script writing or acting (farrrrrr from it). I'm simply giving Avatar a ten for no other reason than it will be remembered as the 3D film that launched a new era in cinematography and movie making. That's it. Too much carping from the Cannes Film Festival crowd about it being crap because of it's shallow storyline (wading pool shallow, actually) and being a rehash of a classic theme (which it is). Really guys......do you go to a Spielberg or Cameron movie for depth? Even their attempts at serious stuff turns predictably melodramatic and overripe regardless how naturally serious the original material might be (Titanic, Shindler's list, Munich......etc.). For goodness sake, don't go to see these guys' work for anything more than sheer FANTASTIC (not to be believed, literally and figuratively) entertainment and an affective purge (have a good cry and heart thump).Now to business. The plot line is blatantly simplistic, yet classic: foreigner meets primitives, ulterior motives, love affair with chief's daughter (sleeping dictionary / Dances with Wolves themes), then betrayal, epiphany, motives change to altruistic, rescue of primitives, becomes one with the primitives.....you know the drill. Any other movie and that would be the "mother of all spoilers", but for this eye candy of a presentation the story is almost irrelevant.However, despite the predictable plot and storyline, this visual banquet has to be seen to be believed. I don't think I'll be able to watch a TV or DVD / Blue ray rerun without 3D enhancement technology. I guess that's the whole point: get us hooked on this stuff (no comparison to flat lander cinema for action movies) and then bring on the 3D TVs / Blue Rays / AV / etc. Lastly, 3D may inevitably be prerequisite for superior action and sci fi cinema, as well as sports, but it will NEVER replace or usurp the fundamentals of good movie making and acting. Personally, I don't want to see ANY of the classics remade in 3D (I didn't even like colorization......more like "bastardization"). 3D is just a cool tool; that's all. So you puritans out there......just relax! See a good proctologist, lay down, roll over and say AHHHH! He'll have that CFF corn cob out of there in no time. Then you can enjoy life again. P.S. that last bit with the hanging O2 mask and last grasp / gasp scene was just way too "Spielberg" for this kid. That kind of stuff doesn't make my heart pound, it makes my blood boil.

I watch an average of 5 movies a week, some in cinema some not. So that makes about 250 movies a year, been watching for 4 years actively. As a side note; I got laid thanks to this movie, the romance part is ideal for surprise kiss... (tip,tip)Avatar 3D got into my top 10 list of all time movies, not only because of visual aspects but ALSO because of its breathtaking action and storyline. I have .. never seen any movie with a similar plot. Sure there are a scene or two which could have been written better, but I can say that for every single movie. And that doesn't make a movie bad.Many people claim that it is clichéd, got bad musics.. predictable etc.My answer: - Predictable it is in some parts, but that is a GOOD thing, you can expect something great to happen and when it happens it is more breathtaking than when something happened you did not predict and causes you to miss it. There are a lot of twists in plot you do not predict! In fact, I have been watching it now 3 times in cinema and I still find new stuff to spot and still don't remember the whole plot. I know how it began and how it ended, but middle is quite blurry which gives the movie a good re-watch status.Musics are fine, sure those could be better but when I watched my third time this in cinema not even then did I focus on the music's quality. It is good, not bad, not the best.Clichéd.. Nah. Only thing I recognized as cliché was the survivability in the end and the part where the romance began. Other than that, people have to point me out those clichés they claim there to be as I didn't notice.Something bad about movie is that not every computer generated scene were .. how to say, polished to the end. Some were blurry and in general FPS lagged behind my eyes so I managed to notice this is not real but since I work with 3D drawing every day I have more eye for mistakes than most but to consider more than 2 hours of this movie is partially computer enhanced things are pretty damn impressive. They should have finished it up tho so -0.2 points for that.9.8 in total. (-0.2 came from graphics and I never give 10)Conclusion: Great movie, go and donate. Shines when watched in 3D. Small flaws that can be accepted.

The effects are pretty decent. This is 3d done right, no scaring the audiences with sudden jabs and scares. This is 3d simply done right and that's it.I suspect that James got lost in his love for his 3d toys that he simply closed shut Pandora's story box. And same goes for characterization, two of my most beloved treasures of a movie. Both, the story and characterization are pretty weak. Who is Jake as a person. Who is Colonel miles and why cant he find a shirt with sleeves in an air conditioned facility? So many unanswered questions, so much of lost potential. James, you started out well, with the whole Avatar /gaming/ concept, but lost the mojo quite early.The acting is uninspiring. I don't even think anybody even tried.Attempt to make Zoe's avatar attractive does work some times, reminds me of Angelina Jolie's flirtatious fish avatar Lola in Shark Tale .One easy story flaw was that when the Colonel shoots the choppers they are bullet proof but arrows go right thru??!! And whats up with Zoe's aviator flying goggles, they actually have glass/plastic lenses in them!!! Way to go for a civilization which has not even figured how to cook the food they eat!!!Avatar almost felt like Kaena redone on a handsome budget.One small question that remained unanswered by me was how was the avatar connected to the human body? Was there a wireless link? And then the next level, how was the avatar powered? Kind of important questions, especially if you think of body/avatar swaps that happen towards the end.This movie was OK fun for first time viewing. Did actually enjoy the effects and the 3d but I will not watch it again. Sorry James, this might break a lot of movie records, but, for me, it can never sink to Titanic heights!2012 remains as the undefeated special effects movie champion of 2009 for me.______________________Now, here's what I would have changed if I was in control.* Shorter and crisper storyline, this film goes on and on (at least it shouldn't seems that way) * Get rid of the tails on the Navi, I guess its a matter of personal choice, I am not much if a tail person (at least not on humanoids) * Get rid of the flying mountains thingy (No crouching tiger, No hidden dragon and No flying mountain) * Somehow, in our fictional worlds, we always tend to associate technological advancement with evolution of intelligence of a species. The Navi, without a single iPod to their credit, are hence shown as simple folks. I would depict them with greater levels of intelligence in a more Yoda like wiseness who simply chose not to pursue technology.This entire review was originally posted on my movie review blog: http://roundhayreview.blogspot.com/2010/01/avatar.html

Many reviews have stated that Avatar is unoriginal, that it is simply 'Dances with Wolves' in a different planet. Reviews who have stated this, also mention that the script is weak and that the characters need to be developed. I have realized that there are really two main viewpoints to those who have seen the film: 1) you observed and focused the ups and downs of the film (like a reviewer) 2) you did not observe and focus, instead you watched and 'lived' it. Now that I have put this into perspective, I believe the reason why many of the reviews state that the story is unoriginal, the script is weak etc. is because the reviewers fail to experience the film in its entirety. Reviewers are paid to review, their job is to highlight the ups and downs of a film, focusing and scrutinizing every detail. With Avatar, reviewers are not going to pay the film its full appreciation because they lack what is necessary to enjoy this film, which is to leave behind their ready and prepared criticisms. For those who had a viewpoint as no. 2... Well done! You appreciated the film as a whole, and truly did experience living in Pandora for two and a half hours, and that's what Cameron intended for his audience-to immerse themselves in this fascinating world of Pandora and experience the sorrow, laughter, anger and joy while watching Avatar. It is truly a film like no other, and what a film it is. Well done, Cameron, for delivering us another masterpiece.

The ground shook, and the crowd cheered. They wept. They gasped. They laughed. And finally, they applauded. What they experienced was something only a master can make, an adventure so spellbinding, so memorable, and so exhilarating that it's worth holding your bladder for almost 3 hours to sit through. It's worth tearing up behind 3D glasses. It's worth admitting that to your friends later. Finally, it's worth telling people that you saw this movie. I'm lucky to say I was a part of that group.Can anyone possibly set the bar higher than James Cameron? I think the only one who can set the bar higher is Cameron himself. He described it as his masterpiece, and that it is. Make no mistake: when seeing Avatar, know that you're witnessing cinematic history. Something directors like Peter Jackson only flirted with, Cameron mastered. Not only is Cameron's creation of a character astounding, but what truly sets Cameron apart from the rest is his ability to create a whole new world, where you can escape to, learn from, and bond to. At first, you'll be asking a lot of questions. "Who's he?", "What was that?!", "Is that real, or CGI?". But soon after...I can't say at what point, because I imagine it being different for each viewer, you'll become immersed in Cameron's beautiful Pandora, as he opens the box and reveals a beautiful new world to us as viewers.There are two kinds of Visual Effects, in my opinion. The first kind is the "Transformers" kind. These effects are the kind that wow you with their showy exterior, but are just there for entertainment. The second kind is the kind that enhances the background, works within a setting, and improves the overall viewing experience. Cameron did it with Aliens. He did it with Terminator 2. He did it for Titanic. And now he's done it again. At this point, he's just showing off. Cameron's incredible immersion into the world of Pandora is what makes it work. Without it, this is just some other alien movie. Cameron's impeccable attention to detail, such as whenever our characters are roaming through a forest, or flying on a winged beast...this is what gives the movie its life, its energy...which is what the entire theme and point of the movie is. Life is connected through us all, and Cameron's incredible work will bond every viewer through their love of movies and the very escapism Cameron provides.You'll notice that I've spared you a plot description. I believe this movie is best viewed with little or no knowledge. It helps with the immersion. Don't watch a trailer. Don't read a synopsis. I will say, however, that the true stars of the film are Zoe Saldana and Stephen Lang, who will undoubtedly go down as two actors who played their classic-in-the-making characters to perfection. Yeah, the screenplay is not a truly original product, and the film does play out in a semi-formulaic fashion...but this doesn't matter. It's the experience of Avatar that will move you, by what you're seeing, what you're hearing...and what you're experiencing. A beautiful score makes this seamlessly edited film flow even better, while the colors of the movie, so bright and vibrant, assure the viewer that they're about to have the most unique movie-going experience of their lives.I can't really recommend an experience like this more than I already have. I was on another planet for almost 3 hours. This is truly a movie to experience, a movie that makes us glad that we live in these times. It's the best motion picture of 2009, and one of the most revolutionary, immersing, and incredible movies ever made. I can say this without a doubt. Do not miss this.

Someone in my household rented Avatar by James Cameron for $1 via Red Box DVD.Reluctantly, I watched this piece of liberal, tree-hugging subversive, propaganda. I cannot believe that this is the biggest grossing motion picture of all time and that it was nominated for (and won) a plethora of awards.Here's the deal in a nutshell: All Americans/white people are evil and native peoples are good, noble, peaceful, and in tune with nature. Got it?The climactic battle is intended to bring the audience to cheer for those enemies killing US Marines and the traitorous humans who are helping them. Uhhh... go Taliban?The tired, Liberal story of the evil white devils losing their souls as they rape and plunder an innocent world for its mineral wealth is about as cutting edge as a dull baby spoon.And, even as these anti-American propaganda films go, this one is particularly poorly written, directed, acted, and the CGI is unremarkable as well. James Cameron has sunk to a new low - even for James Cameron.The names of things in the movie and the ridiculously transparent "symbolism" would be laughable if it wasn't so pathetically treasonous in a time of war.Planet: "Pandora" (or "Pandorum" - whatever). Are you kidding me? Boy, we opened a real Pandora's box here... Please! Mineral being sought: "Unobtainium". Really? So, we are supposed to be surprised when it turns out to be... unobtainable?I could go on with the Pentagon-shaped emblems and Human compound, but I just don't feel like it.Anti-Hero Jake Sully is supposed to be a disabled US Marine but they got the cardboard Sam Worthington to pay him without even the effort of trying to cover his British accent. The cartoon-like "Kill 'em All" Marine Colonel Quaritch is played with somnambulism by the obviously Soap-Opera-trained Stephen Lang. It appears he spent all of his prep time in the gym, because it sure wasn't on acting. The greedy corporate stereotype Parker Selfridge (Selfish?!?!) was phoned in by the usually talented Giovanni Ribisi. These actors should be ashamed of themselves. I know: "Crying all the way to the bank." But would you betray your country for thirty pieces of silver (even at today's prices)? Oh, that's right: Worthington isn't American, so he doesn't give a rat's rear-end that people will cheer for dead US Marines.Let me guess: This movie was written by brace-faced teenage girls in the Mall, right? If you are a real American, and claim to "support our troops," you would be well-advised to stay away from this movie and anything Cameron does from this point forward. He is a Left- wing traitor to his country and is not even very good at that.

A truly brilliant film making success that has set an entirely new level for films across the planet. The 3D experience was truly inspiring and has set a new benchmark for other film makers across the globe. Others have now changed their plans and tried to put their films into a 3D quality but it can never really match it. Stephen Lang should have won the Oscar for for best supporting actor and Zoe Saldana should have won best actress. The academy have really lost the plot this time. This is the Best Motion Picture not only this year but for the past decade. The Hurt Locker got the sympathy vote because it made next to nothing.

The last time I thought a movie deserved a 10 star rating was " The Color Purple "; unfortunately we've had a plethora of bad to mediocre movies that have been made recently. Avatar takes the spotlight for excellence, innovation, creativity, character design and a legion of other qualities. The thing I noticed most about Avatar is the beautiful graphics the attention to detail; I also noticed with sheer awe is how well the actors and actresses acted out their part. Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldana were absolutely spellbinding in their roles; Zoe Saldana made me look at her acting ability in a different light with her playing Neytiri. She played a very compassionate, and mundane role in the movie so well that she should be awarded an Oscar along with Sam Worthington. Everyone played out their part awesomely; Avatar is easily one of the best movies made in the history of cinema. James Cameron is an absolute genius at work people; I look forward to similar quality movies made by this man.

Seriously: 1. The soundtrack - Pretty standard 'epic-jaw-dropping-orchestra' fare, nothing particularly new here.2. The effects - OK. Let's be clear: I'm a professional Software Engineer with a hand in computer graphics (specifically, high end visualization of geological volumes) so I've made a lot of pretty pictures myself, and know how a lot of Avatar was made. I've seen a lot of CG, some of it good, a lot of it bad.The effects in this movie are nice, and large parts of this movie are basically render porn, specifically some of the volumetric effects (the water, smoke, dust), some of it isn't that impressive (some of the surfaces just look downright plastic, particularly that huge gunship thing), and some of it REALLY isn't that impressive (external shots of the spaceships at the start made me cringe).If we look at it as a matter of scale, this movie is hardly ground breaking: For $237,000,000 you can buy a LOT of computing power. Throw enough money, time and manpower at any computing problem and you'll get something purdy.If you want to talk about pioneers, read about the founder of Pixar, Edwin Catmull; he is one of the guys who made hard things easy. This movie looked nice, but it DID cost $237,000,000 so if it did look crummy, someone would have probably been kneecapped.3. The 3D - 3D isn't new, I don't know why people are so excited. The process they used is a good many years old, and has been used for far less hyped movies. At the start of this movie I went 'wow, this is interesting' and about 10 minutes later I stopped caring, like everyone else I saw this movie with. Kudos though for not making half the audience vomit with nausea.4. The storyline - I just read that James Cameron wrote the script in two weeks. I wonder if he wrote if after watching Fern Gully? The storyline has a pretty heavy liberal bias, 'military bad, environment good, let's all hug a tree' type stuff, been there done that. It's neither particularly insightful of thought provoking; if you believe this stuff you'll swallow it whole, if you hate it you'll really hate it, and if you're after something thought provoking (duality of man), you'll be left severely disappointed.The other problem I had was that at times the need for visual spectacle overtook both storytelling and pacing in priority, a large portion of Avatar feels like a a tech demo. I've sat through enough tech demos to know when I'm watching a finely tuned fly though of a rendered scene to show off all the sub-surface light scattering and how well the volumetric effects handle the 200 light sources. subtract some of the rather protracted visual scenes and there could have been some decent dialog, and perhaps even an original storyline. I count this as a missed opportunity.5. Etc - I got a cool pair of glasses.In summary, this movie cost $237,000,000, and it's pure spectacle. The soundtrack is forgettable, the storyline would get you a C+ in junior high school (or accused of plagiarism, have you seen Pocahontas?), and a lot of the visuals feel contrived to the point of a tech demo. It's not completely bad, but it's not spectacularly good. I did get to keep those 3D glasses though.I think it's a C+ at most.

The real theme of Avatar is the megalomania of the director. He thinks he can create a world from scratch, and he thinks of this world as Paradise. The only problem is that beauty comes from within. Bloated with megalomania as he is, his vision of Paradise comes across as Hell instead. I found the viewing of Pandora excruciating. There was a persistent sense of nausea throughout. It was meant to be the essence of beauty. But blue men with long tails undulating behind them are a utter perversity to the eyes. The garish plant life reeked of poison. The animals combined insect, reptile and mammal, bringing out the worst features in each. How anyone can conceive of this concoction as beautiful is beyond me. Compared to this the slimy aliens in Cameron's earlier films are tame.In truth, I am suspicious of anyone who calls Pandora beautiful. My theory is this: There is something ugly inside that is compels them to say that Pandora is beautiful. They take into consideration the budget of the film, the fact that it's made by the "king of the world", that it stands as a testament to human ingenuity (technology, CGI and so on), that the film becomes the byword for hype, that it promotes the cult of celebrity, etc. In other words, those who find Pandora beautiful are also those who idolize the megalomania of Cameron. It's all a matter of worshipping excess, and if you do, you find Pandora beautiful. Otherwise you say, Hey, why are those slimy tentacles sticking out of all those animals on that planet? Yuck! The rest is a thinly disguised critique of the American invasion of Iraq, or more generally the military industrial complex. But of course it is hypocrisy through and through. Hollywood excess is an integral part of the military industrial complex, and Cameron is at the vanguard of Hollywood excess. He's a hypocrite, and no wonder his vision comes across as so ugly. Of course, not many people will say so. Not if they are worshipping at the altar of pride and excess. So Cameron taps into the general malaise and makes a lot of money. That's all there is to Avatar. It's a testament to greed and megalomania. In this universe of excess there is a "paradise", which the film tries to recreate. If you live in that universe you will find the vision beautiful. If you don't, it is the very definition of repulsive.

The one thing we ultimately connect to in a movie are the characters. No matter how stunning the visuals are, it's the people we link up to. Spielberg's characters have so much heart they seem lifelike. Cameron's characters are a little two dimensional, the dialog doesn't always ring true. I'm reminded of those times I've gone out on a date with a pretty girl, and all seemed well until she did that one weird thing that kind of killed the mood. That's how some of the moments in this movie are. Credibility issues with the characters, not horrible by any means, but kind of make you wince. Which takes you out of the story and kills the magic, no matter how great the visuals are. You don't find these problems in a Spielberg movie. None the less, given the stunning visuals in this film, and a realistic notion that no one is perfect, I'm willing to forgive those shortcomings. With all the energy it took to develop this technology and create CGI characters that are so real, it would be shameful to fault Cameron just because he isn't as perfect there as he is everywhere else. I really commend him on his achievement. Yes, some scenes could have been better drawn for their dramatic potential, but I can see Cameron was so preoccupied with the many other technical elements at hand, he glazed over them a little. Spielberg never had this problem in Close Encounters or ET or any of his other movies, and really gets down into the humanity in key moments. But directing this new technology in 3D and developing the new effects would more than dwarf most other directors, so I have nothing but admiration for Cameron. This is a must see film, and despite the wincing moments here and there, I still cared a great deal for the Avatar characters and the NA'Vi. Overall, a terrific work, well worth your time and money. And, the best 3D I've ever seen, period.

Yes, the story may be predictable, yes, the message may be predictable so if you are one of those people looking for a picture "with depth" this may not be the movie for you. If you want "drama" and well developed "dramatis personae" then stay home. This movie is for Trekkies, and Star Wars, Blade Runner fans. In other words, this is for the person who wants to be entertained. For the person who wants to see amazing graphics and action. For the person who wants to escape for almost three hours from the daily grind of daily life. I went to see this with my family and thought that it was and amazing blend of CG graphics and action and adventure. I was able to spend the time imagining living in another world far from the crap we have here nowadays. I recommend going to see it in 3D and I could only imagine what it may have looked like in Imax but since we don't have one of those near by then I'll settle for the "standard". But yes, if you enjoy wallowing in in "drama" save you money and stay home and watch reruns of ER or Hill Street Blues or whatever, but if you just want to have fun then for Pete's sake go watch this thing it WAS GREAT!

I've experienced Avatar in a local theater in Amsterdam with IMAX and I must say that this movie is one of the best movies ever made. I've never experienced all the human emotions in one movie, this movie made me happy when I was drawn into Avatars world, I mean I would wanna live there and never come back to the real world. In the first scene of the 3D world of Avatar the blue species girl's first line is genius with so much emotion and so powerful. The actors did an outstanding job with convincing me why the Avatar is the most special thing ever. Mr Cameron best work,the movie is about 3 hours long, but it felt like one minute, if you can take me in one breath, this director did it. It's outstandingly perfect, and all the emotion's crying, happiness, anger, depression, feeling real love from the screen this MOVIE comes in with a BANG!

An ex-Marine finds himself thrust into hostilities on an alien planet filled with exotic life forms. As an Avatar, a human mind in an alien body, he finds himself torn between two worlds, in a desperate fight for his own survival and that of the indigenous people.I'm a huge fan of James Cameron. The best film ever created is TITANIC, in my opinion. I'm not afraid to admit it. It should be no surprise that I absolutely loved AVATAR after walking out of the screening room. Now, did I walk in with a certain bias toward the film? Probably, yes, I would say. However, to be fair, the film surpassed the hype which made it out to be a revolutionary film that will change the course of film making of all mankind. And I will say this now: This revolutionary film will change the course of film making of all mankind.What makes this movie so revolutionary is that it sets a standard for 3D movies, and a high one at that. It not only puts the 3D to good use, in a way it contributes to the overall story than having things pop out every five seconds, but it is also successful at integrating motion capture with live performances in a way where it blows every previous films faulty attempts away. The technology is that good. Trust me. Technically, the film should be able to win every award dealing with it because, let's be honest, Cameron knows how to tell a broad story, especially in this size and scope.But what about the story? I've been rambling about how good the technology and the effects are, considering it has a budget of around $275 million. The story is sometimes predictable and clichéd. If anything, people usually commend Cameron's ability to tell a story on screen but don't put his screen writing skills as high as a place as that and I see why people would say that. There are many films this movie borrowed from, but you know what? I don't care. Every film is, in some degree, predictable, and I believe this and the earnestness to tell and end the story in a way that has been done before is what adds to the wondrous quality of the film.When I saw Sam Worthington in TERMINATOR: SALVATION, which came out earlier this year, I didn't appreciate his performance like many people did. However, in this film, I think he did a great job as the thick-minded character. Sigourney Weaver is in a role that is actually perfect for her but I'd assume Cameron wrote the part specifically for her, but I think she's great she's in a film that is good for her because her last few roles in the past few years have been very "eh." Zoe Saldana, I must say, did an excellent job as Worthington's love interest. She has this magnificent talent where you believe and feel every word she speaks.Stephen Lang plays a fantastic villain role, albeit a predictable and one-dimensional one. It's a character we all love to hate. Another character like that is played by Giovanni Ribisi, playing the "captain" who will never understand all the bad decisions he makes. Other actors I'd like to mention in this excessive cast are Michelle Rodriguez, Joel Moore, and CCH Pounder. For a film that is over 2 hours and 30 minutes long, the film doesn't have a dull nor slow moment, probably because a story this big should have this long a running time in order to tell it. The soundtrack by James Horner is magical but by no means one of the best ever.I found the film to be not only a huge spectacle but also a film with a story that is not so white and black and with characters you believe and root for. It also deals with some relevant, moral issues. It's entertaining, spellbinding, and a magical experience in 3D. Rarely have I ever found myself so entranced by a movie. AVATAR is the best movie of this year. See the movie in 3D not because it's better or cooler but because it's necessary. See it now. Run, don't walk, to your nearest theater. This is a movie you should see before you die.

These days it's rare for a "block buster" movie to live up to its hype and even rarer for a film to exceed this hype. But James Cameron delivered. This fill is nothing short of amazing. Cameron took on the task of challenging your reality without seeming unrealistic. This was accomplished flawlessly. Cameron created a world where you can fly on mythological pterodactyl like creature, plant life glows in the dark and mountains float. The world where this film was set in will truly blow your mind.But every rose has its thorns. With a Titanic size budget I was truly expecting a DiCaprio size performance from the leading cast but I was left wanting. I felt that the movies main characters (Sam Worthington, Sigourney Weaver, and Zoe Saldana) delivered strong above average performances. But there were far too many one dimensional characters. You honestly couldn't care less if these characters lived or died. Also there was a drill sergeant character that littered the movie with cheesy dialog that detracted from the moves over all awe inspiring feel.Despite some of the one dimensional character this was an excellent film. The story line was nothing short of original. The love story aspect of the film was well developed and realistic. This movie has forever changed the fantasy and science fiction film genre. James Cameron has set the bar so high that few directors will ever reach it.

Saw it on opening night in IMAX 3D. Best experience of my life. It isn't just a movie you really feel like you have entered an entire new and better world. Maybe the best movie I have ever seen and God I have seen a lot. Definitely the best visual effects ever!!!! A little bit of crumby dialog but other than that the whole thing is a TEN. This movie has everything great acting, story, action, and effects. You must see this movie in theaters preferably in IMAX. The creation of the Na'vi is amazing above all the other things. I wish I were one of them. And an amazing love story also completes the film so everyone who goes will be satisfied. Yes, the story is one that we have heard before and is really nothing new but, it is a story we love and is told in a whole new way. Avatar is doing right now what Star Wars did for its time. This is an epic. If you would like to talk to me about my review send me an email at uwanttoknome@aim.com

This is the first movie I remember feeling like I felt after reading a good sci-fi fantasy book; I didn't want it to end and was sad it was over. A good book does that, but I've never had a movie do that for me, and I've seen a good deal of movies...As the saying goes, there are only 9 plots in existence, so I am not upset by any overlaps with other movies I've watched in the past that have similar plot elements. I did find myself caring about the main characters, and while the similarities to native American movies (as mentioned in other posts, Dances with Wolves) is not surprising considering the type of characters in the movie and the motivations of the foreign invaders, the sci-fi element of a neurally connected planet was an intriguing plot element.As in all sci-fi, you need to put your present-life science knowledge in your back pocket, and assume Clarke's Three Laws of Prediction:1) When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.2) The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.3) Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.I liked this better than Star Wars, and I grew up watching those movies when they came out. But perhaps that is because nothing as involving as the original trilogy has been released since they first came out! I loved the Lord of the Rings, but it didn't make me feel this way when all was said and done...

How should I start?First my Kudos to one and only creator God James Cameron.It was a mind blowing film I ever saw in my life and I am sure this will be the only movie worth watch for everyone in their lifetime.From the starting to ending we will be spellbound with this beautiful world.The theme of bonding,the bird rides, the prayers for spirits and what not everything made my hair go goosebumps.Who is saying there is lack of emotion,every frame has a emotion that will tie you till end,that is why we are this much involved.I think every human who saw this movie will pray to be in Pandora for a day in his life,as I am now.This movie has given life to the characters ,usually it is vice-versa,right:No one can ask more than that.This film has a soul so complete that you yourself go in that.I thought like I will write so much, but here I am wordless ,but everyone just go and see the movie ,not for the big budget sake,not for our very own James Cameron , but to fulfill your fantasy world more than you can imagine.After I came from the movie my heart is so heavy with happiness I can bare,Thank you so much James Cameron from my bottom of the heart.

I had a considerable amount of reservation in m y mind before going to this movie. The cause consisted in enough good movies this year already (the same District 9 etc.) and thought that it might very well be another kind of a Terminator 4 like CG movie with no real spark behind or worse yet - some kind of 2012 (sorry - this is a failed movie despite the spectacular effects). I had it before entering the cinema and exactly before the movie started. Then it all disappeared. It got me sooo much that I watched it twice in the theater, ad perhaps will go to watch some more.Another one of those few that should never be forgotten. Spectacular, out of the box thinking, super 3d stunning sound.I would tend to think this one is the winner of all times.Thank you James.

Wow! My wife and I just saw Avatar last night and we were both blown away! We chose to pay the extra money and see it in 3D and it was worth every penny. I was concerned at first, because all of the 3D trailers (and there were a bunch) looked cheesy and a bit unclear, but the opening scene, in the ship, took my breath away and it stayed that way throughout the entire movie. The visual effects were so stunning, they could have easily overshadowed the story and plot, but as amazing as they were, they still took a back seat to this story of good vs evil. During the movie, I became so caught up in the characters, I truly cared what happened to them and how it would end. I am a sci-fi fan, but I almost chose to see a different movie, because I thought the trailers had given away the plot and I didn't see myself enjoying a bunch of thin, blue giants. Luckily, I know not to judge a book by its cover. My wife, who hates sci-fi, may have liked the movie even more than me. She talked about how great it was all night. I'm usually very critical of everything, but there is not one thing I would change about this movie, well one thing...I wish it would have been 4 hours long.

I went to see the 3D version of the movie last night with my son. We both were awestruck at the visuals. I would give this movie high marks on just that alone. I have read many other reviews on this and people have been nay saying about the plot and character development. I did not see a problem with either. I really felt connected to the main character and his struggle to pick sides. I also felt for the indigenous people for their plight. There is plenty of story telling where you get to know more about the Na'vi culture. There is talk about how earth is in the future and why the humans are there on Pandora. Some of the story telling is subtle, but it is all there. I left the theater thrilled and will go see this again. It is hands down, the best movie of the year and I recommend it to anyone who can sit in a theater chair for two and a half hours.

I was extremely disappointed with this film. I should have known by the way people talked about the "looks" instead of the plot. Imagine this film without CGI and it probably would be just another Saturday morning cartoon. If they had to use old-school costumes and make-up this thing would have fallen flat.The target audience seemed to be the kids who watch Saturday morning cartoons. The story line would only challenge the brain of a 6 year old.But let's cut straight to the heart of the matter: the CGI. OK, so the computer can create some neat images. Got it. But I find beauty more in the Discovery channel's "Life" and "Planet Earth" then in this movie. For example, the characters walk like those in Sim Life - jerky. The characters were nowhere close to the "alive" imagery of Toy Story.The beasts with the thick-skin were just another mutant thing and the "horses" were blocky and weak. The flying birds were the only exception to nice flow and appearance in my eye.And consider the way the final fight scene showed a robot (think Iron Man) that moved better than a human being can...all by a joystick. The thing weighs tons but moved like a ballerina. Please! When it reached above its head to grab the main character I started laughing...don't tell me the thing has eyes on the top of its head or a brain to operate it. Sad.Scene after scene was met with a furrowed brow. We have Weaver's avatar looking like a poorly animated Tomb Raider. We have Weaver wrapped in green vegetation (when, how and why left unanswered). We have futuristic helicopters (sort of) but old-school wheelchairs.We have a smelly alien somehow getting in good with the planet's inhabitants. And not just fitting in, but moving up the ranks to one of the top leadership position.We have a red bird (the rest are green-blue) that didn't pick him, broke the rule of "only one bird" and I'm not sure that was enough to convince the people that this fainting stranger could now lead 2,000 to victory.We have sleep pods that have a big red button on them, but in the future we obviously can't shut them down any other way. We have helicopters that can leave a military installation (with big doors) without resistance and without any pursuit.We have a big tree as the home that is destroyed and THEN we discover other clans exist and don't live in trees. Do they hook up their ponytails to the water, grass, or clouds? The race comes across as passive since they sat around and waited to be over-ran, yet every scene of the daughter's suitor indicated warriors. At the beginning they were feared for their size and poisoned arrows, but by the end the wooden sticks were laughed at. Which is it? Seriously, this was a cartoon. And had I sat down one Saturday morning to watch it with my nephews I would have wondered when it was going to end. Yuck.

I did see Avatar for the first time a while ago, and didn't know what to make of it. To me it felt like a visual feast if little else. Re-watching it again, I found more strengths, but there are several weaknesses that prevent it from being a masterpiece.Starting with Avatar's strengths, it is absolutely mind-blowing visually. The cinematography, landscapes, scenery, colours, make-up and effects are outstanding and are by far and away Avatar's strongest asset. I also liked the score, it is certainly not the best score I have ever heard, but it had some very nice moments, while Cameron's direction is competent, the message admirable, and the finale well and truly explosive. I also loved the flying sequences, they were breathtaking.The acting in general is a mixed bag. Sam Worthington is a charismatic enough lead, while Zoe Saldana is strong and spirited. Stephen Lang is an enjoyable and over-the-top villain of the piece too, however Sigourney Weaver is somewhat so-so, doesn't help really her character isn't that interesting while Michelle Rodriguez and Joel Moore aren't given very much to do.What didn't work so well is that Avatar's story, with themes of love in a time of chaos and man alone in a hostile environment, is rather simplistic and predictable. I also felt it took a while to get going, and that the relationship between Jake and Neytiri was on the dull side. And is it me, or does this film drag at times, particularly towards the end? Now don't get me wrong, I liked the concept, it wasn't exactly original, as I often heard it described as "Dances with Wolves in Space with rip-offs of Pocahontas and FernGully"- but I am not going to join those who say that- I have to admit regardless of its originality or lack of it the concept intrigued me. Then there is the dialogue, which is nothing special and never quite rings true. There are some amusing moments but a vast majority of the dialogue in the middle of the film never quite convinced or came across as cheesy. The characters also came across as rather clichéd, especially Giovanni Ribisi's, and the character development was lacking.So all in all, Avatar does have a lot of strengths, but a lot of weaknesses too. I will say I preferred it over The Hurt Locker, which to be honest left me cold, but I think I would be stretching it a bit if I said it was 5-star masterpiece. 6/10 Bethany Cox

Avatar is a poorly written, and poorly acted animated movie. James Cameron directs Avatar like he would a TV movie. There's no real depth and no real emotion. The special effects aren't even all that great, and the 3-D is absolutely, 100% terrible.There's no "experience" while watching Avatar. It's like watching an animated film. I could hardly sit through it, but I spent a lot of money for the 3D so I forced myself to stay. The entire movie, aside from a few action sequences, is incredibly boring. Mostly because I don't have any reason to care about any of the characters on screen because they are also boring. I recommend that if you're going to see this, get it on DVD, don't waste your money on 3D. It's a cheap gimmick and I really hope it goes away. Avatar utilizes the 3D in the worst way, I felt like I was looking at a pop out book that I wasn't interested enough to finish.I don't really feel like there's much else to say. Avatar is just an extremely lame movie.*/****

After all the hype and praise from all my friends and movie critics I saw it in the movie theater. I didn't see it in 3d but even if I did it would have still been the same crappy movie.After the first hour of sitting through the movie I started to think is it going to get better. It never did. The one thing that really made me angry was the blue chick that kept screaming at Sam Worthington. She made me wan't to pull my hair out. If i had to say something good about this movie i would have to say the cgi was pretty amazing and the last battle scene was also pretty OK.If you haven't seen it yet then i prefer you don't.

Is there any creativity left in Hollywood? This movie is like a collection of clichés we've seen over and over again. It is pure escapism and nothing more.Why would we focus on earth when we have this blue planet where we can simply start over again. So far the idea of the movie add some battle sequences and a few million dollar special effects and you have yourself a blockbuster.What I really don't understand is why the na'vi people are almost exactly like the native Americans. I think you would at least try to cover up that the movie is just like "Dances with wolves". Except the character development and engaging story of course. A good film if you have some time to kill and don't want to think to much. Butt I cant help thinking it could have been so much better with some more creativity and thought.

i went to see this in 3d at my local cinema and i was blown away by the quality of the film i had seen a couple of film in 3d before but they were just little bit of 3d thrown into a 2d film whereas this was all 3d and was amazing i would go see it again..The story is a classic romance but with robots,guns and massive blue people its a very well written and superbly directed film the cgi was amazing..The cast are amazing with Sam Worthington leading the line up in his new found stardom with a line of film hoping to have him on board and i can see why he is amazing in this film and its nice to see sigourney weaver back in big films after my previous favourite film being aliens..A Must See!!!!!! 10/10

I loved Avatar. It was many different kinds of movies blended into one. There was love, unity, a love of nature, sorrow, happiness, honor, spirituality, and much more. I loved watching this movie. It was very well done. I would guess that a director's wish for viewers to leave the theaters wishing they were in a reality of the movie they just watched. Avatar was certainly a movie that could accomplish that. The movie inspired great emotion and was revolutionary on how people could think of our world and lives. The movie was unique in a brilliant way to say the least. I didn't watch it in IMAX but I certainly would like to after watching it the first time. Even though it's still in theaters I wish it was out on DVD since I can't experience that "part of the movie reality" life. =(. Basically, I loved the movie and would recommend it to anyone and everyone.

Avatar is a HUUUUGE wow... stunning, spectacular and the cinematic experience of the new generation. It's once in a life time experience and a film which would change the way movies are made forever. Kudos to the master James Cameron for bringing us this visually stunning treat. It is a film meant to be seen in 3D and multiple times. One time viewing is not enough to absorb all the details and visuals shown. The visual effects are eye-popping and jaw-dropping. Though story could have been a little better. Given that Cameron is master of sequel (T2) I would be anxiously waiting for a sequel. Also given the magnificent place Pandora is, it needs another film to be discovered fully.

Goodness me! Once again James Cameron takes mediocrity to new heights. He places the mediocrity in a box made of gold and elevates the box onto a platform with spotlights pointing at it. Goodness me! He destroyed the Alien franchise with his trashy and brash sequel and then he turned a real sea tragedy into a cliché ridden, money spinning bore fest(Titanic). Goodness me! It seems that any project with his name attached is bound for sure fire success because it's James 'Goodness Me' Cameron and we must, by law, consider his works genius. (Goodness me).Avatar is a computer game. Nothing more. I want to see a MOVIE when I go to the cinema, thank you very much and a big Goodness Me!I shall now declare a national holiday. I shall call it 'Goodness Me Day' in honour of James Cameron.

This has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. I was subjected to it during a three hour bus ride home, with little other entertainment. It turned out to be like many other Hollywood films, a good basic idea but the execution of it was appalling. In future, Hollywood should pass its ideas onto European film-makers, just to make them bearable.Aside from the bad acting, I have two main gripes that make this film so much worse than many of its Hollywood fellows. Firstly, the only original thing about it are the CGI effects. These, admittedly, are stunning. However, the actual plot of the story is so similar to many other Hollywood films, I'm surprised James Cameron bothered making it. It's basically Fern Gully with a massive budget. My second complaint is the budget itself. It's astronomical and was totally squandered. Just think how that money could have been spent, say on healthcare, education and the like. But no, instead it gets spent on a shockingly average film.This film could have been great, but the recycled storyline destroyed any vestige of that.

***Spoilers ahead*** I was having a pretty lousy day when I entered the cinema yesterday. And despite James Cameron being one of my favorite directors and Aliens being one of my absolute favorite movies of all time, I was not sure about Avatar. The criticism has been about the story so naturally I was worried that this one would be all fluff but no substance. After having seen the film I can gladly report that is not the case, rather I would say the story and its themes is one of the stronger points about the movie, not considering the fantastic special effects.It seems unnecessary to recap the story since I'm sure you've all heard it a thousand times by now. To point out a few things about it that no one seems to have talked about I would think is a better thing. All of James Cameron's movies are in some way about dreams. He frequently uses his personal dreams as inspiration for his films, perhaps most famously the idea for the Terminator which he got from a fever dream. This motif is used to its fullest extent in Avatar, where Jake Sully's journeys with his avatar body are like dreams from which he has to wake up. It all takes a fascinating meta-level when you think about our mediated world today and how many things we do just to get away from our real lives: Playing video games, drinking alcohol and of course - going to the movies. The very final scene of the movie is a clear nod to this notion. One could view Jake Sully's very physical disability as an analogy to any sort of disability or disadvantage that would keep a person from doing what they want. In the dream world that Jake flees to he has everything he ever wanted; Adventure, a beautiful potential love interest, "people" or rather Na'vi who care about him and so on. In the grey, cold and lifeless world he comes from, he is just "meat on wheels"; A nobody.The movie actually leaves you with a bitter sweet feeling. Nobody's existence on this planet can be as wonderful as living on Pandora, much like Jake Sully you don't want to "wake up", but after 166 minutes you have no choice. Thank God you have the option of seeing the film again which I will do for sure, wallet-raping ticket prices for the 3D version or not. It certainly is worth it.People think the characters are thin and the story is clichéd and predictable, but I could not agree less on all points. To me it seems like a conspiracy, an attempt to bring the film down. I've seen a lot of movies in my days but most of the time I could not predict what was going to happen. The critics seem to be mistaking narrative means of telling a story with clichés. More than anything, the use of familiar themes and shapes for the animals and so on, is a sign of good storytelling by letting the audience recognize the familiar and thereby relate to the film on another level.In the above tirade about Avatar's story I have not said much about the special effects in the film which of course are outstanding, but they are very seldom there as anything more than a means to an end, just like in any good science fiction film. The same goes for the 3D, they are never just a gimmick where they point something straight into your face, it's just there to add to the whole experience. Avatar is far from a perfect movie, you could easily cut about 30 minutes out of the film and still tell the same story, and some moments are cringe-worthy. But as an experience, which to me is what movies ultimately are about, there is simply nothing that compares to Avatar.

Avatar. Another exploitive attempt to rape Americans of their money, culture and dignity.I would have walked out had I not been there with a group.The story was completely predictable, clichéd and boring. The action was generic and predictable. The characters flat and predictable. The CG and 3d boring and predictable. Did I mention this movie was boring and predictable.Boring and Predictable... and probably perfect for American movie goers. I know people will give this movie all the predictable praise. Any movie, no matter how bad, will do good in America if given enough hype and explosions.This is the generic filth that leaves the country flat and unimaginative."Why would people watch that?" "Because its on TV!"

Understand before you start reading my review that I'm not some burnt out bitter old son of a _ who complains about big budget blockbusters and Hollywood because that's the only people who could not like this movie. I'm the opposite, I love Hollywood and big budget blockbusters, and most of all I've been Jim Cameron's biggest fan for a long time. I don't care what anybody says, Titanic is one of the greatest movies of all time, and I've often said it's possibly the best directed movie of all time. Cameron has an incredible ability to direct and create absolute spectacle, the best way I've heard to describe him is a modern day Sensation Smith of Drury Lane - the master of spectacle. Terminator 2: Judgement Day undoubtedly one of the greatest action movies of all time, however like all geniuses he has had his inevitable less than masterpieces, he's forgiven for TheAbyss and TrueLies. The reason I say all this, I've heard how he takes criticism and he would think what I'm about to say is just jealousy and bitterness, when the opposite is true I hold the master and his work in such high regard he's very much an inspiration and an aspiration in my own work. So when I first discovered all those years ago back in 2006 that Avatar was finally in the works I was delighted that Iron Jim would ride again, and in 2006 seeing a release date for 2009 I thought, "Well, doesn't look like I'm going to get any sleep for 3 years until I see this". I'd been following Avatar for so long I had the black copy of the scriptment that Jim and his team did everything in their power to stop people seeing and prevent circulating online. I was up with every rumour, possible leaked image or trailer and the mystery surrounding when it was known as "Project 880". Is this sounding familiar to any of you? My expectations went up and down as more information surfaced, after seeing the 18minute preview at LeicesterSquare, August2009 I had a clearer idea of what it was, and was right with what my understanding of it originally was but hoped they would have straightened out by release. The excitement levels dropped which I then thought was a good thing to counter any previously preconceived ideas about it, now I could go and see it in December with a completely open mind. As it drew closer I thought "This is JC. Ten years in the making, he's not going to let me down, whatever I thought before I'm completely openminded I trust that he is going to blow me away again." The day before it was to be released worldwide, it was first showing that night at the Imax so I couldn't sit still and went straight out and bought that ticket. The Imax was already half full at a quarter to midnight, and as I was handed those 3D glasses a real feeling came over me "This is it." No I wasn't talking about the Michael Jackson movie! The 20th Century Fox studio pre-movie opening credit jumped straight out the screen in 3D, and from the back of the cinema those searchlights on the podium in Hollywood looked 20 feet high right in front of me. Sorry to say this was the most exciting part of the next 2 and 3/4 hours. People's opinions have been pretty definitive that it looked great, and the colours, special effects and 3D. But when the lights came up and I was left with a numb brain and back side, reeling from what I had just endured, I think it can be summed up by the comments of someone I passed on the way out asked what he thought. He replied "Oh, I thought it was excellent...but the story was crap." If we have to talk about the visuals of it, which seems to be all anybody cares about, it's nothing we haven't already seen in a 5-year-old's Saturday-morning cartoon intercut with typical sci-fi. Perhaps seeing the grenades almost fly into your face, and the floating whatever before your eyes, were something worth mentioning, but that doesn't make up for 160minutes of nothing-else. Reportedly the most expensive movie to date, for reasons not apparent on screen. It not only lacks the spectacle and wonder of Titanic and movies like this but the action and substance Cameron's so good at serving up. The storyline was so trite and cliché and the characters, dialogue and plot points were so recycled, there was nothing we hadn't seen before 1000s of times. Even the action sequences were mundane. Really, how are we supposed to care about 9ft blue-aliens with no character that don't look real, and some colourful plants and wildlife thrown in for 3D and kids. Hoped it might be a little interesting when we first see Pandora but it was just poorly put-together nonsense. The animals were like Pokemon and the whole tree of life part was taken right out of several of my childhood cartoons. A trashy mix of sci-fi and Japanese kids cartoons oldest collection of clichés, with the too-familiar nature allegory thrown-in to imitate art. The effects do little to help this monument to what anybody will buy into.Seems my childhood dreammaker James Cameron is drowning in budgets so huge, and nobody to question him that magic is just completely gone, and given the unfortunate profits of this we'll probably be stuck with many more second-rate action movies in 3D aspiring to be art. Maybe this is just another of Jim's low-points and he'll turn it around next time, but the support for this movie makes me wonder do people have the minds of under 10s or have I completely lost it? Watch the movie "Idiocracy" and you'll know how I feel.

Lord I miss the Last Air bender....James Cameron's half a BILLION dollar film (figure in the promotion its around that figure) is a huge animated film masquerading as a live action feature film. Its, like most of Cameron's super productions, a self serving over hyped monstrosity that is neither as good as he thinks it is or as bad as we hoped it would be.Billed as the next step in entertainment I'm left wondering what makes the film different then anything thats gone before other than the motion capture characters. The Next step? only if you go to the movie on rare occasions and never read fantasy or Science Fiction. Ursula Le Guin, Piers Anthony, EE Doc Smith and everyone else working in genre has been there before. Is it really worth the effort to count down the long list of films this borrows from Quigley Down Under to A Man Called Horse to the Matrix to Aliens to Dances with Wolves to anything I've read people have compared it to. Its a plot as well worn as they come. Even the music is lifted from tribal chants to Star Trek The Motion Picture to anything with soaring choral music. Its's also clear Wayne Barlowe designed the look of the creatures since they seem similar to numerous creatures he's painted over the years.(Had they wanted to be radical they would have had Barlowe go off the board) Okay I could go on ripping the film to shreds but lets try and take it on its own terms.Lets say it, the film is neither original nor ground breaking. Its an over hyped film that is much too in love itself. It is painfully overlong at seventeen...er almost three hours.The plot has a cripple ex-marine taking his twin brothers place as an avatar pilot on a distant world. He is assigned to infiltrate the locals and find out as much as he can. he does so and in the process falls in love with the people and one girl in particular. He then has to fight with his new people to save them and their way of life.On the most basic of levels the plot is fine but on a detailed level there are lots of plot holes and plot questions. Thankfully Cameron in his wonderful junior high school way has set up outs for many things that don't make sense like how will the good guys win when they have bows and arrows and the humans have explosives and bullets.( Cameron is not a stupid man as anyone who has heard him talk or seen his documentaries can attest, however his story construction has always been stunted and simplistic at best) How the simplicity will survive in two planned sequels is beyond me.There are lots of long "look isn't this great" sequences which are meant to show off. On the plus side they look good in 2D on the down side the film slows way down as a result.The performances are fine but out side of the main two characters everyone is cardboard. Its fine because they aren't given much to really do but at the same time they all blur together.The action scenes are good but not great with many of the oh cool sequences in the TV commercials. Also some sequences seem stretched out for no good reason with lots of slow motion to make everything look "Cool".In all honesty had this film lost an hour it would have been a much better film, but at two hours forty something minutes this film is a soul killer. My Dad and I just looked at each other at about the half way point an wondered how much longer this had to go and we both groaned when we realized it was almost it was eighty something minutes.Its not a bad film. Its worth seeing, but I don't know that I needed to see it on a big screen, and while I didn't see it in 3D I don't think I really would have liked it more if I had. Personally I think you can wait for DVD or cable.(A friend of a a friend who didn't like the film said that he now understands how people who don't get Star Wars feel. Frankly there is a difference. Love of Star Wars comes from a real place, a place that wasn't mass media created. All of the hype to Avatar is PR created hype put together to sell tickets. Star Wars is a film that is about characters moving in a simplistic story where things just are, the worlds of Luke Skywalker were not pushed in our faces until the marketing machines took over with Return of the Jedi and by that time the characters and the story had taken hold because they were good. Avatar is a simple story pumped up to sell tickets and sell toys.Its had the marketing machine from the first moment.. Star Wars has been out for almost 33 years, spawned 6 films, numerous novels, comics and TV shows. Avatar has been out a week and has spawned little more than some mixed box office and a budget debt bigger than many countries GNP. I'll wait 33 Years before I assess how successful Avatar is.) 6 out of 10

Well, after all the hype - and a chance to see this for free on a Blu-Ray disc - it was an offer I couldn't refuse. In the end, and even though it's a long film (2 hrs, 40 minutes) I watched it all and wasn't surprised at much of anything story-wise. Like a lot of modern-day action films, they start off great but slowly become unraveled and during the last third of movie, you have to totally "check your brains at the door," but this movie, overall, was fun to watch.For much of it, there were enough visual wonders in here, fantastic colors and special-effects to make up for Director/writer James Cameron's usual Liberal political bias and stereotypical characters. In many respects, you've seen this story before a number of times. In fact, if you've seen "Dances With Wolves," you've seen "Avatar," the main difference being the setting: instead of the Old West you have a futuristic planet. The story is basically the same, the one filmmakers love to present: the evil white military-like corporation men invade the peaceful natives for greed and profit.... and troubles ensue. Throw in the "mixed" romance you saw in "Dances With Wolves" and you have a good chunk of this story. Very little has changed except for the futuristic eye candy. Instead of the American Indian, we have the "Na'vi," which are portrayed in a very similar light except for the blue skin, of course.The only creativity in this film is in the special-effects department, but - wow - what creativity! The visuals are the attraction to this movie, pure and simple. The amazing jungle scenery, bizarre bird creatures and illuminating small objects everywhere will dazzle you, especially played through a Blu-Ray disc and big HD set. The transfer is as sharp as any you'll see.

You have seen slices of this movie before in fifty other films. Cameron spliced together the themes, scenes, plots, dialogs, and music of many other good and not so good movies that were market researched to death in order to determine the best bits to throw at a wide audience. The new algorithms written for these focus groups gathered for this venture were sampled to the millisecond, tweaked, and averaged into this movie; that's $300MM. Can you say cliché fifty times. The music was sometimes ripped from "Band of Brothers", "Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa", etc. The Na'vi dialect was painful and mindful of Jar Jar Binks in "Star Wars 1", cute enough for the eight year old in the theaters, but to me; nails across a chalk board. Great CGI as mentioned in previous reviews for $300MM. So with some really creative accounting we have a $600MM+ movie for the all-time all-average audience of the world.Still reading? This movie includes every hokey cliché, using every hokey thematic trick from every hokey movie in every scene. The musical score as mentioned was ripped and averaged from various movies by some programmer, I doubt a living orchestra performance was conducted. Everything in this movie has been constructed from a sampling of other movies that "worked" at a particular level.Enough said! I think you get it. Oh, did I mention nice CGI fifty times, why not, every thing in this movie has been seen fifty times?

I'm going to predict, and I don't think I'm going out on a limb here, that "Avatar" will win in most of the categories for which it has been nominated.The supreme irony is that this film is, at its core, an exercise in gross hypocrisy. Anti-military, it revels in its depiction of violence as a means of resolving conflict; anti-corporate, its director is as venal and egotistical as any of the worst of the Wall St. CEOs; and anti-technology, it relies on its technological achievements to the detriment of essential film aesthetics like clever dialog, compelling plotting, and three-dimensional character development.I wasn't even all that impressed with the technical aspects. (I saw it in IMAX 3-D.) The visuals weren't all that different, or that much of an improvement, from some of the great PC and console games I've played in the past.Juvenile and derivative, this movie may arguably be a great leap forward in film technology, but it's a huge step backward for the concept of "film as art." Morally and aesthetically bankrupt, the film moves from one predictable plot point to the next, presenting elaborate and overblown set pieces that are unintentionally risible. When the movie reached its climax, depicting its alien race chanting and dancing in front of a sacred tree, I couldn't help but recall a similar masterpiece, "Queen of Outer Space." At least that movie had the benefit of a high-camp performance by Zsa Zsa Gabor. The only camp this movie can lay claim to is "sleep-away."Craptacular to the extreme.

Spectacular special effects with a story that not only falls short, but has been beat to death in pop culture.I only go to the movies once-in-awhile nowadays, and am really disappointed that I selected this film. It isn't the first time, though, that a movie with great special effects turned out to be banal and predictable.Aside from the poor story and characters, there is an astonishing lack of consistency in technology. There is enough money and super-tech to go to other planets and do mining.....using mining technology that is *already* over 50 years old(?!)....but not enough money or tech to help a wounded soldier. It....does....not....make....any....sense.....I won't go into the short-comings of the story and characters; it's already been covered well enough.

Sometimes I think people really do just believe and go along with the hype of whatever they are being sold. The truth is that this movie is boring, long, totally unoriginal and easily forgettable (thank goodness). The visual 3D effects were quite spectacular but only for about 10 minutes. After that, they became repetitive and therefore lost any appeal. The voices were irritating, the message tiresome and the plot silly. The story is an poor imitation of FernGully The last Rainforest and Pocahontas. There is nothing original in the story and it it just drags on and on and on. There is nothing more to add about this film other than I really did not like it.

Any film would struggle to live up to the gargantuan hype that Avatar had placed upon its narrow shoulders and this movie, unsurprisingly, falls well short. That's not Cameron's fault, of course, as the PRs are only doing their job. Suffice to say that promising the 'redefinition of cinema' in championing something so ordinary is never going to win many admirers.As to the flabby mess that is the film itself? There's only one person to blame for that, I'm afraid. It's eighteen years now since 'Terminator 2: Judgement Day' and in the intervening time, Cameron has totally flat-lined as a director of vision and compelling narrative. One can overlook the vacuousness of 'Titanic' as it had mass appeal to people who didn't really know any better but it is insisted that Avatar was 10 years in the making. Really? If that's true, then Cameron needs to manage his time better. What on earth was he doing over the past decade? Certainly not developing the turgid and derivative plot - I could have knocked out something equally as hackneyed over a weekend without too much difficulty. Certainly not fine-tuning the dialogue, which is clunky ('numbnuts' - WTF?) and stereotypical in the extreme - a good deal of it sounded like lines that would have been rejected from the 'Aliens' script.Cameron was, we're told, waiting for technology to 'catch up' and enable him to make the film he envisaged but there's nothing here that hasn't been done before, and better. It's really hard to see where the money went. If you want to see a film that looks good with minimal plot then I would recommend '2012' over this.Cameron's arrogance and insufferable smugness are the stuff of legend and his overbearing attitude and belief that only he knows best are undoubtedly responsible for this stab at fantasy. He's clearly seeking a legacy on a par with that which Lucas achieved with Episodes IV - VI but this doesn't even run the loopy and convoluted Episodes I - III close.You had it, you lost it. Such is life.

James Cameron's long-awaited Avatar turns out to be a flimsy excuse for some spectacular, yet empty posturing in never-before-seen 3D. The technological innovations will keep you interested for about an half hour, then the apparent flaws start to take over the viewing experience.Dialogue is, as might be expected, sub-par. Lead performances by Worthington and Saldana are flat and uninvolving. Script is laden with all the clichés Cameron could muster, and filled to the brim with unnecessary hand-holding of the viewer. Every conceivable aspect is over-thoroughly explained through dialogue, making for a totally unbelievable interaction between characters and world, and also giving the impression Cameron thinks I'm an idiot. So-called green and anti- colonial values are glued-on-top, and are completely unconvincing. Film is thin in every aspect except the 3D-visuals. As it turns out, the "Indians" are once again saved by White Male. Even the indigenous Na'vi are modeled after conservative human stereotypes. Female lead is in the end only there to be the romantic interest, the gender-models of the Na'vi mirror those old "truth's": women are emotional an effeminate, men are strong and masculine. Here Cameron affirms conservative stereotypes by giving them an intergalactic justification "in natural order of things".The film has been receiving raving reviews from mainstream critics, and is sure to be an international hit. This doesn't bode well for the future of Hollywood cinema. Up next: Transformers 3D!

Attempted to watch this movie in 3D in San Francisco. The first part of the screening was a legitimate fiasco. The audience only saw some double-imaging and couldn't stop talking about the "ghosting'' throughout the film, especially in the background of the live-action sequences. Did some research and it turns out that unlike other technologies, RealD's 3-D process can result in a doubling of image known as "ghosting,'' which in the past has forced the company to create special "ghost-busted'' prints before a film (or file, really) is shipped out to theaters. There are lots of links on "Google" about this and it seems that the San Francisco screening problem is not an isolated incident. It's a global problem in many countries. Since we were unable to see the 3D version we opted to see the 2D version instead. We had to fight to get a partial refund.The likelihood that the machine projecting "Avatar'' in your neighborhood googolplex is being programmed and run by someone in over his or her head when it comes to new frontiers in exhibition. That means you stand a pretty good chance of seeing that first version of "Avatar'' rather than the second. And guess what? You're paying extra for it, too.Someone asked me if I liked the movie and I replied: give me 500 Million to design a website and it will look awesome as well. The storyline is thin and all too common, there is not much "real life" acting, there are no great sets and costumes. The whole movie experience is based on super expensive CGI effects and that's all! It seems that James Cameron has left the film making process to a handful of gifted CGI Artists - who did a great job. I can't understand why some presumably young people (who are used to play video games, such as Avatar) claim on IMDb that this is the "very best movie" they ever saw. They must have never seen other classic movies with life actors, sets and costumes (not to mention a decent script). It's an "ok" film for its technical achievements only - as long as they work on the screen in 3D - and that's really all. James Cameron could do better. He is wasting his talent - if he ever had one.
