
I heard a lot about this film regarding its scientific validity as a piece of fiction. Perhaps as a result of this I assumed that the film would be a dry affair – an impression sort of confirmed by the longer than normal running time. As it happens, this is not the case at all because The Martian has much more in common with the entertaining blockbuster that the starry cast list and presentation suggest it will be. The story wears its science very much on its sleeve, but yet makes it accessible and fun – with the slick presentation making it so. As a result everything seems to be explained with everyday objects, and even the most complex principles are presented in simple terms (references to Iron Man for instance). As a result the film gets to have its cake and eat it – although the film is helped by the knowledge of a lot of this being possible (eg hitting a point near Pluto recently with very tight tolerances on a journey of years).The film itself doesn't really play up the drama in a heavy way, but rather does enough to invest the viewer in it without making it too much of a downer or serious. The soundtrack is hugely upbeat, the content is mostly light in tone, and the science is delivered in a very user-friendly fashion – essentially in the service of the tone and the entertainment value, nothing more than this. The starry cast add to this feeling, and use their screen presence well. Damon is consistently likable, which is just as well since he is alone in the vast majority of his scenes. The ensemble cast has a lot of depth to it, all of which are solidly watchable – Chastain, Wiig, Daniels, Eiofor, Peña, Bean, and so on. The Chinese aspects of the plot serves as another reminder that this film is a blockbuster out to make money, but it doesn't seem too out of place. Technically it looks great and it impressive how convincing the surface of Mars looks.In the end we get to the fist-pumping mission control scenes that we all knew were coming, but along the way the film is slickly packaged and entertaining as a result; even if the oft-mentioned scientific validity of it all is not something it ever seems concerned with itself.

The crew of an American base on Mars are forced to make an emergency departure leaving one crew-member behind presumed dead. But he is alive! Can the stranded astronaut find a way of communicating his plight to those on Earth and survive while he awaits rescue? A fairly standard 'castaway' plot but one which offers many dramatic possibilities. Unfortunately few of these are realised in this pedestrian movie which fails to generate any significant dramatic tension. This is partly because the characterisation is thin but also because the challenges the stranded astronaut faces seem to be so easily overcome. Starvation? Grow potatoes. Punctured space-helmet? Sticky tape. Mars rover vehicle lacking power? Wire up a few solar cells. Communications equipment destroyed? Motor over to a handy Mars lander. We never sense that the 'Martian' (Matt Damon) is in a desperate, mind- and body-sapping struggle against the odds (conveniently he is a botanist).Damon effectively portrays the 'Martian' as a likable guy but the problem is how to fill the two hours of the movie that remain after he is stranded? When a character is alone and unable to communicate it needs something exceptional to keep us glued to the screen. Maybe what's going on back home will do it. Not really because the cast of characters there are verging on cardboard cut-outs. The returning crew? Likewise. And the script is written on the assumption that the audience is a little dumb, e.g. A: It will be 500 Sols (Martian days) before we can rescue him. B: But his food will run out in 300 sols. C: So he'll die before we get there. Indeed! And so may we. The movie has some good FX and the Martian landscape looks convincing. But there's nothing exceptional here to compensate for the lack of an effectively told story.In essence this is an American feel-good fantasy film, celebrating ideals of technical omnipotence, racial harmony, gender equality and international collaboration (with those cool Chinese guys and gals). If only it were so. No wonder the credits rolled to the tune of The O' Jays singing 'Love Train'. School-kids will probably join in! But, to quote Sam Goldwyn, 'Include me out!'(Viewed at the Odeon, Warrington, 06 October 2015)

I am a bit of nerd of this kind of realistic science fiction movies and therefore I had high expectations of this movie. I regret to say I was disappointed.The movie tells the story of how the main character struggles to survive on Mars and how the space agencies work to get them back. But I was missing the emotions, the human touch. The main character never displays any signs of loneliness, despair or fear. He is more like "oh, looks like I'm stuck on Mars, let's grow potatoes". He makes a one- off reference to his parents in an electronic communication, but nowhere in the movie is it made clear what his main drive is to want to return to Earth. It appears as nothing ties him there. Maybe the directors wanted to avoid the cliché of the eight months pregnant and terminally ill wife eagerly awaiting her husband's return from a dangerous mission, but even a cliché had been better than nothing. His character is also too flat. The only character trait that is highlighted slightly in the movie is that he may be a bit too smug about himself. Nothing else to make me identify or sympathize with him. To be honest, I couldn't have cared less if he had not survived.The Mars landscape is beautifully rendered en very credible with dust clouds and all. This is the main attraction of the movie.The main problem that there is nothing novel about this movie. There have been better movies for every aspect of the film:Human aspect/psychology of being marooned in a strange place: Cast Away did it so much better; set in space: Matt Damon's role in Interstellar was more credible than his performance here. Space action scenes: Gravity had me on the edge of my seat Ground control scenes: Apollo 13 already set the standardIn summary, the movie is a beautiful, but hollow shell.

I can't really believe that I just finished watching a Ridley Scott science fiction movie and feeling this low, this one never felt like anywhere close to any of his classics. This is just nothing but a typical Hollywood s***. Matt did a poor performance as a character who is caught in a life and death situation. He is not scared or emotional but instead he keeps throwing Hollywood typical punch dialogues on your face like an Avenger hero when you are expecting Science. A make-up artist or a sound engineer from the set of "Big bang theory" would have written better science script and dialogues. For me there are plenty of "WTF" or "Seriously?" moments in this movie and I wonder what happened to one of the favorite directors of all time. Also repetitive high five/triumph scenes where we don't feel anything. To brief: Drag, bad drama, insensitive emotional scenes, poor acting, very less science, predictable and not at all funny punch dialogues! Just YIFY it, don't buy!

I wish I liked this movie more like a lot of moviegoers who are giving it good to even great reviews, but I left the theater with a bitter taste in my mouth I had to write this review to reconcile my feelings.Imagine a movie that takes from the glory of Gravity, Cast Away and Apollo 13 which also tries to be as hilarious and groovy as Guardians of The Galaxy at times but fails? You've got The Martian. The first 1/3 of the movie was quite engaging: An astronaut on Mars expedition team gets left behind after a huge storm because he was assumed dead. But he was alive and we watch him try and utilize every cell of his brains and science savvy to survive until help comes. But once he gets out of initial danger things get all too predictable and over-wrought. Couple of annoyances: 141 mins. About 30 mins too long for the storyline. There were too many mentions of Disco music the commander of the mission left behind to ill effect, unconvincing supporting characters on the Earth who seem to be just reciting a script, and some characters the movie shouldn't have had whatsoever (such as Kristen Wiig). Did Matt Damon do a good job ? I thought so until they showed a body double that didn't even resemble him and from there nothing he did was believable unfortunately. Had Damon actually lost weight without using a body double, I might have gotten more into the movie. But then again, he is no Christian Bale. So I wasn't expecting it but a little weight loss would have made him more convincing. A few good acting jobs came from Michael Pena and Benedict Wong whose characters added to the storytelling instead of subtracting it in the midst of too many unnecessary characters reciting an already weak script.

Having read the book, and being very impressed, I was looking forward to the movie interpretation. I was not the least bit disappointed. I was hoping this movie would not be an overacted, overproduced and sappy version of the original, and I was pleasantly surprised that the story played out without the overblown extraneous embellishment that Hollywood seems to depend on so often.It was great to see how the screenplay added extra material that was not in the book, and it enhanced the story to make it even better. The characters were interpreted with full respect to the intention of the author, Andy Weir, and nothing was overdone. The pacing and editing of this movie was some of the best I've seen, in fact, some of the one-liners from the book are done so quickly it pushed the story forward relentlessly. One thing that struck me is that everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, and I think that could be a testament to the originality and uniqueness of the book. I believe anyone who reads the book is captivated and involved with the story from beginning to end, and it's possible this comes across in all phases of the production; the acting, the sets, sound, everything. They all knew they had some great material to work with and ran with it.

Seeing that the movie was over 2 hrs long, and knowing that the person was going to be stuck on the planet by their self for the majority, I didn't have high hopes for it. Usually these types of movies are boring. Not a lot of writers can pull this off. This movie was really good tho. A group of us watched it and really enjoyed. There were some things they failed to explain, that we collectively came up with our own answer for. Other than that, it was great. I never felt bored or left waiting for more. Overall, I feel it was very well written, produced and acted. Well worth the watching. Some people on here have griped that it was 'predictable', but then, most movies are. Who ever watched Star Wars with the thought that Vader would ultimately win??? Who ever watched Star Trek thinking that Kirk wouldn't find a way to save the day? And frankly, who grew up watching Scooby Doo thinking that someone would actually kill Scooby, Shaggy, Fred, Daphne or Velma???

I read some of the reviews and decided to review this title myself. That's because I'd like you not to miss this lovely movie.It got some very bad criticism (Reviews&Ratings first page hosts at least 4 reviewers rating this title '1', lowest possible value on IMDb), most of which deals with Physics laws bended to screenwriter's desire. Well I just want to reassure you that even though I am among the nerdiest guys on the Internet, I didn't get annoyed from what I saw. Not once. And if you weren't annoyed by Tom Hanks and his boys killing almost an entire German Division before giving up in 'Save Private Ryan' you won't be annoyed too.It's a movie, not a documentary. And it's a great movie, a classic by all means.

It's so frustrating when so many people like and praise a movie that really doesn't deserve it. The Martian is such a movie. I had such high hopes for it after all the hype, and after reading reviews by smart critics I usually agree with, but it was such a disappointment. Here's why: Plausibility. Just like Gravity, there are so many non-sensical depictions of the physics of space travel, it makes my head hurt, and I'm not even a physicist. The characters and their actions are pretty implausible too, starting with Damon's chipper attitude about being left alone on a planet 100 million miles from Earth, but certainly not ending there. After realizing he is alone and will be for so long that he will run out of food, he gets the brilliant idea to try to grow his own, which we are supposed to take as a mark of his plucky brilliance. But he's a botanist! What would a botanist be doing on a space mission *except* studying how things grow? And then when an accident causes all his potato plants to die, the brains at NASA (who can't believe he figured a way to grow potatoes in the first place) instantly conclude (and tell us) that since the accident froze all the bacteria in the soil, he won't be able to grow any more. Why not? He still has potatoes to eat, and he still, presumably, shits occasionally, so he has all the ingredients he used the first time. Ugh! My brain hurts! Writing. The script seems written more by market researchers than a screenwriter. Corny little one-liners ("My balls are frozen!") appeal to the lowest common denominator in the audience, and the relentlessly happy tone makes being stranded on Mars seem like a big party, complete with disco music (literally). And the dialog!! There's a moment when Jeff Daniels, the head of NASA (whom it is hard to imagine has ever ever taken a science class or piloted anything) talks to the heads of the Chinese Space agency who offer (presumedly--we only hear his end of the conversation) to lend one of their ships to the rescue effort. He says, "Mmm Hmm. Okay. I see. Thank you." (That's what a discussion about loaning spacecraft between two space agencies sounds like.) Then he hangs up the phone, clenches his fists, and says, "Yes!" It's like Homer Simpson finding out there is still one donut left. That someone wrote that line is astounding. That the director and actor saw fit to actually shoot it is bewildering. That it survived the editing process and made it into the final cut--well, there should be an investigation. Pacing. It's a movie about being stranded on Mars for months and months. Why does it feel like a comedy by Woody Allen or Edgar Wright? There is never a pause, never a prolonged quiet moment that might begin to capture something of the unbelievable space and loneliness this movie is supposed to be about. Instead, it is a constant rapid fire of dialog and action. Even the scenes where he is communicating with Earth via text happens faster than I usually get with my iPhone and 4G. (NASA technicians mention, at one point, that there is a 25 minute delay between all communications, but the filmmakers hope we forget this two minutes later when all the subsequent conversations happen instantly). Then there is the rest of the crew and their additional unplanned two years of extra time stuck in the spaceship, going all the way BACK to Mars to pick up what they left there. If I have to run back home to get something I forgot, the trip always seems infuriatingly long. But not these cheery space travelers! Another two years in space! No problem! And it takes only two minutes of screen time. Piece of cake! AGH! What a frustrating experience. If you want a sugar-coated popcorn movie that will make you think that if being on stranded on Mars isn't really so bad, why complain about our petty little problems here on Earth? then this movie might be for you. It does for being stranded in space what The Shawshank Redemption does for being in prison. It tries to tell us that it's really not THAT bad after all. It's such a lie, and such a disappointment, all the more so because there are so many serious issues and exciting psychological and scientific aspects about space that could have been explored here.

I don't usually like to give movie reviews - but it was a hot weekend and I figured maybe I'd venture out and see what the culture had to offer. So just how bad was "The Martian?" So bad that after an hour I realized I would rather be back in the sweltering 97 degree heat than sitting in an air conditioned theater listening to anymore inane dialog (lines like "F**k you Mars!" and "I'm going to science the S**T out of it!") In fact it would appear that a prerequisite for going into the space program is at least six months of doing stand up. (BAD stand up.) Why does everyone (and I mean EVERYONE) in the movie sound like one of those guys on "The Big Bang Theory?" Snarky and idiotic and always cracking wise. Also: Why did every character, while typing, READ what he's typing out loud? Has anyone ever done this EVER? And what was with all the expository dialog, (the whole script was expository as far as I'm concerned) Throughout the movie Matt Damon talks into a video camera, making a diary and yet he only says things that everyone who would potentially WATCH the video would of course already know, things like: "Oh yeah, did I tell you? I'm a botanist." It's clear he was attempting to speak directly to the viewer and NOT the imaginary audience in the movie itself. This is the laziest kind of writing there is. They don't know how to deliver plot anymore except to dump bowling balls of ham fisted information in your lap; telling you things you've already figured out in the most obvious way possible. That meant that there was absolutely ZERO tension. It was like reading an instruction manual for a microwave oven. "How do I grow potatoes? Oh look there's some poo." (cue the laugh track) And Ridley Scott's direction was as slack as an industrial film. False stakes, false resolutions, false falseness. Now,I know I only managed to make it through the first hour or so; maybe it got really good after that, but I was starting to feel my brain cells beginning to atrophy so it was from a sense of self- preservation that I skedaddled out of there when I did. (And don't get me started on the disco songs and requisite jokes about 'bad musical taste.' It was just more target-market reconstituted nostalgia-bait.) If there is a more unoriginal, un-involving, unbelievable waste of time out there, I haven't seen it. So of course: Line up the Oscars!

The film is the finest examples of science fiction and science fiction embodies everything required. Matt Damon has given the right role until the end of the case. Besides the fact that one does not really need. All movies have moved on their own. We have seen examples of this, such as the Buried and 127 Hours of very good quality movies. The master Ridley Scott's science fiction after a long separation has made a great comeback with this film case. After this film, Ridley Scott disappointing those who say the sound was cut. Thank you for this wonderful film Ridley masters. Maybe the best in 2015, as I mentioned in the title.

In an era where science-fiction survival tales are becoming a popular occurrence - with 'Interstellar' last year, and 'Gravity' the year before - writer Andy Weir and sci-fi connoisseur Ridley Scott team up to craft a complex tale that is carried by a single character, that character being Mark Watney, played fantastically by Matt Damon (Hollywood's biggest calamity, who requires being rescued... again).As the film tees off, we are instantly given a first-person view of the dangers of Mars and the fight for survival each astronaut is living out each day on the planet's surface, that is until their emergency evacuation - but nope, even Damon couldn't do that right. Abandoned upon the desolate surface of Mars after being presumed dead by his crew, Damon must do all he can to endure the martian environment. One huge thing I admire about this film's plot, is that it doesn't care about the intellectual level of its audience, as the quote above states so well: it'll science the s**t out of them. It's such a complex and well-executed premise that on paper seems nothing more than a impossible feat to pull off.Technically this film is stunning, the cinematography, the CGI, the production design, all utterly gorgeous, and according to the Golden Globes, it's one of the best comedies of recent years too... yeah, sure. Admittedly the tongue-in-cheek humour does add a more fresh appeal to the film, making it a little more unique than previous sci-fi adventures, it piles on layers of thrills, emotional value and complex character development to create one of the finest science fiction films of recent years.

This tedious family adventure film is the latest contribution to the popular and well established 'Where Are We Rescuing Matt H. Damon From This Week?' genre.I like Matt H. Damon, I really do. But he's been making it very difficult recently, and this 2+ hour marathon just doesn't help.Damon plays an astronaut accidentally marooned on Mars by a storm that literally could not happen because Mars lacks the necessary atmospheric conditions, where he must somehow survive with nothing but an unlimited supply of electricity, an unlimited supply of water, an entirely self- sufficient artificial habitat, half a dozen spare space suits, multiple land vehicles and probes (all in perfect working order), food supplies intended for half a dozen people, and a large quantity of magical potato seedlings that grow to maturity in just a few days despite a complete absence of soil nutrients.Since the first act establishes that Damon is so well set up he doesn't actually need rescuing, Ridley Scott fabricates a second act 'emergency' in a vain attempt to raise tension (it doesn't).Damon keeps in contact with Earth via a magical transmission technology that provides full HD streaming with no latency whatsoever, allowing him to have real time conversations with NASA headquarters, where everyone does and says whatever they want because there is no chain of command even though it's ostensibly run by Jeff Daniels (played by Jeff Daniels).His fellow astronauts remain hovering above Mars, beaming their own HD stream to NASA by the use of a magical camera that automatically homes in on Damon regardless of where he is on the planet.NASA builds a brand new rocket from scratch in less than 14 days so they can send Damon a fresh load of unlimited supplies. It explodes immediately after takeoff because Ridley Scott still has another hour to fill. Meanwhile Damon accidentally blows up his potatoes.NASA's lone Chinese employee suddenly remembers that his uncle has a private rocket he's never got around to using, so they phone China and ask if NASA can borrow it. The uncle agrees so the Chinese government sends it into space immediately, where it is instead caught by Damon's astronaut colleagues, who nick all the supplies.Meanwhile Damon is travelling to the other side of the planet, where he intends to escape using a previously unsuspected bonus rocket that just happens to be lying around the place in perfect working order. Damon can't carry his unlimited supply of water and only has enough room in his vehicle for a few sandwiches, but by a remarkable stroke of luck it turns out that his body is capable of indefinite peak physical performance despite minimal hydration and a complete lack of nutrition, so that's OK. Also it turns out that the gravity on Mars is exactly the same as Earth's, so he hasn't lost any muscle tone.Damon arrives at the bonus rocket and is told by NASA that it's actually too heavy to lift off the planet despite being designed for that exact purpose (???) The only solution is to remove the nose of the rocket, which is actually easier than it sounds because the entire spacecraft is made of Lego and can be easily disassembled by a single undernourished man with no tools.With the nose of the rocket removed, Damon risks being killed by the extreme physical pressure generated by takeoff. NASA points out that a simple tarpaulin is strong enough to protect him, so he finds a spare one from... somewhere... and straps it on.Damon's fellow astronauts pair their ship with his rocket using Bluetooth, and take over the controls. Damon is almost crushed to a pulp as the rocket leaves Mars, because it turns out that tarpaulin isn't as strong as industrial steel after all.Somebody on the astronauts' ship blows something up because of reasons, and this somehow makes it easier for one of them to rescue Damon, who has jumped out of his rocket and is now flying towards their ship with the aid of a hole in the finger of his space suit and an unlimited supply of pressurised oxygen.NASA is helpfully streaming this heroic rescue to the entire planet using their magical realtime HD stream, because of course they are.Damon and his fellow astronauts arrive home safely just a few hours later, and Damon is rewarded with a free pair of glasses. Henceforth, everyone must call him 'Doctor.' Because doctors have glasses.I rate The Martian at 13.32 on the Haglee Scale, which works out as a mediocre 4/10 on IMDb.

The Martian is a new Ridley Scott classic, featuring his best work in years, the best performance I've ever seen from Matt Damon, an outstanding supporting cast, a surprisingly funny screenplay from Daredevil creator Drew Goddard, and a great narrative that ties the film together beautifully. As expected with Ridley Scott films, the film itself is visually stunning. The landscape of Mars looks absolutely breathtaking, and the scenes aboard the Hermes and back on Earth are just as sharp in detail and scope. The way he chose to make this film made it almost seem like an exceptionally made biopic. Many times during this film, I legitimately believed that Mark Watney was a real, living person that was actually stranded on Mars for many months alone. It's Cast Away meets Apollo 13, and this marriage is crafted beautifully. Matt Damon is absolutely brilliant in this film. He plays Watney with so much optimism that it actually makes the depressing aspect of the film not as depressing for me. However, when he has to put on his dramatic chops in certain scenes, he truly commits to the drama of the situation, and that right there is true Ridley Scott suspense for you. The supporting cast, everyone involved, all do great work as well. Jeff Daniels, Jessica Chastain, particularly Chiwetel Ejiofor. He is one of the best actors working today, and this movie and 12 Years a Slave shows how far he's come. The most surprisingly element about this movie though was the screenplay. The film is hilarious in some parts, in fact I'd argue that it's funnier than most comedies that have come out this year. What makes to movie unique to me was Watney's optimistic point of view. He believes that he isn't going to die on Mars, and this transforms this rather depressing situation into something comical instead. But when you really think about it, this is a very personal film about some people coming together to save somebody. That's it. And in today's world, it's nice to hear an story about people coming together to save one of their own. I have nothing bad to say about The Martian. It's the best film I've seen all year.

I was waiting for this movie for a few weeks and was greatly disappointed when I finally watched it.It doesn't matter if the number of potatoes to survive is accurate, if you are using toxic rocket fuel to make water, you do not feel lonely and isolated, and you are not worried about oxygen - you are just having fun - isolated for 300-500 days without anyone or anything else around - the guy seems pretty comfortable and not worried.Impossible to connect with characters. Too many stereotypes. Blatant sales and marketing, actor and story picks for the sake of selling more tickets.I hope I will save my money and time, next movie like this comes out.

I am genuinely amazed at the number of bad reviews there are on here for The Martian. Now I never read the book, but I absolutely LOVED the film. So much so, I watched it twice within a week. It has been such a long time since I have been left with that wonderful sense of satisfaction after investing two hours in a really good movie, and this did it 100%I am usually left highly disappointed after watching this genre of film, so I wasn't expecting much. Something like Gravity I thought, great special affects, dramatic scenes, and an average storyline, but The Martian was a whole different calibre of film and was perfectly constructed from start to finish. I was instantly thrown in to a scene where astronaut Mark Watney and his crew are setting about their mission on Mars. But the sh*t hits the fan about ten minutes in where a storm causes Watney to be thrown from the crew and left for dead. There was no long lingering introduction to the film and its characters, just instant drama and character development. This forcibly got me caring for the entire crew, and got me emotionally invested until the end.Matt Damon has always been good at what he does, but I felt he hadn't really shown off his true raw talent since Good Will Hunting back in 1997. Well he did in this. He was captivating in every single scene, and managed to do what Tom Hanks achieved in Cast Away and single handedly gripped the viewers' attention completely (with the help of a beautifully crafted script). Another reviewer got it bang on when they described it as Apollo 13 meets Castaway. The exact comparison I too had made and a combination, which works superbly. The makers of this film put so much effort in to making it scientifically accurate which made it all the more pleasurable to watch. There was nothing far-fetched or stupid like in a lot of films of the same genre, and the combination of this, with a solid plot made for a truly interesting, exciting and enjoyable film.There was drama, great effects, humour, heartwarming moments, a great soundtrack and a flawless screenplay. If you only see one movie this year, make it this one. An absolute must see.

The Martian is a science fiction film starring Matt Damon and directed by Ridley Scott. I'm a big fan of Ridley Scott's work as a director, but I feel that most of his recent films have been very hit and miss. However, The Martian serves as a firm reminder as to why I am a fan of him in the first place. Not since Interstellar have I seen a sci-fi movie this thought-provoking or cleverly written.After an intense sandstorm devastates a manned mission to Mars, the crew are forced to abandon the desolate planet and astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is presumed dead and left stranded. Unbeknownst to the crew, Watney survived, albeit injured from the storm, and tries to find ways to survive the inhospitable climate of the red planet. Being a botanist, Watney figures out how to grow food for himself out of the crew's leftover vegetable supplies and uses his scientific knowledge to create water using hydrogen crystals and oxygen from the crew's base camp. However, these supplies can only sustain him for a matter of months as a rescue mission from Earth will take 4 years to reach him. Watney must find a way to signal back to Earth that he is alive and is in urgent need of rescuing before he runs out of food and water.Despite its somewhat bleak tone of survival in a hostile terrain, the film still manages to have its fair share of funny and heartwarming moments, which are seamlessly intertwined into the film's more dramatic scenes. Matt Damon is perfectly cast as the wisecracking, yet intelligent astronaut Mark Watney and his positive attitude toward his survival is what keeps us invested in the story. The rest of the cast are great too, which includes Jeff Daniels, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Kate Mara, Jessica Chastain, and even Donald Glover from Community. I was also particularly pleased with the film's pacing, there was never a moment that felt rushed or slow and boring. This is a welcome return to form for the legendary director Ridley Scott.I rate it a solid 9/10.

This movie can be summed up with one word... vapid. As if Matt Damon's inherently vapid acting weren't bad enough, the makers of this film were so overtly focused on presenting an idyllic reality where no character behaves in any offensive way, to anybody, they produced an un-suspenseful, uninteresting, boring, vapid turd of a story. They fall over themselves to be so certain that no minority demographic is stereotyped that all characters have the sane vapid personality. And in what seems to be some sort of perverse effort to recompense reality, a very transparent hierarchy is followed to be certain that: the Black people are the most clever; the Hispanic people are next most clever; the Asian people are next most clever(carefully not portrayed as exceptionally smart), and of course the women are more clever than the men. Of course the only flawed demographic were older white male authority figures. To me this liberal, philosophical portrayal of what an ideal reality is reveals that they are the true bigots, the haters. They hate the differences that make people interesting. Ethnicity, femininity / masculinity, and their different traits should be loved and celebrated, not shamed, muted, or eliminated. It is the interaction of those differences that create an interesting story, not a vapid one.

Exceptional sci-fi drama from Ridley Scott about an astronaut (Matt Damon) stranded on Mars and the efforts made to rescue him. As others have pointed out, there's more than a little bit here that reminds you of movies like Apollo 13 and Cast Away (particularly the former). I fail to see how that's a knock on it but it's being presented as such by some. We all come to movies with our own expectations and baggage. I'm not a Scott fanboy expecting him to wow me (his last two films were not great). I just wanted to be entertained and this did the trick. It's a movie aimed at the masses that is smarter than your average movie aimed at the masses. Maybe it's not for all nerds (a quick glance at some of the reviews shows a lot of inane nit-picking from people who seem to have no concept of dramatic license), but I didn't find the movie dumbed-down at all. I also want to say how much I appreciated that this managed to stay remarkably light and positive while still maintaining the tension, proving once again that you don't have to be depressing to be good drama. If you haven't seen The Martian yet, you should. It's a great film with a first-rate cast, good direction, and stellar effects. If you're just looking for a quality movie to entertain you for a while, this should be something you'll enjoy.

If you've ever wondered if Tom Hanks went even further adrift in Castaway then this could be the answer you're looking for.An Earth team are on Mars carrying out tests on the surface of The Red Planet, a message comes through from Earth warning of a huge and fast approaching storm. The team quickly assemble and flee, unfortunately Mark Watney is caught in the storm, loses his communication device and presumed dead. Watney has survived and has a harsh realism that he's abandoned on Mars with precious little supplies, no company and little chance of survival. Being 50 million miles away and 4 years away in terms of rescue life seems bleak. Watney has to defy the odds in order to survive.Ridley Scott is responsible for so many wonderful films, and for many The Martian will sit among them.This is a beautifully made film, it looks incredible, I love the realisation of Mars's surface, truly brilliant, wasn't going to be otherwise with the budget they had. The music is interesting, the score itself is quite subtle, but the tunes from Abba, Gloria Estefan etc are so random.The pacing of the film is very cleverly done, never does it feel rushed, and on very few occasions does it feel slow or padded. If i'm honest at twenty minutes I was questioning how the film was possibly going to last over two hours.Matt Damon shows his class, he carries the film on his shoulders, he gives a stellar performance as Mark, cannot be faulted. Some of the others in the film were a little hit and miss, I enjoyed Chiwetel Ejiofor very much. Jeff Daniels was fairly good. Kristen Wiig seemed an odd choice, but she was good too.It was better then I expected, I enjoyed it a lot 8/10

Boy, I haven't hated a movie this much in a long time. I actually just joined IMDb (I have been a long term viewer) in order to vent this out of my system, and to express my amazement that this terrible, vapid, cliché movie won a Golden Globe and is nominated for the Oscar best movie of the year. What the heck is going on? Are Aliens sucking the brain matter out of us little by little so that we actually think this tripe is not only good, but great? A script a high schooler could have written, bad acting, terrible dialogue, one dimensional characters you don't care about, bad disco music, overly politically correct casting, mistakes in basic "science", stupid hap-hap-happy ending where everyone in the world (literally) is jumping, smiling and hugging each other, I could go on and on. This movie was so bad we actually kept watching it, like the morbid curiosity of looking at an auto accident. My favorite line of the movie was when Jeff Daniels said that the Matt Damon character would be fine with his supplies "as long as nothing goes wrong". I looked at my husband and said sarcastically "Gee, I wonder if something is going to go wrong", and wouldn't you know it, in the very next scene it does. We have sworn off any future Ridley Scott movies, for good. He is obviously in cahoots with the Aliens sucking out all our brain matter.

Spoilers below. The worst thing about about this movie was that everything is so hard to believe because it's such nonsense. It doesn't follow basic physic laws. It doesn't take much to get me invested in a movie as a viewer, but this just goes too far. The absolute worst flaw is not even all the fake science, nor I'd it the overuse of disco music or the fact that the astronaut doesn't really get desperate and only makes cheesy jokes... No, it's the fact that China's space program has some secret spaceship which they want to reveal and give up for the eyes of the world to save one unknown American dude. That just doesn't make any sense. First of all, China could care less, also, why give up a rocket on which you've been apparently working in secret, just to send food up to space? And if all this would happen for some strange reason... America responds with 'ok. I see. Thank you'. Hangs up and goes ' yessssssss.' Idiotic.

The Martian, based on the novel of the same name written by author Andy Weir, is an eventful movie that serves both as an epic sci-fi adventure, but also provides viewers with some smart laughs. Those are who not that interested in sci-fi will probably end up liking the movie, because it is not unrealistic. Acting wise, Matt Damon puts in an excellent performance as the lead, and supporting actors such as Jessica Chastain, also put in solid performances. Probably one of the best aspects of the film, is that the mood of the movie is quite optimistic, considering that the situation of being stuck on mars, is quite a scary one, that requires a lot of panic. In Conclusion, The martian is a fun, smart movie, that is likely to be enjoyed by most audiences who watch it.

Wow this was a bad one, I thought Interstellar was painful but this was even worse (I know hard to believe!) My favourite part in the whole movie was when Matt points out that an explosion which occurred in a particular room during an experiment he was conducting was due to (you'll love this!) him exhaling too much oxygen into the room! Correct me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure we exhale CO2 and inhale O2. I think even a fifth grader would be able to tell me that. I nearly cried with laughter when I heard him say that line and how he kept a straight face is beyond me, unless he thinks its true of course.This was just the beginning of the lack of believable science in this movie and it was so painful to watch after more and more random unbelievable events started popping up. His one line killed the movie for me, from that point on I was looking for more "errors" and they just kept on coming.Anyway to cover the opening sequence with how poor Matt ends up left on Mars to die, well there's a big storm that no one seems coming, they all rush to their landing vehicle to hot tail it back up to their orbiting mothership. Matt gets a whack in the gut with something (which we later find out pierced his suit completely but yet somehow the suit manages to stay pressurised with a hole in it) and decides to pass out. The rest of the crew fly back up to the mothership and, get this, immediately set course for home! They don't stay in orbit for say another 24 hours and recover Matt's body they just leg it back home asap. Odd I thought for a NASA mission to just abandon him and not say bring the body back for his family to bury.When poor Matt wakes up he finds all the communications are down and all his friends gone. And by communications I mean the one satellite dish that was stuck to the habitat roof has blown down in the storm and been completely demolished, but not one of the solar panels outside is damaged, just a bit sandy. Seeing how comms back to Earth would be one of the critical systems would there not be 3 or 4 other methods of calling home, redundancies in case of a disaster? NASA didn't see the point in having any of those backups on this mission to Mars, what could possibly go wrong? Another good one is when he is told to drill and cut a whole in the roof of a perfectly airtight rover and sticky tape a big plastic balloon to the top of it. No reason is given for this yet it happens, I think it's so he can take some more plastic painting sheets with him but I cant be certain. Also wouldn't this drilling and cutting a big hole compromise the pressurisation integrity rendering the vehicle unsafe to drive around in without a space suite on, oh but not for Matt, he happily drives around Mars with no suit on at all with his new plastic sticky taped sunroof fitted trying to work out how far he can get on his batteries while whinging about how he'll never make it to the RV due to lack of power all the while singing along to the stereo with more flood lights turned on than at a football stadium. Um turn some crap off Matt that'll save you some juice.Again another scene in the movie, an airlock somehow gets blown to bits and a big gaping whole is left in the side of the habitat Matt lives in. The solution, a big piece of plastic sheet and more sticky tape, he then repressurises the habitat and somehow his sticky taped plastic painting sheet is able to hold up fine, outside there are wild storms going on (which are visible through a few of the more believable looking pressurised windows) raging away and not one single piece of debris punches through his plastic painting drop sheet or does any damage to his rover or solar panels.The mission to get him home is to send back the craft which ran away and left him in the beginning. NASA didn't tell the crew of the ship for months that he was still alive as they didn't want to hurt their feelings! So the plan to get him back is drive the mothership all the way back to Earth, do some gravity sling shot thing around Earth (sounds like Apollo 13?) rendezvous with a supplies pod (food and movies onboard probably) and fly all the way back to Mars and pick him up as he fires himself into space from a lander (after stripping out all the gear inside, removing the roof and covering it with another plastic painting sheet held on with sticky tape to save weight) already there for the next disastrous mission to Mars NASA has already cooked up.For me this movie just went too far, way beyond what any normal person with a even a tiny grasp of science can cope with. I cannot believe Ridley, NASA and JPL were happy to have their names mentioned let alone their relevant ground breaking departments portrayed with such a lack of any real science.I know it's a SciFi movie but you have to get the basics right and have some kind of explanation for the viewer to be able to buy into the ludicrous things which take place in the movie. Otherwise it just becomes a complete bore to watch and the viewer spends their time looking for more flaws.My opinion, save yourself the money, stay home, get a pizza in & watch Blade Runner on BluRay again :-)

because I care about the future, I looked forward to this movie. But while i watched it, it was a struggle to make it to the end. I'm very disappointed. Easily i blame the director, but there is a bigger production team who failed. They created a film of shallow, lame, cliché stereotypes with bad developed characters.It's all about the hero. It's not about "Matt Damon in his best role". When he's suppose to be funny, it's the worst. Jessica Chastain was brilliant in Interstellar, so now she lights up another successful chapter of imaginary human spaceflight ? Sorry, I much more think of a massive loss of image.If you wish to make future NASA look smart, cute and sexy, do not pick Jeff Daniels as it's director ! Every time 'Teddy' shows up, I expected Jim Carrey dancing to the disco sound. It wasn't even funny once to blame Lewis for her taste of music, and it wasn't funny to blame her again and again. Please, Mister Scott, if you grab one more time into the box of stereotypes and transform actors like Sean Bean, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jeff Daniels Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain and Michael Peña into fools: retire ! Thank you.P. S. Hold on, you didn't fail on Mackenzie Davis, she made NASA look cute.

Do not trust any review above 2 stars. I think such users are payed reviewers.I went to watch this "movie" not expecting much, but what i get was a total frustration. I'd like to get a refund for the ticked i payed because i felt cheated. The movie is insulting to human intelligence. Totally pointless, superficial and from a scientific point of view, is an insult to every scientist. In addition i hope the NASA will call the production to a courtyard for how they have been represented in the movie. Acting is quite often terrible too, no psychological immersion, all is a joke and with a little montage everything become possible... this movie is a waste of money and time, i want my money back!!!Do not waste money and time over this one!THE SPOILER PART REAT AT YOUR OWN DISCRECTION: Think about : 1- growing potato over a soil not tested fertilized with astronauts "poo"... what about bacteria ? What about soil minerals and PH ? ... why he had potatoes in a martian station? (that's a joke)2- why there is no scientific team studying and calculating ? Just a bunch of guys wandering around saying "yes" to the big boss or the minor actor acting like the "genius" ?? 3- No information control at the NASA center??? Are you kidding me ??? An astronauts left alone over mars, does a real-time chatting with a "guy" (not even a psychologist) and such conversations are real-time public shared !!!! ARE YOU F*****G KIDDIN ME????? 4- sorry i forgot to mention that in such movie radiation are totally ignored, as you will never see the reflecting visor down even in "free space" while glancing at sunThere are tons of those nonsenses in the movie... i just have time to write down 4, but all the movie is 2 hours of such nonsenses.TO CONCLUDE: this "movie" is an insult to the viewer, who liked it does ignore even the basic concepts of science, a terrible superficial plot. This "movie" is a scam, a fraud to steal our money. I've been cheated, listen to me and don't be fooled keep you time and money for something better.

Man, I was so disappointed by this movie! Did I have too high expectations? I don't think so. If you have a bunch of actually Hollywood-A-class actors and a director who made "Blade Runner" and "Alien", you are officially allowed to have expectations! But they all failed terribly in my opinion. I could rant about the bad jokes, the awful soundtrack and the cheesy 3D-renderings - why didn't they manage one single time to make these things, the ship, the rover, actually look big? It all looked like toys! Awful! But my biggest complaint is the terrible storytelling! The movie had zero suspense from beginning to end. It was always, hey we have a problem, let's have a cool dialog/monologue, and then, hey, we'll solve the problem within the next minute - no problem at all! Hey, I got no milk in the fridge, OK I'll get some from the supermarket... That level of depth. I didn't feel for one single minute with the main character and I couldn't have cared less, when he had died in the end. There was at some points emotional music and we all were told, that this and that is dangerous and what not. But I couldn't feel it at all. Just for comparison: "Gravity" had me on the edge of the seat and "Interstellar" had me hold my breath. Not to mention "Moon", "Blade Runner" and "Odyssee". Wasn't there a time, when Ridley Scott made actually great movies? Do yourself a favor and spend the money on something else. This movie isn't worth it.

This movie is so science-y. You will just love how much it quotes science. Like, you know, real science. And that is why I loved this movie. Science tells us that everything in it is totally possible. Anybody who doesn't like this movie must be anti-science. Because science rules. It's like Neil DeGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye had a love child. And Carl Sagan.But don't just go for all the science. The story is so unique. I know Matt Damon just famously played a brilliant NASA astronaut who got stranded on a planet in the movie Interstellar, and that Jessica Chastain was also in that one, but it is not like Interstellar at all (what was with that weird ending, anyway??). The Martian has its own unique plot centered around a team of brilliant NASA scientists in Houston trying to get their astronauts home after a difficult journey that had to be cut short, but it is not like Apollo 13. Sure, in both movies they don't have enough fuel, and there is an explosion on board, and they have to use this brilliantly hatched scheme to use gravitational pull to propel them. But get this: while Apollo 13 had its astronauts being propelled around the moon, The Martian has them going around Earth! Science says that the earth is way bigger than the moon, which makes this way cooler. Nope, not at all like the entire movie Apollo 13. Oh, and also, there is a great part at the end that made me feel just like I was watching Gravity again. You'll know the part when you see it. But really it is nothing like Gravity.It is so funny through the whole movie when Matt Damon explains everything in minute detail as it happens. Such a brilliant choice by the writer and director. Exposition like that is so scientific because he has to know all those big words in order to explain everything. I can imagine all the anti-science global warming deniers' heads exploding at these parts, but if you're anything like me, you will find yourself nodding along and thinking, "Yep! I know what he's talking about!" Example: that moment he had to make his own water and he said, "Fortunately, I know the recipe. Take hydrogen. Add oxygen. Burn." So true!Again, The Martian is a smart, complex movie. Luckily, in another brilliant choice by director Ridley Scott, title cards appear at the beginning of nearly every scene explaining where the action is taking place, and who is taking part in it. I found this extremely helpful, as it was a bit confusing when it would switch from Mars to Earth all the time. Plus, it was extremely gratifying when I would see a new character, and before I even had time to think who the heck is that, lo and behold, his or her name and title would appear to clear away all doubt.Then there's the music: So many familiar tunes!And I've been hearing a lot about perhaps the most quotable line of any movie for years—you know the line—let me just say it because it is so funny: "I'm gonna have to science the s*** out of this." --That is said by Matt Damon's character, Mark Watney, who is literally one of the smartest and most capable men ever. But as you can tell, he isn't all stuffy, you know? He is really funny. Can I just quote some more of his hilarious lines? I couldn't stop laughing the whole way through as he smugly said these things to the audience, I mean his camera:"Hi, I'm Mark Watney and I'm still alive... obviously.""I don't want to come off as arrogant here, but I'm the greatest botanist on this planet.""Mars will come to fear my botany powers.""So yeah, I'm f***ed.""In your face, Neil Armstrong!""Tell Commander Lewis, disco sucks." "F***!""So I blew myself up.""Mark Watney: Space Pirate.""I admit it's fatally dangerous, but I'd get to fly around like Iron Man.""F*** you, Mars."Anyway, he is hilarious as you can tell, and this movie definitely deserves all the praise it is getting for its humor alone. You will just love this.Ten/Ten "Stars" (Get it?)

The Martian (2015) directed by Ridley Scott, written by Drew Goddard, based on the novel by Andy Weir. This is not the film you think it is. To elaborate, the premise of the The Martian suggests a tale about one man's solitary struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds as he overcomes one hurdle after another while stranded on Mars. Isolated and detached from humanity in every sense of the word we would expect to see a mans emotional and intellectual battle with this overbearing desolation and the pain of never seeing his loved ones again. However, in stark contrast to this what we get is an eternally optimistic film with a persistently upbeat, wise-cracking protagonist set to a soundtrack of '70s disco music. The tone is consistently light throughout, save for a few fleeting moments such as when Matt Damon's character mentions his parents on earth or the brief moments when something doesn't quite go to plan at NASA. When they do encounter a problem it's resolved so quickly it scarcely seems to have posed any threat. The films insistence on never getting weighed down by it's subject matter unfortunately means that it fails to produce any real tension. From very early on in the film it's clear that everything will be OK by the end, one way or another this astronaut is getting home safe, that much you can be sure on. Consequently what we have then is an entertaining, easy to watch space travel story in which we watch an astronaut devise some nifty scientific devices to help him survive in his man made habitat while he waits for NASA to rescue him. There are several scenes where Damon's character actually seems to be enjoying himself. The character development is paper thin, he starts of a self assured, relatively cheerful every-man who endears himself to us almost instantly. By the end of the film he remains exactly that, his harrowing experience of surviving a harsh alien wasteland after being left for dead by his crew has failed to instill even the slightest sense of self-reflection or introspective behavior. The question then remains, does this make it a 'bad' film? My answer is no. It's just not what you'd expect from a Ridley Scott sci-fi. It's an easy going film with a likable protagonist, a healthy dose of humour with just a touch of sentimentality. I will say that I appreciated that we had both a female captain leading the space crew and not even the slightest hint of an unnecessary romantic subplot. Adjust your expectations and you'll have a good time. If, however, you were hoping for a masterpiece of suspense that brilliantly captures the terrifying dangers of space, Scott already made that film in 1979.

After sleeping through Gravity and laughing through Interstellar, (a fine unintentional comedy if ever there was one), it's good to see a contemporary Sci-fi tell the story well - and do the science right.I am not a big Matt Damon fan, mainly because of his loudmouthed lefty nonsense and his limited acting range, but he was very good in this. The support cast were also excellent, especially the always compelling black guy who I can't spell the name of and Harry Dunne.There was some unfortunate pandering by Sir Ridley to the PC brigade, which the film could have done without. The Gen-Y unhygienic (accurate), disorganised, (accurate), disrespectful (accurate), black guy, who also happened to be an astrodynamics genius rocket scientist, (inaccurate), was a poor casting choice. Also to suggest the Chinese would give a fat rat's crack about an American astronaut....at the expense of their state rocket-technology secrets....is laughably far-fetched. Probably more far fetched than flying into space in a roofless/windowless capsule.But putting the film's failings aside, at least Ridley told a good story, laced it with plenty of well-explained science, spliced it with genuine humour and soaked it in amazing vistas of the Martian landscape. Plus he showed that if you put a woman in charge of a dangerous mission, she will ultimately fail. This degree of honesty is refreshing, in an age where every second antagonist is a flimsy female (beating up men ten times her size), or a female weapons expert/assassin/whatever.Show em as they are, Ridley. Well done.All in all a great film where I expected a load of boring tripe.8/10.

I watched this movie with a friend who has no technical background, and she pronounced it good. I should note that my friend is Canadian, and with the possible exception of Neil Young, Canadians are an innately polite people.Meanwhile, being American, I was laughing internally until I spotted. I also note that I knew the author of the book (when he was a kid) through a workplace and personal friendship with his father. Andy Weir is an incredibly gifted science geek, as is his dad. I therefore know that none of the gross scientific transgressions in the film can be blamed on his ignorance. Andy openly admits to willfully ignoring a few things like the thin Martian atmosphere in the interest of moving the story forward. He correctly understood the impatience of miseducated Americans with annoyances such as basic laws of physics. IOW, he took the movie money and ran, like the smart kid I know him to be. So I would say that any idiotic disregard of science on screen—the use of Visqueen and duct tape to secure a 6 foot hole vacated by (richly ironic) a blown hatch cover against a 50,000 pound pressure gradient, for example—resulted either from production or directorial indifference. The list of anti-Newtonian horrors goes on, and gets funnier, particularly when Matt Damon punctures his space glove and uses the escaping oxygen to propel himself toward his rescuer. Next, I was half expecting the crew of the rescuing spacecraft to line up, bend over, and torch off an ensemble fart to correct a course deviation.In any case, this movie was not intended to portray a real human battle against nature, as was so wonderfully chronicled in Apollo 13.Rather, The Martian was intended to make money by playing on current themes of political correctness and the warm fuzzies of international cooperation, framed by the awesomeness of space.It fails spectacularly even at this wretched goal—not at making money, you understand, but the furtherance of World Peace—placing its bets on star power, flaccid dialogue, dumbass jokes and cheap CGI effects instead of a solid script, good acting and a credible stab at realism. Jeff Daniels as the director of NASA? My God...Watch this movie only if you're looking for something to distract you from doing something more useful, such as expressing the dog's impacted anal glands.Higher emotional content can be found by chopping up an onion.

First off I just want to stress that this is absolutely the kind of film you want to see on the big screen; don't wait for it to come out on DVD! The Mars landscape is truly stunning and the visual effects look fantastic.I didn't really know what to expect when walking into the cinema today. I knew it was about some guy getting stuck on Mars, but that's about it. I had no idea that what I was about to watch would end up being one of my favourite movies of the year.The whole of planet Earth is trying to help Mark get home after he's been left behind on Mars and presumed dead. You can clearly see the emotion of those at the NASA command centre who are pulling all their resources together to make it work. The dedication and loyalty of Mark's crew is captivating as they come up with an idea to supersede NASA's original plan and swing the Hermes around the Earth and back towards Mars to pick their fellow astronaut up.And, of course, there are Mark's struggles on Mars. This botanical genius of an astronaut is forced to grow his own food and ration his resources so that he can survive long enough for help to arrive. His creativity, innovations, and breadth of knowledge undoubtedly save his life in this impossible situation. I lost count of how many times the cinema erupted into laughter. There were so many clever lines and witty comments that you couldn't leave the cinema without a smile on your face. But despite the comedy, this film was able to be very gripping and tense when it needed to be: Mark removing the shrapnel from his stomach, NASA's failed attempt to launch the supply probe, the malfunction in the base on Mars leading to all of his work being ruined, and the Hermes crew desperately trying everything they can to readjust their course towards Mark are all great examples of where The Martian excels dramatically.I also really liked that they were able to show the effect of such severe rationing: Mark loses substantial weight and muscle (I know it was a body-double, but still the effect is the same). In addition, the visible tooth decay was a nice touch which just goes to show how polished and attentive to detail the film is.Needless to say, the cast was phenomenal: Matt Damon (Bourne), Jeff Daniels (The Newsroom), Sean Bean (Game of Thrones), Kate Mara (House of Cards), and Chiwetel Ejiofor (12 Years a Slave) just to name a few.Several of the criticisms I have seen of this film are, to me, actually its strengths: the main protagonist who isn't concerned with his family back home (thank goodness it wasn't another cliché where he has a family that he oh-so-desperately needs to get back to), the length of the film (Interstellar, I would say, was bordering on too long, whereas Gravity seemed a bit short - The Martian felt just right), and the comedic element (to me, the comedy is what makes this film stand out - it is integral to its success - just like with The Edge of Tomorrow).And, as with all Ridley Scott films, the pacing was excellent. The plot didn't seem too rushed, but it didn't drag on either. Perfectly executed.If you enjoy good storytelling, excellent acting, stunning visuals, comedy, drama, and survival, then you can be sure to enjoy this movie as much as I did!

The movie "The Martian" is about an astronaut, Mark Watney who got stuck on Mars. It is a movie based on a novel by Andy Weir and the main character is played by Matt Damon. How did he survive after the accident? Let's find out.This movie began with a big sand storm. The Ares crew and Mark Watney were collecting samples of stones and dirt, when suddenly a sand storm came. Mark and the crew were separated by it. A metal stick stabbed Mark's body and the crew thought Mark was dead. To protect the other crew members, the commander forced the crew to abort the mission and Mark was left behind on Mars! The following day, when Mark woke up, he found he was alone on Mars. He wanted to survive on Mars; it's lucky that Mark is a botanist, he knew how to grow potatoes and make water by himself. He began to survive on this planet with very little water or food.One day, an engineer named Mindy Park found two satellite photos were different; the solar panels had been moved! The director Vincent Kapoor knew that Mark had survived. They wanted to save Mark's life, but the NASA director Teddy Sanders didn't agree. To rescue Mark, Mitch Henderson, who was the flight director of the Ares 3 Mission, used a special code to tell the Ares crew that Mark was still alive. Mitch wanted the crew to decide if they wanted to save Mark or not.In the end, the crew and Mark meet again. I felt so excited about their reunion. I liked the movie very much! The CG and story-line are very interesting, but most of all, the music - disco - is my favorite! I love it so much!

STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning During an outer space mission around Mars, astronaut Matt Watney (Matt Damon) is separated from his spacecraft, and is presumed dead in the immediate aftermath. Stranded many light years from his home planet, Mark is forced to use his survival training (including fertilising faeces for food!) in order to survive, before managing to contact Earth and bring news of his survival to NASA president Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels), who desperately works on Earth with scientist Vincent Kapoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) to get him home, while re-assuring a frantic public.Having made his name in a landmark sci-fi classic many decades ago, Ridley Scott returns to the genre for a film where the only alien appears to be in human form. His ability to create an impressive visual spectacle doesn't seem to have diminished with time, and The Martian features some sets and designs in outer space that could quite blow your mind. The director oversteps any meaningful character development, and plunges us straight into a story that serves as a lengthier rendition of 2013's Gravity, with elements of Tom Hanks's Cast Away chucked in for good measure.For a film stretching at nearly two and a half hours, it really needed not just an interesting story, but an effective screenplay to match it. While the 'one man stranded in space' plot still has some life in it, Scott seems overly preoccupied with stuffing Damon's Watson character full of insightful technical jargon and waffle, to reassure us he's highly intelligent and 'NASA's finest', to the point of disconnection. To try and balance the script with some humour, Scott has displayed an affection for '70s disco music, which Damon must awkwardly eschew. It's a welcome touch, if not truly effective.Performances wise, Damon must carry the lengthy film almost singlehandedly, and it's his varying degrees as an actor that make as little or most of this. While a better actor could have made more of it, by turns a weaker actor could have made it worse, and so you're grateful for small mercies. In what could be the main supporting role, Daniels is grounded as the head of NASA but, in a film determined to have as much humour as drama, that role he took with Jim Carrey all those years ago (and recently reprised) can never get out your mind. A further colourful supporting cast further make it up, including Michael Pena, Sean Bean and Ejiofor.Overall, it's not an entirely unsuccessful film, just one without the genuine tension and suspense to really make it last as long as it does, and so the cracks do appear at times. ***

I went to see the martian with high expectations,hoping to get a story that will take you by your throat keeps you on the tip of your seat and thrill you,surprise you...etc etc...i got nothing of the above!! instead i watched a very dull,predictable and very safe movie,Matt Damon,i really love as an actor but he never got to me,i simply was not taken by his acting,it just did not come across,the surrounding characters were so predictable,the young and beautiful captain,another young chick and a science head...the happy Latino...a German...oh please give me a break,who wrote this,and sorry to say but the name Ridley Scott seems to disappoint me more and more the last years.The scene where his garden gets blown away i saw coming from a mile,the science well,that was nicely done for a 10year your kid,but for me it looked like a Sunday afternoon cable movie,safe and predictable.There were so many things they could have done differently,also the music did nothing good for it.the photography could have been done so much better...i am very disappointed.

What is it about directors that they have to stoop to the very worst of clichés when making "space" films? I'm old enough to have seen "2001" when it first came out and it seems to me that far from emulating Kubrick's marvellous film Ridley Scott has regressed to some kind of Boy's Own adventure movies style - but peopled with every kind of PC cliché and dialogue that constantly sets this viewer's teeth on edge. Here's the scruffy ethnic that lives in a pile of mess but has worked out how to save the stranded astronaut - and develops his idea in the most childish way even though most of us had worked it out a good hour beforehand, Gruff Sean Bean growls and fights against the system. Pretty female astronauts are in control, a teenage NASA technician (female) spots something none of the more experienced men in real life would have noticed at the drop of a hat, the hideously white NASA director is stupid but the USA's new friends - the Chinese - come to the rescue. The scenes of jubilation in Times Square, Trafalgar Square and somewhere in China with massed crowds waiting with bated breath as the "live" rescue mission is beamed directly on to large screens is just pure nonsense. Pretty landscapes. Pity about the people, the dialogue, the plot and the suffocating PC-ness of it all.

From the earliest days of cinema, films have explored what man can do when cut off from society (and indeed, the interest of the topic pre-dates the art form: think how long ago Robinson Crusoe was written). But in a world ever more monitored, depictions of life beyond borders are often set in space. These include both fictional tales and true stories. 'Apollo 13', for example, is a riveting film, but mainly because of its raw material: in 1971, a manned space mission suffered from an explosion and the astronauts were stranded, thousands of miles from help; amazingly, they managed to fix their stricken craft and make it home alive.'The Martian' is a fictional story, but is in some ways Apollo 13-redux. It starts with a gripping scene where, post-disaster, the hero is forced to operate on himself: gripping, yes, but also not a scene that needs to be set on Mars. And subsequently, it can't quite live up to this compelling start. As I see it, there are three main problems. Firstly, some implausible science (how can you grow plants without carbon dioxide in the atmosphere?) and psychology (the story is set over a period of years, but we never really get the impression that the character is stranded alone for so long). Secondly, the need for the Hollywood virtues where force of character compels eventual triumph. And finally, perhaps, that the remarkable thing about Apollo 13 is not that its crew could have saved themselves, but that they did: the triumph was not one over the laws of physics, but rather a win against the odds. In a fictional story, this is a less compelling narrative structure: why does the character get repeatedly lucky? Simply because the screenwriters wrote it that way.Yet in spite of its faults, the film's basic set up draws you in, and by the (admittedly melodramatic) rescue scenes, one can't help but watch on the edge of one's seat; and keeping an audience interested for over two hours is not such an easy thing to do. Perhaps the fact that in the real world we've basically given up on manned space travel adds to the appeal: this may be a futuristic story, but at the same time, it also feels like a tale of something we used to do, to boldly go beyond the limits of our planet to see what we might find.

This is a science fiction movie. The main character is Mark who is a astronaut. In order to investigate Mars, all members of the crew including Mark go to Mars. One day, sandstorm is happened. All members of the crew go back to the earth because everyone thinks that he is dead. However, he is alive. So, he takes advantage of having all knowledge to live and go back. He is a very tough whatever happens, so that I am very impressed with his way of life. So, please watch this movie.

This is certainly an entertaining film as a formula movie. It's fun like the earlier "Independence Day" film with Bill Pullman and Will Smith. We put a poor guy in an untenable situation, trapped on a planet when his colleagues are forced to take off and leave him behind. As a scientist, he does miraculous things to stay alive, including creating a greenhouse where he can grow potatoes (that just happen to be on board providing seed). That's OK. That's a plot element. He also has incredible knowledge of all the incredible stuff left behind on Mars. An amazing rover as well as a nuclear device. That's OK too because we can't have a plot without something for this guy to do. Where it falls down is in the reality of NASA (which we are told are a pack of insensitive boobs or nerds). They are going to do this and then they are going to do that. Jeff Daniels plays a stuck-in-the-mud guy who is only concerned about the politics of the job. I love Matt Damon. I've seen nearly everything he has done. He's adequate in this film but certainly not Academy Award material. He expresses almost no emotions other than a couple little under-control tantrums. What about the loneliness, the sameness of every day? Years of eating potatoes. Anyway, it is candy for those who don't want to think very much. It's very impresstive looking and the special effects are awesome. We've become a bit spoiled, I guess. Things by the formula.

As always, Riddley Scott delivered another visually beautiful science fiction piece, with all the ingredients to make it a commercial success.From top acting names, to state of the art VFX, there is not much bad that you could say about this movie. Unfortunately, the fact is that this story is not really new. In fact it is really old. A guy stranded on a desolate inhospitable place, who tries to survive against all odds? Come on!! I would go to see this movie with different expectations, it it wasn't so heavily advertised as a masterpiece. Which it really isn't. The movie is just fun, with sprinkle of comedy and heavy dose of pathetic closeups of Matt, Jessica and rest of the crew. I guess all that money spent had to payoff, so what's better way than to make it appealing to wide audience, from kids to grandparents. And that is OK. But I cannot escape the feeling that R. Scott has lost the pace with modern times, and brought a little archaic style to this movie. Satisfied but not impressed. That is my final judgement.Good 2 hrs of fun.

This film made me feel neutral. I found the using-science-to-solve-problems aspect interesting but that isn't what makes a film resonate with me. It's the characters. The characters in this film do not feel like people. They feel empty. Sure, Mark Watney, the lead played by Matt Damon, has a personality I guess. We learn early on that he is an easy-going guy who can remain calm in most stressful situations. However, there isn't much else to him. I had no reason to connect to him. No one bothered to give him any sort of arc or background. He doesn't change or grow as a person at all. I know not every protagonist has to go through some sort of change but this character could have with at least a little bit of internal conflict. This applies to the rest of the cast as well. Only four characters in the film stood out to me in anyway: Watney, Rich Purnell (Donald Glover), Vincent Kapoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Michael Peña's character. Watney because he is, I suppose, more well rounded than the rest of the cast; Purnell because an archetypal quirky genius character is better than no character at all; Kapoor because his skills in communication and persuasion make him stand out which is a required quality for his job (Mars mission director, I had to look it up on Wikipedia); and Peña's character because of the two tiny moments of banter between him and Watney. Everyone else is defined by their jobs (which I've forgotten for the most part anyway) and what actions they need to do for their job. When it comes to technical aspects, nothing was really done badly but nothing was done exceptionally either. The direction served its purpose but didn't impress. The cast did a pretty good job in their roles but no one made up for their lacklustre* characters. The visual effects are good. Granted, nothing stood out but that wasn't the purpose. They're supposed to make the spectacle look convincing, and they accomplish that. Lastly, I would like to mention the score. Throughout most of the film, I didn't really pay attention to it but in the first few scenes when Watney is stranded on Mars, I felt that the music was too overdramatic. This probably isn't that much of a problem as I forgot about it quickly but it's distracting when the score is too intense or emotional for the scene it's accompanying.Overall, this film neither impressed nor annoyed me. It's competently well made but it feels empty. If either the premise or the problem solving aspect interests you, you might like it. Otherwise, you can skip it.*That's the British spelling of "lackluster" apparently.http://letterboxd.com/lloyd_morgan/film/the-martian/

2 hours and 21 minutes of Matt Damon gardening, and people at NASA discussing how to rescue him. Seriously. That's the whole movie. Total boredom.Just so you know, I like all kinds of movies. I'm not impatient. I have a degree in a tech field. But geez, this movie is soooo boring.And it's stupid!! And the casting is terrible. A 22-year-old hot model-type woman is the only one at NASA smart enough to locate Damon. And a 22-year-old slob who looks like he's strung-out on drugs (rolling out of a bed in his FILTHY MESSY office, twitching, shaking, stuttering) is the only one at NASA smart enough to think of using a slingshot-effect for the rocket. But they're SOOOO smart that they can attend high-level, and I'm talking the highest level on a national scale....they can attend these meetings in street clothes, while everyone else is in suits and ties.I know Damon is extremely politically-correct, and so are most Hollywood movies these days. But this one goes too far. Literally every scene alternates between a person of a different race. White, African-American, African, Hispanic, Asian, Middle Eastern. And every scene has a man and a woman in it. Michael Pena as an astronaut?? Hello....do I really need to explain that you have to be in-shape to be an astronaut??

Science fiction has been one of the genres churned out many times, most turning into capers with few exceptions like Apollo 13 or Gravity. "The Martian" isn't a caper nor does it delve into the sentimentality of "Apollo 13" or "Gravity." It's simply a clever and entertaining sci-fi drama that contemplates the scientific facts meticulously. The story seems more for pleasing the crowd rather than accomplishing a rich literary work; but whatever it does seem flawless and detailed for which the film becomes gripping throughout despite its over length. Based on a novel of the same title, the film pretty enriches your knowledge on astronomy for which it can serve a very good resourcce. Matt Damon in the title role steals the show using much of wit to his role, avoiding sentimentality, and above all, tries something different than the desolation portrayed by Tom Hanks in Cast Away or Leonardo Di Caprio in "The Revenant." His role is pretty fun filled and amusing; a memorable performance he has given in recent years after 'The Departed." A superb narration, brilliant camera work, and a nice performance definitely make it a smart and entertaining movie of the year though the subject and treatment might not feel a regular Oscar worthy material.Rating: 2.5 stars out of 4

When I was a 10-year old kid my favourite TV programme was Gerry Anderson's U.F.O. and my favourite EVER episode of that was one called "Survival". In it, Colonel Paul Foster (the late Michael 'nearly Bond' Billington) was stranded believed dead on the moon a hundred miles from Moonbase with diminishing oxygen supplies and with the deadly threat of a similarly stranded alien to also deal with. To say it fired my youthful imagination would be an understatement. With Ridley Scott's new film "The Martian" we have an almost identical plot, albeit without the alien involvement.Matt Damon plays astronaut Mark Watney who after a freak Martian storm is left for dead by his colleagues in the NASA crew of the "Hermes" (led by the excellent Jessica Chastain). By "sciencing the s**t out of this" he struggles to survive in the airless and inhospitable landscape. By chance, his presence is detected by NASA and the action switches to the NASA team – principally NASA Director Jeff Daniels, Mars mission director Chiwetel Ejiofor, PR lady Kirsten Wiig, JPL specialist Benedict Wong and "Hermes" flight director Sean Bean – and their struggle to save him given the logistical impossibilities involved.I loved this film. In fact, I'll go as far as to say this is my film of the year so far. Matt Damon – never 'Mr Charisma' in most films – is spectacular here, delivering his video logs (which – particularly in 3D – works better than Tom Hanks talking to footballs in "Castaway") with a wit and charm that is quite endearing. The supporting cast all bring home the bacon with strong performances, with Ejiofor positively twinkling in the role. The rest of the "Hermes" crew, especially Michael Peña and the cute Kate Mara, are also excellent.The screenplay by Drew Goddard ("Lost", "World War Z") and based on the bestselling book by Andy Weir generally works well. A few of the lines, my wife noted, smelled a bit of cheese (some of those from Sean Bean in particular), and there is a largely underdeveloped Chinese side-story (presumably to woo a Chinese audience), but overall the mood of the film carries the script triumphantly forward. (There's a nice nod and a wink to Bean's involvement in Lord of the Rings as well, which made me chuckle).The film also looks marvelous, with the Mars sets and special effects being spectacular, the Mars spacecraft being beautifully realized, and some very impressive long-duration zero-gravity scenes aboard the "Hermes" that boggle the mind.In retrospect, the film's success might be deemed to be assured given it is an amalgam of some notable film classics of recent times: the spectacle of "Interstellar"; the intrigue of "Moon"; the vacuum-based-perils of "Gravity"; the hopelessness of "Castaway" and the 'world holds its breath' tension of "Apollo 13". But after the blockbuster food-mixer stops whirring, the whole thing gels beautifully and despite its fairly long running time (141 minutes) boredom is never close and you leave the theatre buzzing. A key factor in maintaining the tension for the running time is that this is a Ridley Scott film: whilst other directors might insist on a 'Hollywood' ending, with Scott at the helm you can never be sure which way the story might twist in the final reel.(And I'm not letting on here).Unlike last year's "Gravity", and the no-doubt accurate but mind-boggling "Interstellar", the science all holds up pretty well (although I did have serious reservations about the robustness of polythene sheeting and duct-tape replacing a door at one point).Harry Gregson-Willams' score apes Jerry Goldsmith's "Alien" a bit in places, but works well and is massively and joyfully supported by a wide range of disco classics, neatly incorporated into the plot.Go see this film, ideally at the cinema and in 3D: I doubt you will be disappointed. Heaven knows, I don't give away 10 stars very often, but in this case.(If you enjoyed this review please see the graphical version at bob-the-movie-man.com and sign up for future reviews by entering your email).

1st of all, the premise is all wrong, so there is no suspended disbelief effect here. Therefore, the rest of the movie becomes less than believable. BTW, I "appreciate" the whole re-use and abuse of the "Aliens" concepts and designs in the initial titles and the crew quarters appearances. Awesome. Reuse/Recycle. No new ideas there.A whole manned mission to Mars couldn't include a way to observe the Martian weather (this being possible for tens of years as we speak) and to land safely at a nice, wind-safe crater or to anchor a return vehicle securely enough? REALLY? And once a bit of a storm blew, the entire crew had to hurry back to Earth? ALL THE WAY BACK? They could not stay in the Martian orbit for a few hours even to make sure that they didn't leave anyone behind? WHAT? The orbit became dangerous too because of some storm? Am I the only one who could not believe that the hatches would seal nicely in a sand/rock/what's not storm? There was no two-way comm with any crew members? Once someone got blown away, then it was the end for him/her? Even on Earth this sounds dumb. Cool crappy, unrealistic suits! No real protection, funny boots, no visible means of backpacked life-support, lots of light blinding the users inside helmets and no light (as well as no two-way comm) for the actual work?! Then, no one could keep a communication satellite in the Martian orbit? So that no one would have to reinvent the wheel it order to communicate between the surface and the command center??? No further comments here.Kudos to the political correctness lawyers. They didn't miss one single detail. The manned mission to Mars includes the politically correct balance of males and females, they got a Mexican, a German (seriously???), and then the entire NASA's Martian program has the necessary number of very respectfully black Hindus and other African Americans. Good Job! Then there is the necessary number of Asians gets involved. And the Chinese government decides what's wrong with the whole rescue mission. Nice.Considering that neither NASA nor the Chinese can STILL fly anything worth a rat's jazz into space without the Russian-made tech, it is funny to see the whole story without any Russian involvement. Even the privately funded SpaceX program seems more effective these days than NASA! Nice political BS, holly-crap-wood.Look. I have given up expecting anything even closely serious from Hollywood. Yes, this movie is another all-time-low. Thank you for producing another piece of expensive garbage intended for people who practically kill one another on each "black Friday". I hope that those zombies enjoy this kind of BS. Ridley Scott, you, Sir, are a talent-less waste. Please, retire already. O&O.

I had low expectations of this film, and not to my surprise, my expectations where more then fulfilled.After watching this terrible movie, I looked up the reviews on the Internet and was disappointed that so many reviews of sites and movie-critics where so positive. It felt like I was truly alone on this world. For me, the movie was sh*t, but everyone thinks it was great. Wat is wrong with me. But today, I started reading the reviews of some fellow IMDb- reviewers, and finally I see what is wrong. Only an intelligent person would perceive this movie as cr*p, but since most people are morons, that explains all the positive reviews.I can only perceive this waste of pellicule as a promotion-movie for NASA. They probably want to gear up to get more tax-payer money for their upcoming research to get people to Mars. Believe me, this will be money wasted. People will never walk on Mars, seeing the current situation on this planet.The movie was a travesty, where science and doing the math was used as a continuous red line to explain everything. I really didn't see any math or science in this movie. It was more like a lotto contestant who won every game, against all odds.The astronaut was a botanist. WHAT??? That was the easy part. Planting some potato's in Mars-dust, and fertilize them with sh*t, in a dark environment does not give you a full 100% harvest of potato-plants. Believe me, I have done the math, in earth soil. He was also a doctor, an electronics engineer, a chemist, a programmer, a mechanic, a psychologist and what what more. An astronaut for me, should be a civil engineer, with a specialization in whatever field in science, but certainly NOT a botanist. Unbelievable.And where did he get all of his oxygen? After getting his helmet ruptured and taping it off, he was down to 10% oxygen, but after a few seconds all was back to normal. Heh?If you want more discrepancies, read some more reviews with low stars. This film is full of it.Ridiculous Scott, stop making more movies, you seem to suffer of the self-delusion that you are a Sci-Fi director.Nuff said.

The decadence of Ridley Scott in my opinion. The one who offered us some great movies ("Allien" is enough I believe to make the comparison and point out the importance of a good scenario and small budget to create a "great" movie). The whole movie hasn't created, to me at least, the feeling of agony and suspense that was meant to create and I cannot understand the dithyrambic critics (8.2 IMDb score?).More it was a movie like "Indepedence Day", where the "good guys" win nomatter what.....A great disappointment from Ridley Scott and a movie that did not offer anything new, from a director that has created collosal movies in the past (what to count first: Blade Runner, Allien, Gladiator..... 0.

SPOILERS*******************Ten reasons why THE MARTIAN didn't work.10. They tried to make it funny. Matt Damon is not funny, except that one time he was a puppet in Team America: World Police. 9. 1990's quality special effects. Couldn't they have hired the effects guy from GRAVITY? Or even watched GRAVITY to see what a space movie looks like in 2015? 8. The main character had no back story. None. Zip. We know nothing about this guy who we are supposed to be rooting on. Except in a random voice over where he said he loved his parents. And that he was the "best botanist on Mars..." I actually hoped they would leave stranded so he could glib himself into the next solar system. 7. The device of the voice over was him talking directly into camera a la THE REAL WORLD - again a 1990's device - known from this day forward as "The Pipe Cam" where Damon would lay out exposition mixed with a bag full of bad jokes. (My guess is this: these clams were pitched by Damon himself because SEE REASON 10) 6. The supporting cast was dreadfully miscast with special accolades for horribleness to the other astronauts, and (the usually terrific) Jeff Daniels. Daniels must have made this film while doing NEWSROOM and forgot to change characters while walking from one sound stage to another. I'm never going to Michigan if this is what happens to a man. (Chiwetel Ejiofor had the only compelling performance. But that's no surprise) The film's best actor was Damon's "skinny" body double who happened to be a foot taller than Damon, but this guy could dry his hair to cover his face until Matt could put his space suit back on like nobody's business. If he hadn't been a 70 year-old John Holmes body double, you never would have guessed it wasn't Damon. 5. The soundtrack was wall-to-wall disco. Yes, disco. Yes, wall-to-wall disco. Which we had finally KILLED by the 90's. 2 hours of disco left behind by the sadistic Commander of the mission. There's even an ABBA song! And I paid $15 dollars to listen to this. The on-the-nose but BEST disco song plays over the closing credits. Not the first disco song where they roll the cast and A.D.'s credits that everyone in LA stays to see. No the second half over the caterers and "Mr. Damon's assistant" credits. The song was I WILL SURVIVE by Gloria Gaynor meant not for the fact that Damon survived, but that WE DID SURVIVE this entire film. Damon's character even jokes about the lameness of the disco, but... 4. Matt Damon is NOT funny! So now we're stuck with bad jokes told by an unfunny actor and lots of bad disco. AND I'm sitting next to some old broad whose hearing aid has fallen out of her ear and she doesn't even notice. So Helen Keller here has scammed Medicare for $500 or whatever a Costco hearing aid runs for these days. The aid apparently has a two second delay because I get to hear disco and bad jokes twice. If I had filled my empty popcorn bucket with water, pulled my t-shirt over my face and had my wife dump it on my mouth and nose it wouldn't have been as tortuous as this movie. Not that water-boarding is torture, but you get it... 3. Derivative. Seen it a hundred times: when Damon successfully docks with his returning shipmates (who had abandoned him, ostensibly because he is so damn annoying) the film cuts from one foreign city to another where Times Square type crowds are rooting on the American as they watch the happenings on their own Jumbotron. Russia, France, communist China rooting for America. America. Right. Another example is they lifted an entire scene where Damon operates on himself removing a piece of antennae which is a beat-for-beat rip-off of Javier Bardim removing a bullet from his leg in NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN. Only Damon didn't have to blow up a car outside a drugstore for an opiate because... 2. Damon has his own pharmacy at the space camp. When things look grave he resorts to drug abuse. He breaks open a Vicodin, rubs a potato in it, looks into his Pipe Cam and tells us, "I ran out of cat sup 3 weeks ago." It made no sense, so I assumed it was another joke. Because as we all know.... 1. MATT DAMON IS NOT FUNNY.

I don't really understand all the hype behind this movie. Maybe it's because I've heard the book was so good that this movie created some buzz before its release. I normally enjoy sci fi movies and I am generally a fan of Ridley Scott. I enjoy being moved by great acting performances and being awed by the mysteriousness and the unknown this type of genre is able to project on the big screen. However, this movie did none of the above for me. Although Matt Damon is an excellent actor, it was difficult for me to fully buy into his character. Despite being alone and stranded on Mars, he lacked emotion and credibility. The other characters in this movie fell flat, too. The biggest disappointments were Kristen Wiig and Jeff Daniels – it was too one dimensional, lacked versatility, and was to cliché. Actually, the plot was very cliché and was very predictable. And the special effects and action sequences were far too similar to what we saw in Prometheus. I guess I expected more with this cast and director but was left wanting so much more.

Personally didn't like the movie very much. In my opinion there was way to much Humor for a Sci-fi drama. I felt like the main character ( Matt Damon) didn't capture someone actually stranded in a life or death situation. Compared to Interstellar this movie was a flop. Had no emotional attachment to any of the main characters. This movie was extremely " Hollywoodized " with an unreasonable amount of impossible "WTF" moments. I knew from the 1st couple minutes the entire script and how some characters would act ( predictable ). Id rather see a more realistic version without the humor. I'm no movie critic just a un- educated bottom feeder.

Okay, I am also perplexed as to why people have given this terrible movie a favorable review. It seems like all we care about is a big name director and big star, then the movie has instant credibility. There was not one truly memorable moment in this movie. I cannot remember a single word, phrase, exchange of dialogue, or turn of event that left a lasting impression. The only positives were Matt Damon's likability and some decent special effects.For one thing how can this premise be taken ass even remotely plausible? Does anyone think that we would send ship to Mars that is vulnerable to a naturally and regularly occurring storm on Mars? And who would design a ship that is docked so perilously? It was standing up like one of those red/white/blue popsicle rocket treats we used to get from the ice cream man as a kid. Or even more than that it looked like a ship from a 1950's era sci-fi movie. C'mon man, this is a new millennium. Make a ship that is supported as it would be supported on Mars. It should be shorter and more stable, not doomed to tip over like shown in the movie. That one scene lost me for the next 30 minutes.Here are the other things I feel left me wanting with that movie. 1. When the storm struck I didn't know who was left behind. I knew it was the Matt Damon character but I didn't "know" him, meaning I had no emotional investment in that character. 2. He was a botanist, how convenient. His character didn't have to transform or change in any way in order to survive; he was the perfect guy to be left behind. 3. And just why were the potatoes going to run out??? They said you have 400 and something days, but never said why. Was it because there were other vital nutrients that would be lacking at that point? 4. If you give me 2 years to figure out how to solve a problem that means my survival, and there's nothing else to do but figure it out, I bet I'l find something too. The dates before his food was going to run out were so far out that I never felt a sense of urgency. You can call Mars "The Monster" but it wasn't pursuing the main character, just waiting for him to run out of food. How boring is that??? 5. When was the last time we saw nobody but good guys in a movie? There was nobody to blame, no bad guys anywhere. That was just plain weak. A bad guys doesn't have to be a bad person, just a person who either has too much fear or fears the wrong thing, which causes him/her to make poor choices. Nobody served as a villain in any way. I know from playing sports and working in small and large companies that there's always a person who feels like the bad guy, even unintentionally. This movie, with it's little slice of heaven, was absurd to say the least.For these reasons and other minor reasons I was totally disappointed. My wife liked it and I couldn't understand why. This was the dumbest movie I've seen in a long time. I really wanted to like ti but was terribly disappointed.

Fantastic film about determination, perseverance, optimism, faith, leadership, collaboration and initiative. It reminded me a bit of the atmosphere in the movie Apollo 13. But with more action en with more interesting personages. Matt Damon is at his best: about 40% of the movie he is acting alone. In the movie NASA is as cool as one would expect and there are nice references to the real world. Good, if not great acting of experienced top-actors and excellent directing and editing. It's a long movie, which manages to keep you on full alert the whole 2.5 hours.The 3D effects are nicely done: the scenes look razor-sharp and realistic: the Martian scenes make one really believe that you're on Mars, the space equipment is also very believable and the camera work is very good.The only thing I found missing was that there was no story at all about the family of the astronaut.

To my big surprise I liked the Bourne movies with Matt Damon and this is why I went to see this "Mars"movie with him. (I am not an action movie fan) Am I the only one who gets tired of seeing big stars raking in millions for a movie where they basically behave like they do on every talk show they visit to promote their movies. George Clooney comes to mind too. I have not read the book and after the movie I probably won't. But I understand that there was a lot of danger and suspension in the book, not so in the movie. Damon obviously is too big a star now to go through the trouble and actually loose weight for a role where he is supposed to nearly starve to death. Instead we get a naked, emaciated body of somebody else walking through the room and the well-fed Damon for the rest of the movie after eating minuscule portions for months. Decades ago I loved to see the NASA movies on Imax whenever I visited Houston or Cape Kennedy. None of the movies about space I have seen lately gave me the same sense of awe-inspiring greatness of our universe. I just sit there and ask myself if it is all filmed in a studio or in some desert , or is it all the work of computers? Nothing awe inspiring. Well, I should have learned my lesson by now, if a movie is really pushed by the studio I am always disappointed. Luckily I paid only four bucks to see it.

The movie started just like any other adventure movie. The trailer promised a really intriguing story line. This movie is based on a book and for me many things were made differently than the book. Matt Damon was usual a perfect choice for the role. He had to portray the struggle and willingness to survive alone in an absolutely no mans land. I liked the acting of everyone but the plot line was not very interesting. It was very common and obvious that the crew who left him will go and save him at some point and everything will be alright at the end. I watch the 1080p version (i think) and the VFX was magnificent and was true to the story. All in all, it was a good time pass movie, not at all boring and fun to watch

I saw this film on it's opening night, with a group of friends from work. The film's beginning drew me in, and Matt Damon's lighthearted humor was quite amusing.That being said, the formulaic plot, lack of character development outside of Matt Damon's character, and eventually tiring jokes wore me out by the end of the movie. It must've been a decent film, since I did find myself laughing now and then, and I also found myself rooting for Matt Damon. That said, it's a highly forgettable flick, and I don't understand why it's so beloved.Watch it if you have the chance, but don't expect an incredible film.

I really looked forward to this movie. High score both on IMDb and rotten, so all lights seem to be green....but the score has to be influenced by the studio as it goes almost every time with 'big' movies last few years. Mediocre or worse movies scoring like masterpieces :-(. Everything positive you read about this movie you can safely wipe from memory. Only two positive points: nice 'spaceshots' and a few moments of good acting from Damon. Too few to make the story believable or to really care about his character. It's what I would call a 100% Hollywood movie. Cliché-filled and therefor to forget asap...but then again that's just me.. you may like it.

The story about Mark Watney, an astronaut in the future that is left on Mars, when his crew mistakingly leave him behind. I had expected huge things from this movie, it started very well, but then it came quite boring, there is only so much solo time one man can do on the film. The other characters were not too interesting, except for Vincent and Bruce, the only two likable. Matt Damon is a very good actor, much better news that he is doing another Jason Bourne film. The Martian is watchable but what is the problem is the ending, it was really badly done, the film was credible up to then. Best thing about the movie were the special effects, the film looks good.

I like sci-fi as a genre but I completely hate it when film makers assume a general level of dumbness in their audience and resultantly try to peddle whatever they think can sell. I am appalled both by the movie as well as the number of people here on IMDb who actually found the movie worthwhile. I am not even going into the scientific aspects of what Whatney did and whether or not the fiction was any close to truth. In general, I don't like to poke holes in sci-fi, simply because the second word is 'fiction'. What got me was just the childish and rather superficial treatment accorded to everything. Not once did you feel for Whatney or any of the other crew members. The dialogue is gcheesy, bordering on inane. Clichés abound - there is a half-hindu (a separate dialogue was introduced in the movie just to highlight this fact) good-natured scientist and helpful Chinese space agency to boot. Even the special effects are underwhelming. There are instances where you can quite clearly see and feel its a toy car on the red soil. I think Hollywood is running out of ideas, 2015 has generally been god-awful and Martian is just another on that list.

Sir Ridley Scott is finally back on track. There's no argument that his last couple films have not been up to his standard. However, now he has gone back to his roots to bring us an adaptation of the sci-fi novel by Andy Weir The Martian.The story itself is pretty straightforward. Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is presumed dead when stuck with debris during a storm on Mars. When the rest of his crew decides to abort and he turns out to be alive, Watney must ration his remaining resources in an attempt to same himself and make contact with NASA. Despite the familiar storyline (can you say Cast Away meets Apollo 13?), only a true mastermind behind the camera can give the story so much depth and make it so enthralling. The cast is definitely one of the best ensembles of the year. Everyone does fantastic with the roles given to them, namely Chiwetel Ejiofor and Jeff Daniels. And while everyone does a great job in the movie, the man whose shoulders the film truly rests on is Matt Damon, and he excels in every scene he is in. The audience is always eager to follow Damon's successes and failures on Mars. Damon is so good at playing a wise- cracking scientist and showing us what it might actually be like to get left on Mars alone. With Damon's character, the movie is allowed to delve into themes about what makes us human and our drive to help one another.One of the aspects of the film that truly fascinated me was how much science was explained out in the movie. The science is always intriguing and never makes one feel as though they are in school needing to remember everything they heard. The Martian is easily one of the best films of the year and a very welcome return to form for Sir Ridley Scott. The entire cast excels at bringing the audience a fascinating trip not only of the inner-workings of NASA, but of a man's journey of survival as he is left on Mars."I admit it's fatally dangerous, but I'd get to fly around like Iron Man"

Really IMDb? An 8.2 rating, for this piece of crap? Reviewer DavidC-29 put it best when he wrote; "This movie can be summed up with one word... vapid. As if Matt Damon's inherently vapid acting weren't bad enough, the makers of this film were so overtly focused on presenting an idyllic reality where no character behaves in any offensive way, to anybody, they produced an un-suspenseful, uninteresting, boring, vapid turd of a story. They fall over themselves to be so certain that no minority demographic is stereotyped that all characters have the sane vapid personality. And in what seems to be some sort of perverse effort to recompense reality, a very transparent hierarchy is followed to be certain that: the Black people are the most clever; the Hispanic people are next most clever; the Asian people are next most clever(carefully not portrayed as exceptionally smart), and of course the women are more clever than the men. Of course the only flawed demographic were older white male authority figures. To me this liberal, philosophical portrayal of what an ideal reality is reveals that they are the true bigots, the haters. They hate the differences that make people interesting. Ethnicity, femininity / masculinity, and their different traits should be loved and celebrated, not shamed, muted, or eliminated. It is the interaction of those differences that create an interesting story, not a vapid one."When you go to a movie or turn on your TV, you think you're being entertained, but in reality you are being PROGRAMMED! Why do you think they call it "television programming"... I would also like to point out one other angle of the propaganda in this movie... Like when the communist Chinese offer the assistance of their top-secret rocket in an effort to save one lone American. Also the way they made the crew be from multiple countries... I know NASA really does work with astronauts from other nations, but I also know that this is one reason why Hollywood loves these space movies, because it's a great vehicle for pushing globalist propaganda. Independence Day 2 is sure to take the globalist propaganda to the next level, as a planet united under the leadership of the UN (which is sick and laughable) must fight for their survival against aliens (which don't really exist)... The not so funny thing, is that the REAL greatest threat to humanity as we know it, ARE THOSE THAT PUSH THE GLOBALIST AGENDA! Check the "GEORGIA GUIDESTONES" for proof of that... Billionaires like Bill Gates and Ted Turner are working day and night, doing all they can to ensure that your family tree will stop bearing fruit as soon as possible. Ted Turner says lower global population by 85%, yet he has 5 children and 14 grandchildren... Why not sterilize your children and grandchildren TED? "Save the planet" TED! Or how about the big "climate conference" last month in Paris...?... Supposedly the planet is about to boil over (LIE) because people drive too much, or fly too much, or eat too much meat, so it was critical that all the world leaders meet in Paris to discuss a solution... Unfortunately the politicians, billionaires, and all their massive entourages were all forced to fly on lavish private jets, be driven to and from in massive convoys of armour-plated SUVs, and they were made to gorge themselves on 5-star cuisine... Why cant we come up with a way where we could have meetings like this, without having to "destroy our planet by burning these evil fossil fuels"? If only the technology existed which allowed numerous people in different locations to all have a conversation with each other at the same time... I mean I'm sure if such a technology did exist, "our leaders" would surely utilize such a technology, because NOBODY TAKES THE THREAT OF "CLIMATE CHANGE" MORE SERIOUS THAN THEM! Lol........Wake up people... Every person on the planet could fit into a landmass the size of Texas, and we'd still all have enough room for everybody to have both a front and back yard... They are sterilizing us generationally as we speak... They have contaminated our food and water supply with GMO's... They know that all animals fed the GMO corn were sterile by the 3rd or 4th generation of animals who ate the corn... Many other rabbits/gerbils/rats/etc that were fed the GMO food developed large tumors and died from said tumors... You think Bill Gates and Ted Turner eat the GMO food? Hell no! That's for us, the peasants/slaves...

The Martian features an a-list cast with acclaimed director Ridley Scott at the helm. Together they bring Andy Weir's best selling novel of the same name to the big screen. Matt Damon plays overly optimistic Mark Watney who unfortunately gets stranded on Mars after a horrific storm leaves him abandoned and presumed dead by his fellow astronauts. As depicted in the trailer, Matt Damon's character is faced with the near impossible predicament of having to survive on Mars with limited food supply while also trying to find a way to contact NASA for a rescue mission. With that in mind one could reasonable expect exciting set pieces with peril at every turn while combining dramatic intensity with clever comic relief. However, The Martian simply failed to live up to these expectations and was mostly a disappointment.Now what exactly made this so disappointing? Firstly, Matt Damon's character failed to bring any seriousness given his situation of inevitable doom. His character seemed so upbeat which did add to the comedic effect of the film but it was just so overdone it took away from the movie being dramatic and intense. Though Matt Damon did a good job portraying his character, the overly gleeful Watney just simply was not the right fit to make this movie dramatic. All of this added up to the film being so unrealistically upbeat that nothing bad seemed likely to happen to Watney's life resulting in the climax of the movie to be unexciting and quite predictable. Also it took away from the empathy one should feel for the character. So if anything unexpected did happen one would not really care about Watney's fate.The Martian failed at trying to skillfully blend comedy with an exciting survival story. Also the movie lacked excitement. There really were no memorable scenes given the film's location and dangerous landscape. The film solely relied on how Watney was going to survive, how he was going to contact earth, and how earth would respond to his situation. Honestly all these events portrayed looked exciting in the trailer but just ended up being tedious and uneventful.Now what exactly did The Martian do right? One of the positives of the movie was its intellect. The intellect behind the writing was arguably one of the best parts of this film which helped redeem it a bit. Also, as expected, the film featured some pretty good special effects. It mimicked the realism of space in a very accurate and practical manner. Unfortunately for The Martian, its special effects were overshadowed by the wondering spectacle of Gravity and the sheer beauty of Interstellar. Lastly, given the talent within the cast, the film was destined for great performances, particularly those of Matt Damon, lead through Ridley Scott's masterful direction.In short, The Martian disappointed through its lack of excitement, intensity, memorable scenes, empathy for the character, and its failed attempt at trying to blend comedy with drama. I would only recommend to scientists, and space nerds who would actually be interested in seeing how someone would survive on a different planet. I would not buy this and it is definitely not a good 3D or IMAX experience. Still waiting for Ridley Scott to make that awesome movie we have not seen in over a decade! 6/10

I believe this is one of the overrated films on IMDb. While it has a high user rating and for some reason totally mistakenly in the Top 250, user reviews are mostly bad. And they are right. This movie is boring, unrealistic and totally not entertaining. I mean, what makes a movie a good movie? We all know that a movie is not real. We still feel entertained, why? Because we can feel the main characters struggle in a difficult situation, we suffer with him, we have empathy. None of these are happening to the audience when you watch this one.It was actually the sappy behavior of the characters making you feel bored watching. I would have accepted the fact that he grew potatoes out of the feces of his buddies and they have left them there, okay why not ... he a botanist (how exciting by the way).Just a few examples: For reasons unknown, he starts taking Vicodin with his potato - I actually had to look it up what Vicodin was, and then did not understand the message of this.The captain of the ship blames himself immediately "I left him there" after they have received the message. Come on guys, give the character some time to emotionally apprehend the situation, before she starts blaming herself! Nobody does that immediately... not ever!Who is this stupid moron looking like a drug addict in his totally messy office, where no one should have taken seriously? A total loner-loser, who works for NASA, doesn't even know the directors name when he is in his office... and then performs an act of a 3-year- old? What is this, are you kidding me? Why should the audience take this seriously at all?Ridley Scott has totally failed to give the crew them some meaning. They could have just robots as far as I am concerned, wouldn't make this movie less worse.There is just no excitement the whole time. He was deserted. You know exactly that his own crew will go back to help him at about in the middle of the movie. You know the attempt with the first rocket will fail, because you have already understood, some heroism with the "we won't let anybody behind"-message is actually the main story here. But you had to watch all that story of building that bogus rocket – I was bored to death! And then it explodes and fails, what a surprise!So after that, you beg for a plot where something miraculous will happen. Instead, something totally ordinary happens, again! He flies to the crew. An astronaut goes out, he flies out of his capsule. I was asking myself... this is it?For a moment I thought I was watching a Roland Emmerich, but I had sworn never to watch an Emmerich again. Ridley Scott now goes the same way. Predictable, immature dialogs, artificial heroism, non- innovative action.

People go to the cinema to be entertained, not to be schooled by people who have no idea what are they talking about. And on top of everything: why do you have to add politics and forced multiculturalism to every movie?! Is there a committee in Hollywood who demands that every single movie has to include multiculturalism, forced, not funny jokes, American flag, American nationalism, women who are good leaders?! It's like all the movies were written by the same people, all the effects done by the same crew, time to change Hollywood! Ridley Scott how could you? This movie is not entertaining, it's full of politics and preachy bull crap.

it's so pathetic and slow....they play that trumpet violin triumph music whenever the astronauts twitch a muscle and everybody starts clapping and cheering like they figured out how to turn sh*t into gold the ending is awful too really cliché they just sensationalize the whole thing you know what i mean? they also failed miserably while trying to incorporate humor into the movie because the jokes were so bad i wanted to cry i don't think i even smirked throughout and it has an 8.3 on IMDb its disgraceful please do not watch under any circumstance unless you're fed up of life and want throw away a couple of hours you have been warned please also warn your friends family and other loved ones p*ss poor excuse for a movie

to name a few: Robinson Crusoe, Mission To Mars (2000), Robinson Crusoe on Mars (1964) whereas Andy Weir's novel is a blatant theft of those ideas as well as it is the script of The Martian, . . . etc.To give the very unoriginal story some gravity, the prominent cast obviously was the means of choice. This movie was solely developed as a typical Hollywood cash cow with pretty faces and implausibly characters. Scott's attempt of pseudo-realistic 'science' suffers from the same symptoms as it did Prometheus: stupidity on all levels.Scott said, The Martian is about people of all kind combining their sources and powers. Well, this is quite pathetic for a bunch of very unoriginal ideas glued together. Maybe Scott recently watched some Star Trek episodes or Apollo 13 (1995) to get 'some' inspirations . . .I guess it's time to avoid Ridley Scott movies from now on.

I was somewhat disappointed by 'The Martian', maybe because I had such high expectations of it. In my opinion the movie failed to really immerse you into the action or make you feel the danger of space, the way that for example 'Gravity' did.Also, it came across as feel-good NASA propaganda. Maybe that one is on me for being so cynical, I am not sure. The attempts at humor never made me laugh and sometimes made me feel embarrassed.I am not saying that it is a bad movie. I liked its realistic and scientific approach. There should be more sci-fi movies done in such an earnest way. However, in my experience 'The Martian' does not succeed in truly captivating or intriguing you.

The Ares III manned mission encounters a sand storm on Mars. Astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is left for dead as the rest of the crew evacuate on their spacecraft. Mission control back on Earth is shocked when they discover that Mark is actually alive and alone on Mars.Simply put, this is a fun space adventure. There is a good deal of Apollo 13 and Gravity. Damon is humorous and engaging. Meanwhile, the mission control back on earth is doing interesting things. Nobody is the villain. Jeff Daniels is a capable bureaucratic leader. Chiwetel Ejiofor gives the team intensity and has fun scenes with Mackenzie Davis. Almost every side character adds to the group. As for the spacecraft, it's interesting to have Jessica Chastain as the commander. The entire cast is great. The whole story is thrilling. There are unexpected turns. It has the feel of reality. A lot of praise has to be given to director Ridley Scott for a well constructed film. Also it's genius to give it a disco soundtrack.

This movie was made by the director of Blade Runner and Alien, two works of art, but that was many years ago, back when Mr Scott still had some creativity left. After making this movie Ridley Scott should go into a nursing home and hide. What a piece of crap!! Matt Damon growing potatoes on Mars? Acting? There is no acting! Stay home and watch Blade Runner one more time..:) And the music... Disco all the way!! With David Bowie - Life On Mars? That's when you should close your eyes and get lost in the music, but unfortunately they don't play the entire song! Then there is ABBA, and we all like ABBA... :) NASA is desperately trying to survive and needs a new "project" and Mars is it. They always "forget" to mention to the general public that the atmosphere of Mars is about 100 times thinner than Earth's, and it is 95 percent carbon dioxide. Is much colder also. The average temperature is about minus 80F. So, if there is water on that planet I would not drink it...:) Going back to the real world...If you like sci-fi I recommend Ex Machina or Luci, if you want to have some fun.

For all the excitement, awe, and energy that are worked up in Ridley Scott's The Martian, the story might just as well have taken place in New York's Central Park with the hero stuck up in a tree. Instead of the sense of mystery and wonder (and terror) that could be expected from being stranded on a different world, what we have are buckets full of the down-to-earth (or up-to-Mars), nitty-gritty practicalities of science and a predictable plot that leaves no room for character development or introspection. In the story, written by Drew Goddard and based on the 2011 novel by Andy Weir, science is the redeemed and the redeemer, the hero and the heroine, the beginning and the end.Shot in 3-D, the film's fictional aspect is established almost immediately when we find out that NASA is actually engaged in space exploration rather than tallying up its budget deficit. Though we are not told the purpose of the Ares III manned mission to Mars, we know soon enough that the crew is forced to abandon their plans when they discover that a huge life-threatening sandstorm is fast approaching. Like Home Alone, the crew takes off for home but - wait a minute - they forgot Kevin. In this case, Kevin is fellow crew member Mark Watney, played with excruciating blandness by Matt Damon. Watney, presumed to be dead after the storm strikes, turns the tables on the departed crew and decides to stay alive, though according to his best judgment, his reprieve will only be temporary.Watney must use his ingenuity and skills as a Botanist to solve his food problems to stay alive, but that is not his only concern. He has no way to communicate with Earth, knows that the next planned Mars mission will not be for four years, and that the landing spot on Mars is 3,200 kilometers away. As Watney explains in his video diaries, to survive he is going to have to "science the s..t out of this." He first makes changes to the Rover, his only vehicle, to allow for longer trips and then sets about growing potatoes in an artificial environment. Whether he likes potatoes or not, they are now his only source of nourishment and means of survival. The subject of embarrassingly phony eulogies back on Earth, NASA is shocked when satellite photos of Mars reveal that Watney has defied the odds and is still alive.The crew returning home on the Hermes spacecraft are not informed, however, to avoid distracting them from their flight - a decision made by NASA director Terry Sanders, played by a miscast Jeff Daniels. When Sanders, marketing chief Annie (Kristen Wiig) and NASA mission director Vincent (Chiwetel Ejiofor) find out that Mark is alive, they must find a way to "Bring Him Home" or else the film's promotional department will get very upset. Eventually, Watney finds a way to talk to NASA by using communications devices from the Pathfinder probe, dormant since 1997, but the film provides little insight into Watney's character and he seems to be emotionally unaffected by his plight, telling lame jokes as if he was planting potatoes in his back yard.The more interesting story takes place at Houston's Johnson Space Center where plans are underway to send a probe to Mars to resupply Watney so he can last another several years on the planet, then return to the spacecraft carrying colleagues Mitch Henderson (Sean Bean), Rick Martinez (Michael Peña), Beth Johanssen (Kate Mara), Chris Beck (Sebastian Stan) and Alex Vogel (Aksel Hennie). After the launch ends up in disaster, help arrives via the Chinese space program and the Ares III crew itself must now make a crucial decision that has life or death consequences. The Martian has some fine technical achievements including breathtaking vistas of the Martian landscape by cinematographer Dariusz Wolsky and it is an entertaining film, yet all its achievements are subsumed in an atmosphere as exciting as a how-to-manual.Disco music left behind by Commander Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain) such as songs by David Bowie and Gloria Gaynor, attempt to enhance the film's entertainment quotient and appeal to younger viewers but they only serve to distract viewers from whatever reality the story has. To its credit, The Martian has a humane message empowered by the enormity of the cooperation required to attempt to save the life of one man and it reminds us of the days when we all had a common purpose, yet the film lacks conviction and never moves past banal dialogue such as "YES", "let's do it," and all the standard clichés of triumphalism. While Damon may have scienced the s..t out of his predicament, the film has also succeeded in sciencing the beauty out of it.

OK, this is really a very very bad movie. And on several levels. Matt Damon plays awfully bad. Well this is no news, he is an awful actor, but stillHe is in this movie so emotionally numb. The scenario is really not suspenseful. Most of the scientific facts are just thrown at your head like if you were totally stupid and know nothing. All the scenario is totally unlikely. And I don't speak about the political correctness (black, Chinese everybody is there) that is really an insult to intelligence. Finally I can say that the film had beautiful images. This is the only thing I can say positive. That's all. Conclusion : this movie is a waste of time. I have already forgotten it. Man where are the SF films like Alien

Underwhelming and boring movie, can't understand how it gets so much acclaim and good reviews in general. The theme of man overcoming challenges through "science" sprinkled with disco music here and there to awaken viewers along the way and raise their spirits felt cliché and didn't make it for me. The film just felt somewhat void and foreseeable. I think it lacked suspense and if I may "planetary or space awesomeness", but of course that is not the mood the film aims at, so you can blame me for judging it from my expectations rather than than considering the movie in itself. However, to me it seems almost like a movie about Mars had to be made and this is what we got.You would expect something special coming from Ridley Scott, or maybe not after the disappointment of Prometheus (for me that film deflated at about the equator and contained some odd script and dialogue nonsense) What happened to old good space movies?

Here's the ingredientsStock Sigourney Weaver clone- The commander that leaves her mate on Mars after losing communication with Matt during a storm and than tells everyone he is dead(But latter they are told the truth ,but it just flies over everyones head so she isn't judged or court-martial in space )as she puts the peddle to the metal & heads for EarthMatt Damon-Know-it-all millennial,that just needs Duct Tape,tarp,Potatoes,Laptop & Wifi on Mars to be smug,happy with good bowel movements so he can feed his Potatoes and blogger ego as he tweets Earth about his poopy paints & Potatoes. Dumb & Dumber -Jeff Daniels playing himself as the clueless older white NASA chief.Boromir from LOTR looking really uncomfortable in the 21st Century.Stock Black nerds-huggable & cuddly and not the least bit mouthy.Stock Hispanic-spewing sarcastic comments that are uncalled for in any given situation.Smart frumpy AsiansRed Chinese that give away everything to help Matt on Mars (I guess that was thrown in for the Shanghai movie audience ) No Russian Cosmonauts or Rockets ...I wonder why? I guess they are to busy kicking terrorist butt on Earth. Few faceless Anglos.Preposterous story with no depth,drama or redeeming qualities. Even the CGI was uninspiring & Battlestar Galactica blowing a hatch with a IED attached to the bulkhead door to give the ship more "Ompf..." was comical

Let's see... Had a storm, grew some potatoes, fixed batteries and was saved by incompetent NASA Director and some hip science guys on student loans and Captain/Commander Kirky... I love Science fiction, but this is very poor science fiction and science. It's like what can a botanist with a PHD design? I did like watching the rover vehicle drive around in Arizona, that was kind of a nice feeling. This movie is pure Hollywood and has it's total focus is on a feel good ending. This movie should appeal to someone who enjoys current Hollywood and just likes IMAX scenery and sound and bubblegum endings. I did not like the movie, especially the social overtures. The art of making intelligent movie that reflects how most people live and with some basis in reality is obviously gone.

Imagine if you took the movie Cast Away, stripped away all the humanity and excitement, and set it in space. You'd have The Martian. This movie is an uninspired mess full of dull performances and idiotic characters. Jeff Daniels does a great job at playing the professional idiot, Sean Bean plays the cool dude who undermines his superior, and Matt Damon plays the most annoying protagonist of all time. If you like movies consisting almost entirely of an irritating character talking to you through a webcam about mundane activities or events you've already seen, then buy a ticket immediately. There are literally no redeemable qualities to be found here. The script is laughably bad, the science aspects of the movie don't dazzle the eyes, and there's no tension due to Damon's terrible performance. Just when you think it can't get any worse, the film wraps up with one of the most hilariously terrible climaxes in cinema history. No spoilers, but you'd assume a scientific movie would have a basic understanding of the laws of physics. Anyway, If you like pedantic movies that serve no purpose other than to throw science at your face, without any heart or intrigue, then go see this. Otherwise, I'd advise you look elsewhere. This gets an F.

First of all sorry for my English. I haven't read the book and my review is based solely on the movie. There are almost no spoilers in this review. Points of criticism: 1) they didn't manage to show the time scale of what's happening so that the viewer can feel it. They show numbers like 500 Sol, but you don't feel that this time has really passed. Interstellar shows the effect of long space travels on people souls and minds way better. 2) the results of some rocket launches were really predictable 3) I have a feeling that China is mentioned there only for commercial reasons. Like you have a market of 1.5 billion people and mentioning China would really attract Chinese viewers to movie theaters. 4) weather is too harsh there on Mars:) 5) (cliché) young genius scientist-sociopath who comes up with a solution of a problem 6) the main character basically overcomes a number of random events as in Gravity. Gravity, however, is more dynamic and makes you feel that there is a danger for the main character. In The Martian, basically, the main character does no mistakes, does not take the risk to achieve anything. His success is limited by some random malfunctions, otherwise he knows more or less everything.

Another day I read that the average IQ of the human population is falling....A rating of 8 for "The Martian" is proof of that.The Martian is a real bore fest, an uninspired politically correct film filled with the habitual clichés about scientists, race and everything else.I can even ignore the stupid things they showed in the movie (e.g, why remove the roof of a perfectly airtight, functioning Mars rover?) after all not everyone has a PhD in physics or engineering... but the characters are bland, the cursing is annoying, the acting is coma inducing...There is no tension, no sense of urgency...the whole thing can be summarized as an experiment in the cultivation of potatoes on Mars. And to make things worse, the ending is almost an exact copy of what they did in "Red Planet" (2000), with Val Kilmer...It is a mediocre film made by a director who is showing his age...

During a storm in Mars, the astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is hit by an antenna and presumed dead by his captain and crew that cannot find him. Captain Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain) seeks him out and decides to departure with her crew. However, he has survived and finds that was left behind short of supplies and without communication to Earth. Mark is botanic and uses his knowledge to plant potatoes in a green house he has prepared. Meanwhile in NASA the scientists find that Mark is alive and try at any cost to bring him back to Earth. Will they succeed?"The Martian" is a film with fantastic special effects and cinematography. However there is a total lack of emotions and suspense and it is hard to understand the hype around this film. Mark Watney seems to be a combination of Robinson Crusoe with MacGyver with his ideas and solutions. However, he never feels depressed or in despair with the loneliness or with his doomed situation. His rescue is a rip-off "Gravity" that is better and better. If the viewer watches this movie with great expectation, he or she will be very disappointed. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Perdido em Marte" ("Lost in Mars")

(Credit IMDb)During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.The Martian was a major disappointment for me. Mars looks fantastic and everything looks great, but I wasn't able to ever fully get into it like I wanted to. It never felt like Matt Damon was in any true danger to me despite how it was presented otherwise. It tries way too hard to be epic and that's one of the reason it fails. I also felt it lacked suspense. One thing Gravity did well was deliver suspense, but The Martian doesn't. This surprised me a lot because Ridley Scott is a master at suspense. Even though I didn't really go nuts over this movie like a lot of people did, Matt Damon is fantastic. He holds the film together with his excellent performance. I can't really say the same for the rest. Everybody else isn't developed that well. Jessica Chastain is a very capable actress, but she isn't given much to do as I'd hoped. Wiig, Daniels, Bean, Mara, Ejiofor all do fine in the roles they are given. Ejiofor and Mara shine the most out of the people I listedThis movie has its moments, but I was very disappointed overall. It looks great, Damon is superb, but I wasn't in love with it like so many others. Hopefully I'm not alone 6/10

Someone came up with the idea in Hollywood that the hopeless position of 'Apollo 13' could be crossed with the CGI/techniques of 'Gravity.' And as the story is not true we can really go to town on the jeopardy elements in space as well as on Mars. Hence we have someone left behind on the red planet with little hope of rescue, trying desperately to think of ways of staying alive - Daniel Defoe - does he still get royalties for rip offs of 'Robinson Crusoe?' For most of the time it all seems comparatively easy, and you do not believe for one minute that we are anywhere but in the desert on Earth, even Wadi Rum from 'Lawrence of Arabia.' Atmosphere is the same!!!! Work is just a matter of humping a few things, and trouble can all be fixed with white tape!!!! The middle of this film is awfully boring and totally uninteresting - drama having to be provided by painful expressions of disbelief and horror at the predicament of Matt Damon (the stranded astronaut) by Edifor and Wiig that does not really convince. Action in the last third is pure Hollywood - let's space walk without a safety rope, and we can cut our spacesuit to use pas propulsion! For most of the film you are looking and feeling with Matt Damon (not a lot as he is given little to work on), but just in case you did not get his predicament, there is a totally redundant speech by him on what he faced as the final scene! But worst of all, there is a hole in the plot so large it undermines the rickety edifice of a superficial movie completely. They leave Matt Damon because of a storm on Mars which threatens to topple the MAV (escape rocket back to orbit), and it would have done if they had not left. Guess how Matt Damon escapes the red planet? Another MAV has been sent early for a later mission and is sitting upright untouched some thousands of kilometres across the surface! Oh, really, come on Mr Scott and Hollywood that is cheating your audience. Acting is basic and perfunctory. Direction just a red shaded desert scene with endless vistas. Script needed heavy doctoring - forget the jokes, they are mere pleasantries! Overall another over-hyped film that is pretty empty and ordinary.

OK  so much has been written both good & not so good about this film here and at other movie review sites. Considering myself a seasoned sci-fi fan, maybe it's just my advancing years but, Ridley Scott and company, what were you thinking? When is somebody going to give Mars a truly grandiose sci-fi treatment? How would Kubrick have handled this subject? So much of the suspense and pacing of the book is totally missing from this movie. Even at over two hours the events of the film just doesn't connote the passage of months. Further, it all seems just a little too glib. Our hero doesn't ever seem to be in any peril at all as long as he can "science the sheet out of this" he'll get by just fine. Red Green fans will love the somewhat comic use of NASA's super duct tape too. Even if you haven't read the book, in this typically "Hollywood" film, we know right from the first frame that our wisecracking group of explorers will never be in any real jeopardy. Even the premise of the entire movie is totally false. Wind speeds on Mars can be high but the atmosphere is so tenuous that it exerts a negligible force. The sand storm depiction is just plain wrong. Yes I know - suspension of belief - even Andrew Weir makes this concession in You Tube presentation. It's yet another totally forgettable sci-fi film about Mars. Chris in Winnipeg Canada, Oct 2015.

Ridley Scott's new film "The Martian" does not mess around with buildup or anything in the way of expository drama; it gets right to the point and recognizes why you came to see it. It opens with Ares III, NASA's manned mission to Mars, experiencing a treacherous storm upon arriving on the red planet. Debris is flying and visibility is next to nothing, and before the astronauts (Jessica Chastain, Michael Peña, and Kate Mara) can take off, fellow astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is struck by a flying antenna and presumed killed. The group takes off with the notion that Watney is dead.Following NASA head Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels) making the announcement of Watney's death, we see that Watney is indeed very much alive on Mars, albeit slightly handicapped after being impaled in the stomach by the antenna. Watney now has to essentially operate on a field of landmines whilst acting as a scientist MacGyver to try and sustain life on Mars, a place where presumably nothing grows and anything can go wrong at any time. In addition to monitoring water reclamation, oxygen, and atmospheric levels, he winds up growing an array of potatoes with the help of the feces of him and his crew and makes a small home for himself. It will over four years for another manned mission to rescue him, but NASA headquarters, comprised of Sanders and assistants like Vincent (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Annie (Kristen Wiig), is determined to bring him back home in a timely fashion.Headquarters is also struggling with the idea of telling the surviving members of the Ares III mission that Watney is alive, which ignites a fiery ethical side to the film's story. With that, "The Martian" is essentially a gigantic teamwork exercise where everyone feels human, which is a pleasant attribute for Scott, whose recent films have really lacked in the filmmaking craft and humanization elements. Scott's visual effects and grandscale directing usually never fail, but when these become the focus and human characters and the little touches (the science, the cause-and-effect relationships, and the narrative interest) become secondary or gravely shortchanged, then there's a real issue with his films on a macro level."The Martian," even with its nearly two and a half hour runtime, remains consistently interesting because it's a generally optimistic film, surprisingly enough. Watney is a wisecracker a lot of the time, even in the face of certain doom, and seeing NASA's constant efforts to bring him home show a certain diligence on their behalf works to make this film surprisingly hopeful. Then there's the roundtable of rich performances here; aside from Damon, who does solid work being the only actor on-screen in his scenes for his sheer honesty mixed with vulnerability, Daniels and Ejiofor work off of each other incredibly well together here.Consider the scene following Ares III's escape from Mars during the storm, when Watney is still presumed dead; the two consult one another about what to do with Watney's remains whilst subsequently trying to find a way to turn it into a more positive, caring PR display by sending another mission out to recover his corpse. This is a perfect scene in the way that it shows the way corporations and organizations balance humanity while considering their bottom-line, and who better to play figures in those pivotal positions of power than Daniels, who's work on "The Newsroom" has gone on to be acclaimed, and Ejiofor, who, much like David Oyelowo, will likely win an Oscar in the next ten years.Aside from a reliance on montages instead of actual exposition, "The Martian"'s biggest problem as a film is the fact that we simply do not get enough time with Watney alone. The audience can never get a strong grasp on a relationship with this character simply because we're never allotted enough one-on-one time without the intrusion of mission control. We needed more scenes with Watney ostensibly helpless, trying to farm, or simply trying to get by on what little he has to surround himself and the film doesn't do that."The Martian" also makes fairly strong use of its 3D elements, using it as a tool of immersion rather than a gimmick that works to add a surcharge to already high movie ticket prices. Consider the storm scene, which completely floods the screen with indiscernible debris and disarray; the scene is only emphasized with the benefit of 3D and makes the experience that much more horrifying, being that, like the characters, we can barely see a thing.Above all, this is a film destined to please a crowd; in addition, it also keeps its pathos down considerably, doesn't do a whole lot of pandering to a crowd anxious to see action, and never loses sight of its deeply human and remarkable story. It also reaffirms the value of logical problem-solving in the face of a truly unexpected, and granted unprecedented, time of tumultuous uncertainty. It's a low-key triumph made on a nine figure budget.

I stopped watching after Matt Damon said, "In the face of overwhelming odds, I'm left with only one option: I'm gonna have to science the $hit out of this." I wouldn't be surprised if NASA scientists and the ghost of Carl Sagan weren't collectively cringing after hearing this horrible drivel. Do they think this is clever writing, or are they just too lazy to write something good? Why don't they just have the actors say, "Yada yada yada, rocket propulsion, blah blah blah, Mars, something, something, science..."I've said it before: I think Hollywood should just give up all pretense and film one of their over-paid, self-important "actors" to sit on a toilet for 2 hours. It couldn't be any worse than this movie or most of the other garbage they keep churning out in order to separate us peasants from our hard-earned money.

Fascinating and enthralling tale of resourcefulness, ingenuity and survival.After a massive storm forces his crew to leave the planet, an astronaut, Mark Watney (played by Matt Damon), is marooned on Mars, and presumed dead. Figuring that it would be at least four years until someone can rescue him, he sets out, though often ingenious means, to survive..A very well thought-out and made movie from director Ridley Scott. Engrossing, engaging plot - the odds are against our hero, and you feel his plight, yet he finds ways to keep going. The resourcefulness stretches beyond a single man though, to the NASA, and other, people on the ground trying to get him home. This engenders a great feeling of a community of specialists working together.While I can't validate the science in the movie (I'll leave that to Neil deGrasse Tyson!), the science FEELS right - there are no obvious plot holes or inaccuracies. Good performances all round, especially from Matt Damon in the lead role. Only sour note is Sean Bean's character, which came across as cartoonish.A must-see.

During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meagre supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.Andy Weir started writing a book about an astronaut stranded on Mars. He hadn't had any success with publishers in the past, so he begun posting chapters to his website. That was 2011. People really liked it - so much that Crown Publishing made it become a best-seller. Weir tells this story through largely detailed work logs. The Martian is impressively geeky. Smart science-fiction is such a rarity these days. Our parents witnessed the first man in the Moon decades ago and we witnessed the landing of curiosity on Mars: WE are the Mars generation. That's the inspiration. Astronauts really are the real pioneers. They do something incredibly heroic, brave and risky but also incredibly necessary. This book is adapted by Ridley Scott, who transformed science-fiction cinema with Blade Runner and Alien. Once again, Scott goes back to the future, which is a familiar destination for him. Andy Weir and screenplay writers wrote us a love letter to science. They obviously skipped a lot of complications in the film, there's so much in the book but they decide to pick out some bits and leave others which is natural and not a problem at all. You definitely don't need to have read the book to enjoy the movie but you definitely SHOULD read the book because it's fantastic! Mr Weir, from online serial to book to screen, has brought a little appreciated genre into the mainstream: the nerd thriller. This hyper-technical genre, deeply developed by novelists does something that classic thrillers do not: it puts the nerd (female or male) in the centre of the action. The intellectual is the hero. Imagine that instead of Tom Cruise, Simon Pegg was the star of Mission: Impossible. This is an adventure for those of us who believe, deep in our hearts, that the heroes of Star Trek are Spock and Scotty: the science officer and the engineer. And writing about The Martian seems to be bringing out the geekiness even more in your humble correspondent. Still its heart, humour and rousing story of perseverance and global collaboration promise to broaden the film's appeal well beyond nerds. A lot of people - including myself - responded to the characters in the book. The humour and the way he keeps his logical, practical spirit in order to solve one problem at a time; is what makes this character compelling and super duper interesting. Andy Weir admits freely that his character has little inner life. Watney simply pushes forward, putting crises into a mental lock box and figuring out how to survive. "It could have been a deep psychological thing", he said "but that's not the kind of book I like to read and it's not the kind of book I wanted to write". Engineer at NASA - who are hoping to get people to Mars someday - said Mr Weir has captured something important about what make Humans want to explore. Mark Watney character represents the very cutting edge of humanity and what's possible and what we know we all need someday; which is move some of the species off the planet to ensure the species survival. Nowadays still, there are people working toward that goal. "Watney's everybody's favourite" because he's the brave, resourceful American optimist. We all know a smart ass nerd just like him. Moreover, if you're going to be stuck alone with an actor, who guides you through a story with nothing but video diaries, you need someone who can exude the right amount of humour and confidence. In significant measure due to his character's mordant humour, Matt Damon provides a very good company during the long stretches when he's on screen alone. Plus the actor's physicality makes Mark's capability entirely credible. Matt Damon has the charm and wit to land the tricky one-liners. You try making "Fuck you, Mars!" sound cool. From there Watney must not only come to grips with the most dire situation any astronaut has ever faced, but also mends his own gory abdominal wound in a scene that is Prometheus-level in its guts wrenching body horror. Watney is supposedly a symbol of hope for all humanity in the final act. Creating at the same time a new Manifest Destiny. This movie is the Die Hard of space film. Matt Damon gets stab, he gets frozen, he gets exploded and even burnt. Scenes back on Earth provide a hectic, densely populated counterweight to the Martian aridity. The rest of the cast is diverse in a way that feels genuinely authentic. In the story the rest of us on Earth have this understanding of what this man sacrificed and the beauty of that. They do everything they can to bring him back because he represents the best of us all. However (...) > Head over to my blog to read more about The Martian

REVIEW OF MARTIAN MOVIEI will start by saying that I read the book this is based on. I am not one of those people who always think the book is better than the movie; American Psycho is one of my favorite movies and I think Christian Bale's performance along with Mary Harmon's direction make it more enjoyable than the book (although the book is more twisted and perhaps a bit deeper).To summarize my review, the movie-making establishment has yet again marred an interesting and inspiring story. The book had a wonderfully realist and analytical view of a marooning story, which was over-glamorized and under-directed by the director (shame on Ridley Scott). The faults can be found in this adaptation in every aspect of the film. It should be considered a disappointment and the only saving grace is the original story, which should have a much better movie made of it some day. If I am ever in the position to make it, I will.Let's start with the casting. Matt Damon is a fantastic actor but this is not a role for him. In the book, Mark Watney is an engineer sent to space and, truthfully, a nerd. As smart as I know Matt Damon to be and as many intelligent roles as he has had, he does not personify the Watney from the book. He does the serious parts pretty well (although it sounds like he is dumbing it down all the time, which is probably the screen writing's fault) but as soon as he tries to tell a Watney joke, it falls flat. That's because he isn't nailing the role. In my mind, the main role should go to someone who is nerdy and who can pull off sarcasm better. I would go with an unrecognizable actor who fits the role because what I loved about the book was how I felt like I rediscovered how cool engineering is, not how cool Matt Damon is.The rest of the cast is also terrible. Most of the actors and actresses are just your stockyard Hollywood actors; pretty and over-dramatic. Of all the parts, Vincent Kapoor and Bruce Nguyen are actually well-acted, maybe Teddy. Otherwise, you could replace any one of those actors with another and it wouldn't change much.Then let's go to the set design and cinematography. Space travel is not glamorous, nor should it be portrayed in that way. Even Interstellar overdoes it, and I believe what made the story of the Martian so great was how real it felt. It's like reading a biography. Spaceships shouldn't have extra space in the hallways (the Hermes is huge), the "gym" room shouldn't exist (think of the actual international space-station's set up; the treadmill just extends down from the wall), and the HAB and Hermes have ridiculous amounts of internal volume. Every cubic inch of space inside a shuttle costs a ridiculous amount of money. It makes moot points that Teddy has against creating another Ares mission when they are spending extra money on a crazy T-shaped table for discussions for a ship with 6 crew.Also, in reality, graphical user interfaces (GUIs) don't animate like they do in the movie; that serves no purpose in reality. They should also not be uniformly blue all the time. They also don't project onto people's faces. Also, NASA doesn't have fancy lecture halls with light bars around the desks and a metal engraved floor (I'm pretty sure); it is probably pretty basic since they should be spending their money on space exploration. All of these things pull me away from the story, which is in essence, how do you survive when you have nothing and nobody. Surrounded by all this beautifully but insensibly designed technology and space, why should we feel for this astronaut? If movie makers were to tell a story about the colonization of America, would they all be wearing dry cleaned, beautifully sewn dresses and have a big old yacht with plenty of space for everyone to hang out? Why doesn't Mark Watney's spacesuit have any dirt on it after 2 years on a dry, dirt covered planet?A small note about sound design: interfaces also don't beep like they do in this movie. Also, bombs made in 39 minutes attached to a lighting panel do not beep as if on a timer (why waste time on that). I feel that none of these things add to the story as I'd love it and serve to detract from the realism of it. Want to make a good movie about traveling to Mars? Make it feel real. Direct it as if it were a documentary. Think like Kubrick did 40 years ago: Does space have sound? Do spaceship GUIs only have one color when representing complex data? Ridiculous.Lastly, they butchered the book. They cut out or shortened all of the bits that actually make this story interesting. Driving for 3200km on a planet no one else exists on deserves more than a footnote. How about when the rover crashes entering the crater? That was the suspense of the ending. Loneliness; feeling like he missed his window. Where is that in the movie? Every time there is some over-dramatic pause in the film, take that out and replace it with some part of the story that was actually written.Overall, it's sad because I was excited to see this movie having loved the book. It's even more sad that people might think that the book wasn't that great because the movie was even just on par. Hollywood, you ruined another story, I just wish people would stop paying you to do it.

I was not impressed with The Martian especially since Ridley Scott directed it. Matt Damon was excellent but I was not impressed with the rest of the cast. Jeff Daniels seemed like he walked off the set of The Newsroom and stayed in his Will McAvoy character. Jessica Chastain as the captain of the ship was beyond belief as well as Kate Mara as one of the crew members. Kirsten Wiig was also very distracting and ill cast. When making serious decisions, they were too busy smiling and joking around. No way anyone on a 500 day journey would act like this. I guess I was expecting a darker, more foreboding tone to the movie. I never felt that there was any real suspense that a signature Scott movie is known for. I gave it 6 out of 10 stars to be nice. I wouldn't watch it again.

Are you kidding me? It's what Matt Damon / Mark Watney asks at a certain point in the movie about NASA's plans to bring him home and it was basically the only moment when me and Watney felt empathythough commenting entirely different matters. I have not read the book, if it's a blatant John Wayne sci-fi take on the "throw me anything, I am an American cowboy and will laugh in the face of death, finding a brilliant solution to survive" concept, then brilliant, Ridley Scott totally nailed it. Otherwise the story and dialogs are among the poorest things I have seen lately. It just looks like a NASA-on-steroids advertising striving to convince that "we can solve anything you throw at us and we'll also be funny and classy doing it". There are so many positive reviews about this movie here in IMDb and it frightens me. I get it, the movie is visually quite great (but NOTHING in comparison to something like Interstellar, which stands not just higher, but totally on another level), and for sci-fi, space travel nerds like me it's always amazing to see spaceships, spacesuits and realistic attempts to visualize it. But why should the story be so dull?? It makes you think about Ridley Scott with a super size me cigar in his mouth sitting on a human leather couch in a gazillion million dollar house in Hollywood chatting with a bunch of producers saying "ok, we'll set a bunch of explosions, and the guy will laugh about it and say something funny, then we'll, like, make everything go south, super-south, and he'll find solutions for everything, then we'll throw in the Chinese that help us Americans but we do it better anyway in the end, oh, and let's stick in a young nerdy physicists that nails the perfect solution that not even a Nobel prize would come up with!". There are way too many clichés in this movie and nothing is innovative left aside the wonderful spacesuits.

Not very often I feel I need to write a review but I just want to put it out there that this was extremely disappointing and one of the most painfully boring films I've seen in a long time.I absolutely loved the film Gravity but this did nothing for me.Where was the beauty. Where was the build up?Why was Matt Damon's character so annoying?Why was there so much cheesy stuff in this film.Real waste of time and money for us.Apologies I know it sounds negative but it's been a long time since I've been so disappointed

The amount of detail left out of the movie is jarring, nothing is explained - rather they gloss over everything with 'the math checks out.' Major set-backs of Watney's are also left out, and not to mention they changed the ending to a more 'Hollywood' one. The character development was atrocious - never going into any detail other than their position and title.Matt Damon should not have been casted as Watney as well, the joking and serious side shown in the novel didn't feel authentic in his performance. Any actor in Hollywood would have accepted this role, and Damon was the first choice? Weird.The CGI was disappointing as well, when floating in 0G they changed direction out of nowhere and could almost see the straps they were harnessed with. Overall cheesy, didn't give the same feel as the novel. Nothing is explained, no science/character developing/China relationships/Watney's Explorations/really everything. 1/10 not worth the hype

Well, firstly, Ridley ticked all the boxes in what the audience expects to see, even if it is a sci-fi genre movie. Then, where is the devastation of the devastating news that matt damon received?Then all the corny jokes? and the unnecessary swearing meant to resemble the directors' POV.The racial discrimination that is made obvious in the films effort not to make it obvious.The predictable yeah scenes. Im so surprised there was no alien busting out of Matt Damon's chest!Ridley you are ridiculous and you made me under appreciate Matt Damon's acting.This truly was a pathetic movie. Just ask any black man with a Kapoor Family name! What a waste of time, but Im not surprised it was a hit, as the target audience you sought appreciated it. "clap clap clap".

First half of the movie was good. A breath of fresh air exploring a theme of a man surviving on his own - a feeling that is kinda forgotten for civilized people. ...But then starts series of the most boring and stupid clichés Hollywood spawned. They take about 1.5 hr of the total 2.5.It's not just "ok nothing new here", it's about "ok, how can we make this movie even more mediocre?".Cliché about people people in command center celebrating every successful thing? You got it!Cliché about crowd on the streets celebrating a space flight (what they actually never do)? Here you go!Really, they failed miserably with such a great theme, such a shame.If not the first hour I'd voted 2 with no doubt.

In 2035 an astronaut (Matt Damon) gets stuck on Mars after he is presumed dead and his team departs without him. When NASA eventually finds out that he's alive & well they have to find a way to save him. But can he survive for the next couple of years until they arrive? Jeff Daniels plays the director of NASA while Jessica Chastain plays the leader of the vessel. Sean Bean, Chiwetel Ejiofor and several other notables are on hand.The only way for Ridley Scott's "The Martian" (2015) to work is if it can convince you that Damon's character is actually on Mars, which it does spectacularly and realistically (minus a few forced dramatics or stabs at humor here and there). If, like me, you're fascinated by Mars or the potential of living on another planet in the real world, "The Martian" is a must.It's reminiscent of movies like "Armegeddon" (1998), "Mission to Mars" (2000), "Gravity" (2013) and "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1968), albeit without the fantastical elements of some of these. It even brings to mind the first acts of "Planet of the Apes" (1968) and "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" (1970).The movie scores pretty well on the female front with Chastain, Mackenzie Davis, Kate Mara and Kristen Wiig. Davis looks good in tight pants.The film runs 2 hours, 24 minutes.GRADE: A-/B+

Man, this movie made me angry! It attempts to make the audience feel sorry for Matt Damon's character, but all I could think of was what a selfish bastard he is. He risks the lives of his former crew mates, makes them stay in space more than a year longer than they should have, and I don't even want to think of the financial costs, and all because that egoistic turd decided he wanted to stay alive (and then takes all the credit himself for being alive in the end). If he would have thought about anyone else than himself he would have killed himself! Some of his crew mates had families, for crying out loud, which he obviously did not care one bit about! So the failure of this movie is clearly that the message of hope, that one should never give up ("solve one problem and then the next" and etc.) is overshadowed by the fact that the main character is a stubborn, selfish bastard who obviously valued his life above those of others.

(Contains minor spoilers, nothing that would ruin the movie)The movie is a joke. It is currently rated 8.3/10 on IMDb, taking #134 at the top 250 - and it's not even funny.If you expect a sophisticated movie, you're in the wrong place. This movie seems to be written by kids or intended for them. The script is ridiculous, spoon-fed to the audience and repeats everything twice in case they still didn't get it. Every character in this movie is stupid and one-dimensional. It features silly jokes and moronic behavior which you haven't seen astronauts do since PROMETHEUS.This movie wants you to believe that an astronaut left alone on Mars finds out by himself time after time ways to keep alive. It wants you to believe that astronauts were sent to a mission to Mars without taking into consideration that something could go wrong, they didn't think of ways to grow food or survive on Mars and didn't train the astronauts or gave them basic instructions book for a case of emergency. They simply left it to the astronauts to figure it out by themselves in a case of emergency. And voilà - when something like that happens, one astronaut invents endless ways to survive - something that all of NASA's scientists didn't think of before. This guy should have made billions in making his own startups.In MOON - one of the best movies in recent years - they put a computer so that the main character is kept isolated from society but has someone/something to talk to, thus sharing his thoughts and feelings for the viewer.In THE MARTIAN, on the other hand, the character simply talks to himself. Yes, most of the time he talks to the camera, but not always. When he does, he talks as if he were explaining stuff to a 6-year old. I expect an astronaut to leave behind a vlog intended for his peers, who should know a thing or two when coordinating a multi-billion mission into Mars. I don't expect him to talk like he's explaining this to his kid.Characters don't only think like kids, act and explain like kids, but they also make their own decisions - again and again - like this multi- billion mission was their own private game. From taking over a space vehicle, through sending hidden messages against the commander's decision, to sharing country secrets. This is beyond ridiculous. This is straight B-movie material.Just like in INTERSTELLAR, Jessica Chastain again has to save Matt Damon who was left alone on a far away planet. There's nothing much I can add to that.I simply refuse to believe this movie was directed by the same guy who directed ALIEN and BLADE RUNNER. This is 100% a Roland Emmerich job. From the poorly directed acting and script, to the ridiculous crowd scenes at the end. This is pure Emmerich. If tomorrow the studio would publish that they pranked us and used Ridley Scott's name, but actually Emmerich is the one who directed this film, I wouldn't be surprised at all.I said it several times before and I'll say it again: Jessica Chastain and Kate Mara simply can't act. They are awful actresses and should only appear in B-movies. Chastain's acting makes it impossible for you to believe, even for one minute, that she's the team's captain. She acts like a girl on a field trip. And Kate Mara is Kate Mara, no need to add anything to that.As for the visuals, which got such praising reviews - well, they are OK. Nothing astounding, definitely not after we've seen GRAVITY. There are some nice zero-gravity shots, but frequently it seemed to me like wire work and the movement wasn't nearly as clean and natural as what we've seen in Gravity. Same goes for the movement in space (both in the ship and outside) - frequently it seemed to ignore the laws of physics.Matt Damon is pretty good in his role, but the silly script and direction ruin that too.All in all, this is a big disappointment. The film is watchable, but only if you shut your brain completely off and try to watch it like a kids movie. If you try to find any logic or sophistication, like I did, you'll have a hard time enjoying this movie.

The more I watched this film, the more irritated I became.First, there was the under-scoring, constantly nudging me, telling me what to feel: "Oh, look, this is cute; this is dangerous; wait, suspense coming up; how jolly; oh, isn't that cool?" etc., etc. There were only a few moments when I was left alone with the images and characters.Then, there was Disco. The reason Disco music came and went so fast is that it's emotional range is so narrow. You'd think that with all of Music to plunder, the producers could have found something more expressive: jazz, swing, classical, hey, even folk would have given us more depth and range. But this is just another sign that this movie operates within very limited bounds..It's so obvious it was written by a nerd: "Hey, how cool would it be to take all the problems that might come up in extra-terrestrial exploration and show in tedious detail how good I can be in solving them?"The trouble is, that the people doing the solving are all, without exception, inhuman automatons.Matt Damon at least has an advantage in that it can crack a few feeble jokes. All the rest, back on Earth and on the space craft, despite the p.c.-athon of all the sexes and races and ages and nationalities, come down to a single type of artificial intelligence: the ability to solve problems. Completely incapable of any emotion whatsoever: no tears, no laughter. All brain and no heart.I started to feel very uneasy when the crew debated whether to turn around and rescue Damon. Any sign of reluctance? Of conflict? Any feeling at all? Nope; not a peep. Oh, yes, we'd be happy to "solve this problem." Evidently, the thought of spending another 2 years in space requires no pondering, no soul- searching; in other words, no sacrifice. And why would it? These are not humans, they are robots.Oh, sure, we get a shot of the leader making a slight "moue" of regret, when she learns that Damon is alive after she left him to die. But does she lose any sleep, any self doubt? Not a bit; it's on to the next "solution."(Maybe she should open a business and call it "Rescue Solutions.")I felt emotionally boxed in again when Damon was reunited with his crew. Was there any questioning of motives, signs of team rivalry or sexual tensions? No,no recriminations, no resentment. Instead, it was all about superficial joy at having "solved" the problem. And why not; he was never in any real danger, was he? Because he was not really human.Maybe this is film is for those who like detective stories, solving mysteries and reading riddles.But, for me, there is nothing of the wonder and mystery of life, nothing of that riddling essence we call humanity.

I didn't expect much, and that is perhaps the only aspect of the movie that did not disappoint.You ever get the feeling from a movie or a series that given the plot - that the setting could be just about anything? This is exactly the case with this movie. It could have been set on an island, on a remote mountain top, in a desert right here on Earth... literally anywhere. There is so little Mars- specific in the plot (or rather focused on the fact that this is another planet... something that should have been much more capitalised on) that the whole survival thing could just as well have been about a guy stuck in a service elevator in an abandoned hotel after his coworkers accidentally shut off the power for the whole building on their way out. As for the rest of the plot-specific action going on... meh. A lot of "video-diary" stuff, Matt finds poop to grow potatoes, Matt does something to survive and something happens because of that, Matt tries to keep himself busy with some other nonsense, Matt talks to himself because he's so alone and a bit nuts because of that, Matt does some McGuyver stuff to survive/communicate/whatever... that's just it there is so little excitement about the plot it basically revolves about mundane routine with some halfway-decent slapstick humor every once in a while there is not much to tell. I was almost expecting some serious plot twist/aliens whatever to come crashing in and turn it all around but that never happened. As far as the rest of the characters go some of them over-played and over-exxagerated their roles, while the rest were just stereotypical characters that needed no character building and didn't get any either. The only thing that kinda spiced up the drama was the rescue effort, but again by that time the movie was already as blant as one of those bad dished Gordon Ramsey gets so disgusted with on his show. I don't know what this movie was supposed to be exactly, an experiment with how boring a one- man survival thing can become or something like that, but it didn't even get CLOSE to what a good movie "cast away" is. My 2 cents worth of advice just forget about this movie and watch Cast Away.

I'm a space junkie. I follow the latest news and developments from the Mars Rovers. I follow Voyager I and II on twitter. I also loved the movie Interstellar. In Interstellar, I felt like the science, although unbelievable, was actually believable from a scientific theory perspective. Interstellar was great science. In addition to that great science, was an excellent and heart grabbing storyline and screenplay. And this inter play between heart grabbing story and good science that made Interstellar so powerful, is what the Martian lacked and for a movie focused on one guy, it was sorely needed. Let me first say that the visuals of mars, outerspace, the inside of the spaceship Hermes in The Martian were amazing. It was truly interesting to see on film what our current understanding says the surface of Mars looks like. The sky looked almost earth like and the terrain was very Arizona desert like. It was cool to watch and think about what it would feel like if you were on Mars. Aesthetically beautiful film. Now, for the rest of the movie... I could not relate to Matt Damon's character, Mark Watney. Not in the sense that I needed he and I to have a similar background, etc. But in the sense that I didn't see any real human element to Watney. He came off as robotic in his attitude. I get it that he wanted to be upbeat but c'mon Ridley Scott, the guy is alone with his thoughts 24 hours a day for hundreds upon hundreds of days and we can't get a flashback of him thinking about loved ones he left behind on earth, or of him showing mental agony, stress, and sadness.... Just something to let us know that this guy isn't some type of A.I. There is one quick, seemingly thrown in, scene 2 hours into the film where Watney makes a quick mention of some family back on Earth. Other than that, he seems to be a guy who has no loved ones, nobody that personally knows and cares about him except the crew he went to space with. Nor does he seem to have any true feelings for anybody that we know of. He's just a guy who constantly makes sarcastic remarks and acts as if he is starring in a reality show, not someone who is stranded 50 million miles away from Earth alone with his thoughts. If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the film. There are no surprises. No real suspense except at the very beginning and at the end and even then you knew what was going to happen. This movie won't make you feel really happy or sad. It won't make you wonder what happens next nor will you really care. It's basically just a documentary about how to survive on Mars if you're an astronaut and your crew leaves you behind. The end.4 out of 10.

I'll confess up front I have an engineering and aerospace background. That said, I'll also be clear that I view other movies in this genre very positively. The science and tech in this movie rates low, a 2 or 3 out of 10 at best. I know, it's Hollywood, but go watch Apollo 13 from 20 years ago and you'll see a much better film about space travel.This film is also disappointing in it's apparent push to show females and minorities in every role possible. In reality, the science field is heavily male, heavily white and Asian. This movie would have you believe otherwise. It's like they went out of their way to avoid white males in the technical roles.The one bit of skin (naked butt) and few uses of curse words (most heard on cable already) are both unneeded.There's virtually no character emotional development. See Hanks in Castaway for a much better story about being marooned.I will think twice before seeing any Ridley Scott movie again. Not worth a full price ticket in my opinion.

I went to this movie because I am interested in how NASA, and maybe other space travel enthusiasts may see the future for us in space. I also wanted to see Ridley Scott come away with a real winner.I came away very disappointed.There was not enough science in the developing of this story...just a lot of space needing to be filled. I didn't care to see alien conflicts. I didn't care to see mega weaponry. Sure there was some clever resourcefulness but not worthy of a 2 hour movie. While I am not a big fan of Mark Watney's creativity(he was a knowledgeable scientist doing what scientists do), he was more creative than the creators of this movie.Seriously, this movie was like going to work and dealing with everyday problems. What's the big deal? I cannot condemn the acting but I do condemn the material the actors had to deal with. And for two hours??? If the creators had shown more interest in the content I would have been more interested myself.

I had high hopes for this movie based on the trailer and adverts that I had seen but my god was I wrong. The movie was utterly boring. it is a cliché these days to say 'there was so much potential' and yes there was but there was not much to salvage. The casting was bad, Matt Damon has made a few decent movies but he is no Christian bale, he has very little variance in his character, i mean being stuck out there on another planet you would expect someone to be freaking out,but instead happy clappy Damon is saying he is going to 'science it'. Yeh i suppose if you are into science and the physics behind it you would be somewhat entertained. But from a cinematic point of view there was very little to be entertained by. Very little CGI , very little character development . It came off more as a B movie that you would be aired on TV.

I'm an engineer, so I enjoy science in my science fiction. But more than that, I most enjoy a science fiction movie that's exciting and entertaining. "The Martian" is mostly neither. "The Martian" must have been sold to investors as "Robinson Crusoe on Mars" meets "Gravity". Ultimately, though, it is not as entertaining as either of those movies, and here's why.What I really like about "Gravity" is that they took an otherwise rather slow-moving and potentially boring space story and turned it into a roller coaster ride. I thought the movie had good pacing and good effects. The film excelled -- was perhaps groundbreaking -- in its look and feel of being in space."The Martian" presents itself as science that could really happen, almost a documentary of this guy's life on Mars. But the story is full of holes -- see many other reviewer comments -- just as "Gravity" is -- many pointed these out as well. "Robinson Crusoe on Mars" (1964) is a silly tale, with not much scientific accuracy, yet I found it (still do) to be entertaining -- even endearing."The Martian" comes off as full of itself. Everything is so melodramatic. The writers feel they have to throw dialogue at us to make us understand just how amazing something is that is about to happen or already happened. I do think Matt Damon is a fine actor and does a good job with his role. It's just that the writers and director chose the easy route of letting their actor's ability and the Mars special effects sell the movie. They made an okay movie, but not a very entertaining or great movie.If it were me, I wouldn't nominate the director or writers for this one. I've always had a fascination with Mars, so for me it was enough just to see the fantastic landscapes revealed in the movie through some nice special effects. Wish there had been more of that and less gratuitous dialogue.

I'm a big Ridley Scott fan and was terribly disappointed. Heard so much hype. As other reviewers have written, everything is too convenient. Damon's character finds a "solution" for everything, or NASA finds one.Out food? Grow potatoes. Need interstellar communication? Find Pathfinder. Door blown off pod? Tarp it. It should hold up fine, even though the first spacecraft almost tipped over in a major storm. Tarp should be great.Damon is just a series of smug, cutesy lines - amazing how he kept such a light-hearted attitude left to die on Mars. If that wasn't bad enough, add disco music. And so many situations seemed ridiculously unbelievable. That's just the tip of the iceberg. For more insight to this lackluster, high-gloss, no soul movie, read the 1 to 5 star reviews. The Martian is a loser.

Well this is embarrassing.IMDb members have the right to expect that their "top reviewers" will at the very least watch a movie to the very end, to better review it, whether or not they like it....? And this reviewer let you down. After the first 80 minutes I became so annoyed with this film that I packed up and left.So please accept this partial, somewhat hobbled, review: 1. If I had not recently seen GRAVITY, I might have been more impressed. But Gravity showed me how this sort of film SHOULD be written, should be cast, should be directed. So I am not in the mood for a wannabee 2. When your reviewer was still a toddler, Playboy Magazine reviewed an Italian Western starring Henry Fonda and referred to his role as "ludicorusly miscast." I never forgot that phrase. I don't get to use it often, but I never forgot it. Well today is your lucky day. Damon was ludicrously miscast. On paper he must have seemed perfect. In the film however he is too calm, too smug, too muscular, too assured, too cocky and just too ... the wrong actor for the part. In the gratuitous scene with his shirt off -- for the ladies -- he looked nothing like an astronaut-cum-botanist and everything like a guy who keeps waiting for someone to offer him the next Bourne film before he hits retirement age.I suppose the film might have become stunningly better in the last 25 minutes but I have seen a lot of films, reviewed a lot of films, so I play the Vegas odds and say, not ^(*&^(* likely.Sorry if I let you down.I promise to do better next time.

I had trouble with this movie. Someone should remind produces that movies are about 2 hours long. They can't include everything. The Chinese really serve no useful purpose here, as they debate whether to help or not using subtitles.There was an awful lot of talk. By and large, Matt Damon delivered it well: if he had not, the film would have been a total bomb. He is engaging, charming, witty, observant, intelligent and courageous. He does convey (lightly) the problems he has and so by the end, we believe him when he says At some point, everything's gonna go south on you and you're going to say, this is it. This is how I end. Now you can either accept that, or you can get to work. That's all it is. You just begin. You do the math. You solve one problem and you solve the next one, and then the next. And If you solve enough problems, you get to come home.But the dialogue can become tiresome, especially when nothing is really going on. Many people I've talked to found the syllogism on becoming a space pirate very engaging. I did not. At best it was sophistry and at worst garble that took up valuable time. I defer, however, to those that liked it.It is long.It does not have well developed minor characters.It has scenes and speeches that are inappropriate or at best underdeveloped It had Picardian science (Jon Luc Picard -- Star Trek -- The Next Generation) who is wont to say "Make it so." Well just because he commands it to be so, does not make it so -- like explaining the sling shot effect to the director of NASA. The Director of NASA would understand what it was.If you want to see how this movie should be done, rent Apollo 13 and save yourself 25 dollars doing it. See how Ed Harris plays Jeff Daniel's part and how Tom Hanks does the Martian.That is not actually the fault of either Daniels or Damon. It is the fault of the writer and the director.Still I gave it a six. That's because Damon doesn't fail -- ever.

As a real Ridley Scott fan, I hate to say this, but the director has lost his spark and talent in recent years. In other words, do you remember "A Ridley Scott movie". You can't feel this anymore which is sad for fans like me. The Martian is another disappointment, so if you don't know about the fact that this film was shot by Scott before watching the film, you cannot understand until the end credits. As for the problem of the movie, the movie is not "Cast Away on space". I wish it was, but it is not. Why? Because there is no suspense, no mystery and no horror. The film ignores the psychological nature of the character and he doesn't face with any real challenge or trouble. Do you remember? When After Earth was released, it was mostly criticized for not being "too dangerous". The Martian is much worse. You cannot feel the danger, so does character! Because there is no real danger in the film. The main character behaves like John McClane at times, but he is not John McClane though. I mean a witty John McClane perfectly fits Die Hard franchise, but here it doesn't work. Most of the time, our man alone is "happy". And this "happy" mood defines the tone of the film. I would even prefer Red Planet over The Martian, because despite Red Planet was just a passable popcorn flick, it was mysterious, dark, suspenseful and interesting. The story in The Martian is not interesting, because it is not a survival type of a movie! I am a Matt Damon fan, I can watch him peeling potatoes and onion for hours, I am such a fan, but even he was dull here. The Martian is also a talky film, in fact too much talky, but the story needs more visuals than chatting, in other words more silence than words. 3D was just fine except for a few dazzling Mars images. The film reminded me the masterpiece Silent Running and I wish it would have been as great as that movie. The final chapter of the movie becomes lazy, dull and cliché unfortunately and it cannot add something fresh to the story. And do I have to say the film lacks emotion and real entertainment which is weird. Additionally, some supporting characters were supposed to be funny, but actually they are not. I can prefer even Prometheus over The Martian honestly.

Disappointment - this is what i felt while watching "The Martian". I had been waiting for the movie since spring 2015, and i was expected a lot, but as it turned out, i got nothing. There is no atmosphere of solitude, fear for character's life, feeling of happiness when he managed to do something. I consider "The Martian" is the fail of the year, because you are waiting for a lot of things but gets nothing.First the script seems very fascinating. The astronaut appears to be on the deserted planet, because his crew left him by accident and he is fighting for his life with the desolated land of Marc. After reading this, in my mind immediately came presentation of something which could touch the soul, something like Tom Hanks's acting in "Cast away". "The Martian" obviously loses itself not just compared to the well-known movies about the universe, but also to the movies which demonstrate the loneliness of the person, who stayed alone in the inclosed place. The scientists who says some foolish things by TV, the another science guy who is making choice between food or his ideas every time, the crew which shows theirs heroism at a very low level, all this will make me not to watch this "masterpiece" again.And just Matt Damon is trying to pull the movie from the abyss. His jokes are very strict, his emotions are deep, but it isn't enough.Overall, "The Martian" is the another blockbuster, which pays more attention to the special effects, than to the atmosphere. Definitely i will not watch it twice, the first time was more than enough!

Caution because in this movie there is a chap who cultivates turnips, eh no, forgive me, potatoes on Mars on a plain bottom of corny disco music and sometimes while communicating with a pack of stupid and uncultivated morons who leave him on Mars. We would thus imagine in a kind of reality show in a little stranger, seen that the actors seem so half-witted as in a great movie with Leslie Nielsen.It would be the sequel of " Airplane! " Reshaped for the space? Not at all, it is so little funny so much it is totally grotesque from the beginning to the end, there is no slightest gram of suspense, and the scientific pledge seems to have been confided to Kanye West. Well why not but when we know the current cost of a movie and the stunning number of script-doctors and specialists of all kinds, working in Hollywood or somewhere else, the set leaves a taste saddening especially when we know that Ridley Scott is the director...Whell,it just goes to show, my friends, and as said Confucius (or maybe someone else, I do not know nothing any more) we are all born from dust of stars and not so much something else for the greater part. So, to all the misled aliens who read to me, I deeply recommend them to wait for the DVD release. Be seeing you !

After taking in the most entertaining "Gravity" in 2013, I was looking forward to comparing it with "The Martian," which is similar in theme. Both Matt Damon and Sandra Bullock play astronauts, who as a result of a disaster, are forced to save themselves from certain death in the vast expanse of outer space. Gravity, unlike the bloated Martian, has a more than workmanlike plot that occurs in real time—the ticking clock forces us to view Dr. Ryan Stone as she battles one setback after another, placing the viewer on the edge of one's seat throughout the heart- pounding narrative. The Martian, in contrast, chronicles Mark Watney as he devises various stratagems for survival over a much longer period of time. Thus by the very nature of this most different, much slower-moving tale (based on a novel and not on an original screenplay, as is the case with Gravity), The Martian, is only mildly entertaining, more for its "educational platform" than a scenario involving death-defying life-and- death maneuvers. Thus the first third of The Martian manages to be fairly compelling as we follow Watney in his initial stab at survival after the Martian storm separates him from his Ares III comrades and strands him on the virtually barren red planet, with no expectation of rescue for another four years based on NASA's projected schedule. Watney, brilliant botanist scientist that he is, devises a way to create a water supply from human waste and grow potatoes in a makeshift greenhouse. As the first half of Act 2 slugs along, there's more enormously clever stuff in store as Watney extends the battery life of his Rover and journeys for days, eventually locating an early Pathfinder probe buried in the sand. Watney reconfigures the Pathfinder which enables him to communicate with NASA. One of the film's thrilling moments occurs when mission control realizes Watney is still alive and eventually devises a way to communicate with him.Unfortunately, The Martian loses steam in the second half, after the focus shifts from Watney to NASA in their attempt to rescue him. We see this in high relief at the midpoint when a breach in the crew's Hab's airlock ruins Watney's potato crop and NASA is forced to send an unmanned probe full of supplies which blows up upon liftoff. This might sound exciting but it takes so much time for everyone on the ground to make this happen that the launch (reminiscent of the Challenger disasters), proves anti-climactic. There's a brief aside involving an offer from the China National Space Administration to send one of their secret probes to resupply Watney. The inclusion of a Chinese benevolent offer undoubtedly was inserted by the film's scenarists to perhaps promote better Chinese-American relations, but in reality it does little to heighten the suspense surrounding Watney. Ultimately the Chinese probe proves to be a time waster for both viewer and plot: its lack of practicality becomes obvious when it's postulated there's no way to control the speed of the ship when it enters the Martian atmosphere.The Martian almost grinds to a complete halt before the big climax when a coterie of geeks and NASA personnel are intent on explaining how the story ends before it actually does. A geeky astrodynamicist, Purnell, comes up with the idea of a "slingshot trajectory" which will lengthen the Hermes mission by first hooking up with the Chinese resupply ship and then making a beeline back to Mars where they'll somehow "catch" Watney in a module stripped of its top portion, covered only by a tarp. The tension of Watney's quest for survival is replaced by a tale of NASA infighting—the chief honcho nixes the idea of a Hermes reboot, but his assistant emails Purnell's risky maneuver to the crew who of course go against orders and decide to save Watney anyway. The big climax is once again outlined before it happens by the Aeres captain, who illustrates to the crew what's supposed to happen utilizing a set of salt and pepper shakers!Even though we finally get back to Watney, his trip in the reconfigured rover for a rendezvous with his getaway rocket is again somewhat anti-climactic, replete with clichéd orchestral music and wide shots highlighting the aforementioned barren Martian landscape. Finally Watney's rescue is exciting enough, but one cannot help but feel that we should have gotten to it a lot sooner (whatever happened to the old cinematic axiom, show don't tell?). One also can't help but feel that Damon's successful rescue is quite reminiscent of Bullock's maneuvers in Gravity. But Bullock's turn in outer space just seems to be a lot more exciting and well choreographed, than Damon's!The Martian also suffers from a lack of multi-dimensionality in its characters. No one except Damon really stands out. Damon, on the other hand, shines--particularly in his scenes where he details his machinations on the Red Planet in his trusty video diary. Those videos make Damon's Watney come alive and saves the film from the second half chronicle of mediocre doings on earth.The Martian is by no means a terribly bad film, and I understand that director Scott was determined to create some kind of paean to man's ingenuity and self-survival. Nonetheless, the unabashed jingoism in his misplaced salute to NASA and the US space program in general, leaves a bad taste in one's mouth. With all the poverty and suffering going on in the world today, isn't the space program, with its hopeless quest to find extraterrestrial life in the universe, nothing more than a terribly misguided canard? Ridley is one of those guys who still believes in "The Idea of Progress," that emerged from the Enlightenment in the 18th century. Better to have consulted the Biblical admonition found in Ecclesiastes: "There is nothing new under the sun."

Should have been called 'Avatar:The Red Planet Rescue'. It's a blockbuster pop-corn muncher, but could have been a much deeper and more worthy film. I was hoping for a thriller sci-fi but got a saccharin Disney effort.Personally I like movies that try to teach us life lessons, often despite struggles and hardship. That narrative was all sitting there in the plot and never touched, such a waste. The acting was heavily wooden, Damon probably through poor direction or too time sensitive a plot fails to engage as a fellow human, he's Mr Prefect and well balanced, even surviving alone in a hostile environment.I'm no scientist, but the whole of the physics and biology seem far too woolly, convenient and unlikely. Even the movement on Mars seems wrong, there is only about a third of the gravity so things should look like the moon with long jumps or certainly less earth-like. Even the Mars rover looks like it is driving in an Earth desert, not really on Mars. There are so many other examples, too many to list, ranging from not very probable to impossible.-Sigh- another Chinese tie-in. Our Chinese friends in their space administration help, and are portrayed as the good guys. There's nothing really wrong with the premise, but the reason is simply to make more money in Chinese theaters, a tacky corporate gesture and totally unnecessary to the story. This is very ugly cynical marketing, pandering to the lowest level. Why not have an entire Chinese ending then? Mark is rescued by the Chinese and they call the Americans 'shameless' for their abandonment. Mark learns perfect calligraphy, speech-making putonghua that nobody actually uses in real life (as in the movie), how to use chopsticks and cook up a killer sweet and sour pork in the galley on the way home.The saving graces are the beautifully rendered shots of Mars which were worth the price of admission, and just the idea that could catch everyone's imagination get the ball rolling on a real manned international mission to Mars sooner than later.I feel that the story could have been split into two or three feature length parts, explaining psychology, science and the day to day difficulties of isolation on much deeper level. It seems for the company that made this the idea of success is to make as much money as possible, not the best film possible.

This movie is rated highly on IMDb and features Matt Damon in space, so I thought it would be worth a watch. Unfortunately, it wasn't very good. The main problem is that you only rarely feel that the main character is in any real danger. He is pretty upbeat about the whole thing and keeps making trite comments/jokes, such as "I'm gonna have to science the sh*t out of this". And when there finally is some crisis, he fixes it very quickly and the suspense is killed again. The use of disco music also adds to the silly atmosphere in the movie.Maybe I'm not supposed to compare this movie with Gravity and Interstellar, but those two movies are vastly superior in my opinion. They both deliver experiences that makes you hold your breath and feel the danger and harshness of space and foreign planets, whereas The Martian just feels long and boring.The acting and CGI is fine, for the most part.

If you're the type of person who needs all the details to be plausible, this isn't the movie for you. It fails quite remarkably in that respect. The acting is unconvincing from all the main performers and eye-rollingly poor from Matt Damon. The script is maddening at how dumb it often is. Everything is explained to you like you're an idiot, and even to the NASA officials like they're all interns, rather than rocket scientists who know their stuff. There's a shameless amount of movie-computer sound affects. There are several characters in this movie that are pointless, like Kristen Wiig, who is always trying to keep a straight face through her unnecessary lines. It is almost devoid of tension because problems are solved within seconds of being encountered, often to a blaring disco soundtrack. About 40 minutes in I began to lose interest and wanted to check the reviews of this movie to see if I was the only one disappointed. In the end, you feel like you spend more time watching this movie than Matt Damon spends marooned on Mars. Some compare this to Castaway, Gravity and Apollo 13. But it seems more like the baby of Community, Big Bang Theory and Guardians of the Galaxy.

Artificial, Derivative, and unwelcome Things like Forced and Unfunny one liners and...Wait for it.........A lot of Disco Muzak...while constantly Reminding the Audience just how Bad Disco Muzak is.The Film has very Little Style and the Shining, pristine Sets Look OK, but begin to Bore after a while. The Space Shots and the Mars Landscape, Ditto. The Acting is Stiff, and the PC inclusions are Distracting.All of the Action set Pieces, what Few there are, have been Seen in other Sci-Fi Films. The "Coming Together" of Earth's Population with Clichéd "Time Square" shots from Around the World have been Done to Death in the Genre, "War of the World's" (1953) and "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951), to Name a couple.In Fact, almost Everything in the Story has been Done before and the Film just Can't Escape it's Familiar Territory with anything New, Exciting, or Inventive. It really is a Big Disappointment and will only Seem Fresh to Young Folks and People that Don't Watch a lot of Movies.Overall, Average at Best, but Cookie-Cutter to the Extreme, Flat, Uninventive, and some severe Missteps (Disco and Stand Up Routines), Render this just Another Big Budget, quickly Forgotten, A-Picture trying to bring its B-Movie Pedigree to New Heights. Truth be Told, the B-Movies do it Better.

I am at a loss. At a loss, I tell you, to understand how a film about an astronaut stranded on Mars can be so emotionally inert, not to mention unfulfilling. And before you say 'well, you just can't appreciate a slow-moving sci-fi film', I'll have you know that Kubrick's 2001 is one of my favorite films. I went into The Martian already with a slight hesitation, because I felt Ridley Scott's Prometheus was kind of a letdown, but nothing prepared me for this. I'm increasingly starting to entertain the notion that Scott's recent work hide their inherent lack of substance with lots of flash and production design. After all, something that looks so good can't be that bad, right...right? Anyway, let's start at the very beginning.The film opens with that fateful mission that the trailer already told us will fail. Matt Damon ends up stranded on Mars. After briefly contemplating existence, he decides to do what he can to survive and eventually succeeds in making contact with NASA. And so begins the race against time to 'bring him home'.Let's just start with what The Martian does well: setting. For a film that takes place primarily on Mars, it's in its best interest, of course, to look spectacular. And that The Martian does. From the visual effects to the production design, everything looks great to my layman eyes. Ridley Scott's films have always looked impressive and The Martian is no exception.Now that we got that out of the way, let's get to the interesting stuff: story, characters, or something resembling these. Bluntly put, I found this film emotionally inert. While there are some great scenes, I found it very hard to care for Watney's predicament. You'd think you'd be rooting for him and while I felt tense, it was only in a general sense: 'gee, I sure hope the main character makes it.' One of the contributing factors is I think the casting of Matt Damon. While Matt Damon's fine, the casting choice itself doesn't exactly make you consider the possibility he might actually die. Combine that with the generally upbeat script and you've got a film that has all the unbridled drama of a high school play. This film has been called a cross between Apollo 13 and Cast Away and that comparison works only when you remove any and all emotional impact out of the equation. Watney talking about his family, his team leader being depressed about leaving him behind; nothing tugs at my heartstrings.Speaking of the script, I haven't read the original story, but I've read that Watney's knack for humor was already present in the source material...and how could it not be? The film lays such emphasis on his verbal wit that it couldn't possibly have been made up by the writer. So, the film's at least faithful to the source material, but at what cost? We've got a film with an incredibly dramatic setup, but where many scenes involve Watney talking to the camera, while munching on some potatoes. It's fine for the occasional joke and it makes sense given Watney's predicament (jokes reduce stress), but you start including too many jokes and before you know it, all drama and tension have been sucked out of the plot. The comedy itself is horrendous as well, 'sensible chuckle' material at best. What does it say about your film's level of comedy when your most clever joke involves Sean Bean and a Lord of the Rings reference? And what about that last minute romance between what's-her-name (Kate Mara) and her colleague, what's-his-name? Why the need to jam that into your screenplay at the last second? We get one scene where these two inconsequential characters glance at each other and then later she kisses him on the helmet and the movie acts like we're supposed to care about these walking pieces of cardboard. Oh, and we get an epilogue featuring them and their newborn child. The screenwriter must've thought the film needed something to generate some actual emotion. If so, it's a little late for that! So, what do we end up with? What does the script do well? The science, of course. Now, I'm not saying the film is 100% scientifically accurate. All I'm saying is that it usually presents it in a fun way. Watching Watney create water, make contact with NASA and so on is pretty engaging and it involves you in his problem-solving process.One more thing: the actors. Scott has assembled a talented cast. No question. However, as always, problems present themselves. This is one of those cases where too many familiar faces just hurt the film's intended impact. It wants to paint this realistic portrait of how NASA functions, but it does it with too many stars. It reaches for the stars with too many stars, so to speak. You've got Jeff Daniels, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Sean Bean, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Michael Peña, Kate Mara, etc. You think that's enough!? Too many familiar faces = less realism, tension and immersion. Oh, and can we also get Donald Glover to play the nerd with the brilliant plan, but who can't walk five meters without tripping over his own feet? Because, you know, this film wasn't unfunny enough. At the time, I was thinking to myself, 'man, this movie is starting to drag. If only it had Donald Glover literally stumbling from one scene to the next. That could really liven up the proceedings and generate some real tension'...If the novel was intended as a geeky, fun, thrilling read, then I guess The Martian is as faithful an adaptation as we're going to get. The problem is that it tries desperately to make the drama fulfilling as well, but to no avail. Oh well, at least I got some nice visuals and sound design out of it. The sound of screws bobbing against Watney's helmet was pretty cool in a doesn't-add-anything-to-the-story kind of way.

I was very much looking forward to this movie. I read the book a while ago, and was immediately hooked due to the realistic depictions of technology and science. The book made me truly believe that the survival strategy of James was possible. I know it is difficult to jam the content density of a book into a movie. Nevertheless I think too much of the book was left out of the film. Events that occurred were not explained properly in the movie and therefore come off as pure chance (e.g. the airlock explosion). The trips that Watney needed to take to get to the Mars Rover and to the final crater seemed like afternoon trips, whereas in reality they were journeys of weeks in length. Never do we get an explanation of what is needed for any of these trips to happen. We see him cutting a hole in the roof of the transporter to make room for something but it is never explained what goes there and why it is significant. In 70% of the movie Damon is clean shaven and muscular, while at some point he gets out of the shower thin and with a long beard. That beard is subsequently shaven off in one of the next scenes. Somehow the editing did not make me believe that everything in this movie did not take place within a few weeks, but in a time frame of about two years. The final rescue by the crew also seems very rushed and overplayed. Where the book made the disasters that happened along the way believable, the absence of any explanation make the disasters in the movie seem a collection of events to make things exciting. Overall this is a movie that would have been very boring if it would have the realistic pacing of the book. Nevertheless I think the book deserves a more linear translation into the movie and with better editing to make the passage of time more believable. The movie seemed to me to be rushed and shallow. But the landscapes are wonderful.

It's not mind blowing , it's not heartbreaking .. has the same idiotic scenes that was repeated in billion movies before but all in all it's watchable .. The well made visual effects saved this movie but it's incomparable with interstellar .. Interstellar left the solar system .. it gone beyond our minds .. things you didn't hear from your science teacher but the martian wasn't the same .. I mean what the hell , suddenly .. people started to care about one person .. all of them watching in the streets .. Hundreds die every day in a way more heartbreaking but suddenly out of nowhere they started to care .. This movie is the definition of cliché.

What a sorry mess of a movie this was. It was almost a spoof. Cardboard characters, preposterous script, tedious clichéd dialogue, cheesy FX, and comical "emotional" close ups (of some very good actors) made for a wasted night. To be fair my 5 year old liked the beginning 20 minutes and then got bored. I'd say that's the target audience. Even the always hilariously over the top, Jeff Daniels phoned it in. He looked embarrassed. Woeful turd of a movie. This review won't post unless I write 10 lines or more but I think I said pretty much everything I wanted to say in the frst 7 lines.Didn't I? Sorry Jeff.. I hear you are super nice guy and you were great in the Squid and the Whale.

As cinematic entertainment of sci-fi genre rated a six. But this will be an different review of the film, one from a sociological, historical angle. There are a number of reviews that explore the scientific plausibility of the film contrasted with the artistic license that is a necessary part of any futuristic fiction. When the Matt Damian character, Mark Watney, got into real trouble, beyond being stuck in a planet with no water, oxygen or contact with other humans, his combative words were, ""I'm going to have to science the sh-t out of this," There have been articles on how NASA gave copious support to the filmmakers that was described as promoting future appropriation for Mars exploration, which is similar to how the Pentagon supports films such as "Top Gun" to turn aerial warfare into a thrilling adventure. There is no way to know how films that glorify the joy of war affected the public's acceptance of our invasion of Iraq, and still in spite of all evidence the the contrary, instills a certainty that this war was, as expressed by Jeb Bush, "a good deal." The creation of a permanent facility on Mars would cost in the many trillions of dollars, something that must evaluated in terms of other needs that would not have this funding. The film was shot in the Jordanian desert, which right now is not habitable. For a tiny fraction of the cost of our Mars colony, it could be a bountiful land that could be the home of those now living in the virtual prison of the Gaza strip, at one stroke ending the perpetual conflict precipitated by placing Israel in the midst of a different ethnic group.The film was like the series "Friends" except their shared apartment wasn't in Manhattan but a a space ship and Martian habitat. It was fun to watch, but also depressing. Marketing courses teach about "Institutional Advertising" that insidiously sells an idea rather than a specific product. "Cisco" systems paid the production company for one in the form of their logo in the foreground of the 3D image for several seconds that they figure will sway future purchasing agents towards their industrial routers.I don't think any group of space related companies sponsored this film, but the optimism had the effect of fomenting a mass movement, something best done when opposing ideas are silenced. As a postscript, an older Watney lectures astronaut trainees on how when they get into trouble in space, not to get depressed but start to get to work, to "science" out the problem and then they will survive. Not mentioned are the fourteen people of our two Space Shuttles, who certainly were aware that they were in such trouble, but all the "sciencing" in the world could not have prevented their fate. Such is the difference between realty and fantasy.Colonizing Mars will mean diverting resources to address the monumental challenges on planet earth, where the outcome of this outpost is sill in question.

RE: a friend calling The Martian a veritable, American masterpiece. What about the false ease concerning mathematical and scientific computation? That scene when boss man tells JPL they have half the time they thought they would and then goes into a comedic exposition about how he'll say it can't be done but then he will—it was funny but not true to the difficulty of engineering, I thought. You don't see the man hours either. It's stupidly dumbed down for the audience and while that may drain its mass popularity, it's the selling point of the film and book. I was excited for a true engineering movie but what I got was a word bank of engineering jargon spewed at me and then some problem fixed *snap*.Or how there's no sense of isolation? Even before he makes contact, we get shots from his camera over his shoulder, and it's like someone's watching him. Oh, and he's always talking to the video diary, us. No one is with him but the switching between scenes on Earth and Mars make Mars less distant. Moreover, Ridley doesn't explore the mental psychosis of a man "stuck out there. He thinks he's totally alone and that we all gave up on him. What kind of effect does that have on a man's psychology? I wonder what he's thinking right now." Yes, he mentions it but he doesn't expand on it. And what about this unexplored gem, "Everywhere I go, I'm the first. Step outside the rover? First guy ever to be there! Climb a hill? First guy to climb that hill! Kick a rock? That rock hadn't moved in a million years! I'm the first guy to drive long-distance on Mars. The first guy to spend more than thirty-one sols on Mars. The first guy to grow crops on Mars." Did you get any sense of wonder or exploration?!? I did not.Or lack of stakes? To its credit, the night he walks back into the base after patching the door with a tarp is tensing but did you ever actually feel as though the mission was going to fail? Pardon my meanness, but what is Matt Damon's character even living for? No love interest or children and a "thankfulness" towards his parents. I'm not saying his life, or any character without "love", is meaningless but they are lacking in emotion. Had he at the very least rattled off a bucket list, I would have felt more emotionally involved. Matt Damon did an exceptional job of squeezing every ounce of emotion to make us empathize with him because the character just isn't emotionally interesting.And by god, another slight at ABBA and I'll kill someone. They made that stupid joke 10 times, the first time it landed but that was it. It had it's laughs, ie space pirate and colonizer of Mars, but at the same time, it wasn't hilarious. Just go through some quotes from the book (https://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/21825181-the- martian) and look at all the missed opportunities. What I will give The Martian is an appreciation for what astronauts and the like accomplish. I actually liked that China gave NASA their technology, that action did a nice job of highlighting the universal interest in science and not political agendas. Then there are two good scenes I must nod to: when Matt Damon's character decides to shave his beard before being reacquainted with his team, a nod of the human need to be presentable in society, and visually, the belt/ ribbon tangle near the end. Big fan of the set designs as well, especially the base on Mars and Ares 3 but are tragically... unexplored.Overall, a 2/5, simple, feel good movie with a lot of unexplored, interesting ideas.

The Martian was on my most anticipated list of 2015 and I am so happy to report that this is easily one of the best films of 2015. The premise of the film sees astronaut mark watney stranded on Mars after his crew think he is dead, he has to survive and try to find a way off Mars. Meanwhile, NASA and his crew are trying to find a way to save him. Now matt Damon is an underrated actor in my opinion and he was amazing in this film with one of the best performances of the year. You are rooting for mark watney and you really want to see him survive this ordeal. He was a really funny character as well and delivered a great dramatic performance that could see him get an Oscar nomination. The supporting cast is also top quality, chiwetel ejiofor us one of the people on earth trying to save watney and he is great in the role. Michael Peña provided a lot of great humour to the film and was great. Jessica chastain was great, Jeff Daniels was great and Sean bean was especially great. The story is pretty simple but it is so cool seeing Damon trying to survive on Mars and how he uses all his skills to try and make it work. I also loved the relationship he had with his crew even though there barely on screen together. And the NASA stuff on earth was all fascinating to me as you see a group of people try to do good. The script was surprisingly brilliant, there was allot more humour then I expected and it all worked in this film. But also there was a great dramatic quality to this film as there should be. The style is phenomenal, Mars has never looked better and i was blown away by the cinematography of this desolate planet. I also loved the use of suit cams and video logs as a fresh unique way of filming. Overall this film is easily one of my favourites of 2015 and is an absolute must see.

If you are not a fan of MacGyver, this two hour plus movie is going to feel like five hours. Other than some moments taken from Mission to Mars, Apollo 13 and Gravity, Matt Damon plays Robinson Crusoe on Mars. If you believe that millions of devoted fans of NASA would flood Time Square to find out if this movie will have a happy ending, then you can believe anything. If you love the science and math behind space exploration, the Martian is a marvel. If you like your space odyssey to have aliens, laser fights and chase scenes, this movie is not for you. Unlike Sam Rockwell's Moon, Matt Damon is not completely alone. Half the movie is Matt only while the other half is filled with a colorful cast that you often see in comedies. Overall, the movie helps you to smile from time to time but is far from a comedy...or a musical.

I'll just save you time and money do not start this movie and if you do the first 5 min is the next 2 hours all you want to do is find your way out of watching the rest of the movie. it is so lame it made me sick from watching it. If this is how movies are going to be then I will stop going. Thank god I didn't actually go to a theater to see this. It is lame as soon as Matt starts talking and unfortunately it doesn't get any better. In fact I watched this movie all the way through and was hoping it would get better or that it would have a good ending but the ending is so bad I was astonished. I've lost all hope that movies will be good anymore because of this movie. Just watch one of your favorite movies again because this one is just going to be a huge disappointment

I took the time to read some of the criticism for this movie. I was amazed on how much people think they know, about physics, etc, and when they write two lines it's apparent that they would not know their left hand from their right one. But still, they go about it and write whatever comes on their mind. Yes, the movie may be a bit far fetched at some parts, but do you really think that the script writers did not have consultants from NASA or some kind of physicists? Really? I mean, OK some things were far-fetched but I guess they are all plausible or at least probable. Anyway, I am not a physicist, but a computer geek, and as such, I really enjoyed the movie and did not over think about Matt Damon's "poop" or anything else. The movie is filled with nice humour, nice punch lines all over, and an amazing plot. The effects were amazing and overall it was an amazing package throughout, with nice acting, Matt Damon being literally transformed through the movie. I would watch it again given the chance! And please, please, stop whining about everything and just enjoy a sci-fi movie. It's called like that for a reason!

I can't quite whip up the enthusiasm for this movie that many others have. It's fine. Good even. But no more than that. Mars to me looks very, very much like Colorado although it turns out it's Hungary and Jordan in fact. Matt Damon's performance is likable but not endearing and actually I couldn't particularly empathise with anyone in the cast. The major plot 'twist' is predictable.The effects are good but nothing we haven't seen before apart from possibly the opening sandstorm sequence.And then it kind of turns into Gravity. A movie I detested.I didn't detest this but it's a long way down Ridley Scott's list of achievements. In fact I'd rate it below Prometheus, a sadly under-rated movie.Oh, and it's too long.

While exploring Mars an expedition get caught up in a sandstorm and have to beat a hasty retreat leaving behind the body of a dead team member . As it transpires he isn't dead but soon will be as it'll take too long to mount a rescue mission and his supplies will have run out long before then A return to form from acclaimed director Ridley Scott . Oh hold on I'll use quotation marks because that's not really my opinion "A return to form from acclaimed director Ridley Scott" . I'm afraid I found this rather boring . Matt Damon finds himself trapped on Mars struggling to survive . Early in the film Matt takes off his spacesuit and glancing at his inhuman well buffed torso you know every hetrosexual woman on the planet will want to use him as their own personal lick toy if he makes it back to Earth . Remind me and 3.5 billion other mortal men why we want him to survive this ordeal ? I'm afraid I'd forgotten his characters name because my disbelief was never suspended long or hard enough to think I was watching a real life character trying to survive a real life situation but more of an actor appearing in a Hollywood movie . "Luckily I'm a botanist so I can grow things" he states. Wow , how fortunate is that ? Very fortunate I'd say and this type of good fortune reminds you you're watching a contrived story . It does try and bring science fact to the narrative but at the same time when you've got the actor who played Boromir in THE LORD OF THE RINGS explain why the rescue mission is called "Operation Elrond" this tends to underline the fact that you're watching a movie One puzzling thing is that it's picked up several Golden Globe nominations - in the comedy/musical category ? This is ridiculous since the film is in no way a comedy or a musical . Its style is somewhat reminiscent of these films in the 1980s with either a diegetic or non diegetic musical soundtrack blasting away . Anyone consider APOCALYPSE NOW a musical ? I didn't think so . That said I did slightly respect THE MARTIAN more than the rather overrated INTERSTELLAR . It's just that when you compare it the breathtaking achievement of GRAVITY a couple of years ago or the thematically similar THE REVENANT then you'll probably find THE MARTIAN a bit lacklustre in comparison . I also think because of voter politics - Inarritu won best director at the Oscars last year - the Academy Awards might just give Ridley Scott a long overdue Oscar in 2016 , but to be honest he's made better films than this one

The Martian is a movie of science and realism as far as a movie about mars can go. Mat Damon's performance is quite good being alone in the desolate planet and discovering genius ideas for making food and producing water and in general surviving until the cavalry arrives. Although in my opinion the movie didn't have plenty of spirit, it did manage though to make the feel that you are watching a plausible realistic movie and what indeed would or could happen in such a situation. Don't get me wrong as a film It has its unrealistic scenes like the storm on mars (Just read that that's not possible to happen on Mars) but still it is a movie it's not a documentary! I think the screenplay was quite good not so much cheese and the humor of the movie was really bright and intelligent. In conclusion I really enjoyed the film and I think you should check it out!

The Martian is a 2015 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott and stars Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain and Jeff Daniels. Set in 2036, The Martian centres on the story of Mark Watney, an astronaut presumed dead and abandoned on Mars after a violent storm separates him from his crew, forcing him to survive for up to four years on the surface of Mars with limited food rations and contact to Earth. The Martian certainly shines throughout and delivers a fun, intriguing and at times extremely tense sci-fi adventure, with many thought provoking ideas and scenarios presented throughout. It is also visually stunning and features perfect accompanying scores. However, my flaws with the film are mainly with the 'attempted comedy' dialogue. Far too often many characters were cracking jokes in life or death situations, destroying the tension and ruining the experience slightly. On more than one occasion the script came off as silly, childish and cringeworthy. I also felt there wasn't enough varying personality within the characters, with the exception of Sean Bean's performance, again this may hinder on the script as some of them come off as 'failed comedians' rather than top scientific astronomers. The Martian is still however superbly acted and following Damon's journey and the obstacles to he had to overcome was exciting and engaging. Overall, The Martian is a great sci-fi film with gorgeous visuals and special effects, brilliant, well-fitting scores and an engaging interesting plot with unique and revolutionary ideas. 8/10

I had no real interest in seeing this movie, I probably would have watched it once it was released to own but there was no immediate hurry.After the constant barrage of positive reviews and the fact that there was nothing else on, I ended up seeing it at the cinemas.THIS MOVIE IS F*CKING FANTASTIC!I left the cinema completely flabbergasted at the movie itself and how much I loved it.I knew of the impressive cast so I knew it didn't just focus on Mars but what I didn't expect was just how much of the film cut between Mars, Earth and in between and how smooth and effortlessly it was done.The story is brilliant and entertaining throughout but also a lot funnier than I thought it would be. The special fx are awesome and they don't try to overdo it with what Mars could be like.Now let's talk about the cast; this may be one of the best group of actors in a film. Each role, no matter how big or small, is perfectly acted by a range of actors. I was especially excited about my first experience at seeing Kristen Wiig in a serious role and I was not disappointed.Even the soundtrack of this movie is awesome with artists like David Bowie, Donna Summer and ABBA.Immediately after seeing this movie, it has made its way into my Top 5 of 2015 and probably also my Top 10 of all time!See this movie – it's brilliant.CHAPPY THINKS that the potatoes may have been made from sh*t but this movie wasn't!

A film that has a story, great acting, fantastic visuals (and sets) with humor sprinkled throughout is my kind of movie. The Martian starts off with an engaging story. As usual, Matt Damon is impressive. The man has a knack for becoming the character he is playing. This movie really is the package deal. There are twists and surprises (that I greatly appreciated) but I did find the scattered humorous lines really make the film engaging. It was great to walk away from viewing a movie and think it was a fantastic way to spend the past two hours. I plan on reading the book it was based on now too. Personally I found this film to be MUCH more interesting than Gravity.

The poster for Ridley Scott's 1979 sci-fi masterpiece Alien told us that in space, no-one can hear you scream. 36 years later, and it would seem that no-one can hear you colonising a planet in a desperate effort to stay alive either. Scott's latest, which has recently invited controversy due to its ridiculous Golden Globe victory in the 'Musical or Comedy' category, takes a refreshingly optimistic view of one man's struggle when left stranded on Mars with only his wits and a never-ending list of obstacles to overcome to keep him from losing his sanity. After the let-down of Scott's recent return to the sci-fi genre with Prometheus, The Martian has the director firmly back in form.In 2035, the crew of the Ares III, commanded by Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain), are exploring the surface of Mars when a violent dust storm forces them to flee. Botanist Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is struck by debris and when his space suit reports a breach and no sign of life, the remaining crew reluctantly escape presuming Mark to be dead. When he awakes hours later with an antenna protruding from his stomach and his oxygen levels dangerously low, he makes his way back to the living quarters and quickly sets about calculating how long he can survive on what he has. Discovering he only has about a month left, he "sciences the s**t" out of whatever he can salvage and successfully starts growing food.As ludicrous as The Martian's inclusion in the Musical or Comedy category was, the film is still very funny. In one of many efforts to hold on to his sanity, Mark talks to himself while recording a log of his actions, revealing a laid-back and sardonic sense of humour which seems to come naturally to the actor. With little in the way of explosive set-pieces, The Martian opts to be subtly engaging as opposed to outright exciting. Mark's can-do attitude gives a stubborn optimism to the movie's outlook, and with comments such as "f**k you, Mars" following one particularly hard-earned achievement, it's hard not to cheer him along. Also absent are any suggestions of puffy-chested patriotism or evil- doing among the people back on Earth trying to bring Mark home. The only person resembling a 'baddie' who mission director Vincent Karpoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) clashes heads with is NASA director Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels), but even he retains his humanity throughout. If there is a criticism to be had, it's that Mark never feels truly in danger in such an inhospitable landscape. But The Martian takes care to lay out and explain all the science-y stuff going on with clarity and without heavy exposition, and although I wouldn't have a clue if what they were saying was nonsense or mathematically correct, you have to marvel at the detail. A smart and unexpectedly joyous space survival movie, with what is undoubtedly Damon's finest performance to date.

Hollywood is now using F Bombs in P-13 movies? All the kids watching this for the science angle will be punished with bad language. It used to be there were no atheists in Fox Holes. Apparently they all went to NASA. If I was stranded on Mars I'd be making all kinds of deals with G_d. They were afraid to Disney-ize the movie, so they took Castaway and improved it, but with no real oomf. Consequently the movie comes up as cold as the potatoes after the HAB blowout. But what else should we expect from Matt Damon? Isn't his cold detachment what made Bourne so believable?The Chinese angle was funny too, because at one point the media coverage describes the joint effort as the rebirth of the American Space program, which we know was saved by the generosity of the Chinese. I'm not sure if this was intentional or an oversight, but it seems like a loose end.I did like this better than Gravity, which should have negative stars for a rating, but this is no where near Interstellar. Seems like Hollywood is having trouble coming up with good space movies while the visual side of the business is fantastic. Maybe Hollywood should forget the Human Robots like Matt Damon and just use real robots or Androids? Time to start remaking Phillip K Dick stories/movies?

If the latest movies didn't reach the expectations, The Martian comes to solidified Ridley Scott's genius. The film is breathtaking, the tension will surely keep you on the edge of your seat. Ridley Scott is well known for being a master in set design and in The Martian, he did not disappoint. To distinguish the ones which graphical computing are used from those that are real settings is challenging. The scenarios are outstanding and the level of details is impressive, making them quite immersive and leading you to believe that they actually filmed in those places. To ease the burden brought by the solitude of the astronaut, the synergy between the soundtrack and a very clever sense of humor make the scenes much more amusing. Throughout the movie, there is a good distribution among the most tense scenes that are visually fantastic and the others which are responsible for the development of the characters and this is something that leaves no wish unfulfilled as we have the opportunity to really get to know the personalities of each individual. Despite significant changes, The Martian is based on a book by Andy Wier and an aspect that is very similar is the constant use of a more scientific language. This feature does not make the movie hard to understand, quite the opposite, makes it more realistic and believable. Many of these explanations Mark Watney himself does, in order to keep a record of his journey on Mars. By doing so, there's the impression that he speaks directly to the audience and using a more friendly and humorous tone, these explanations don't become too didactic or boring.The entire cast does an extraordinary job. The actors and actresses responsible for both astronauts on the spacecraft as NASA scientists play their roles marvelously. From the work done in the creation and development of these characters, the cast manages to build them in a way which makes it easy to find them more interesting and convincing. But the one who I have to take my hat off is Matt Damon playing Mark Watney. Matt Damon delivers one of his finest roles of his career. With his charisma and talent, he is able to hold the screen and makes Mark Watney a character that gains the audience sympathy very quickly much due the combination of his nerd, lively and comic sides that pulls the character to a spot much more closer from the public. Reading the synopsis of the movie, it is assumed that due to solitude, the film would have a more depressing tone. On the contrary, much due to the optimism and sense of humor of Mark Watney the loneliness is far less depressing. Of course there are moments when the situation gets worse and he almost gets at the edge of losing hope and accept his fatal destiny, but his perseverance makes him keep fighting for.

Every good story has 3 major components: A beginning, a duration and an end, somethings many Hollywood writers are afraid to do anymore. Studios have their fingers in so much of the creative/artistic development of a project, it certainly explains why so many movies are considered critical flops. However, the public speaks, and box offices like making money.This being said, The Martian certainly seems to please most people, even the critical. I don't think I'd be spoiling anything by saying the plot of the movie is about an astronaut left for dead as the crew evacuates from the planet surface of Mars only to find out the crew member didn't die. You have the story from a bureaucratic side, a scientific side, a social media side and engineering side all interwoven around the subject's story; the guy they left behind.I personally don't think many people outside the enthusiast would know the difference between Mars and Wadi Rum in Jordan where the principal filming took place, and seeing even my understanding of the terrain is limited it was quite convincing. You get comfortable with the associations pretty quickly when you add all the environmental supplements that add to location that dispel the earth atmospheric conditions. I think most people have accepted the way Hollywood deals with space and give it a great deal of flexibility, so space travel is somewhat forgiving, but mixing the tech that got the various crafts into the air and the ship its self "Hermes" (Check your Greek mythology – very appropriate name) builds this story into one congruous epic. Obviously, the whole story revolves around Mark Whatney, a botanist who is left for dead and between his skills and ego are able to survive the elements until he is rescued. One of the nicer things about the story is that unlike other Ridley films, is that it isn't one emergency after another. The strong point to the screen play is that it breathes so well when mixed with the various sub-stories that the movie never gets tedious or overly long.Using the word "Mix" is a very appropriate term to describe this epic scifi movie. An experienced recording engineer know when to emphasize a specific instrument when doing the final edit to enhance the focus and listeners experience. Harry Gregson-Williams score is not intrusive but well integrated (Credits include Shrek, Man on Fire and Cowboys and Aliens); Dariusz Wolski cinematography translates Ridleys vision to screen, and all the various departments all seem to come together to culminate in a perfect "Mix" for this compelling story. This movie has a great beginning, an absorbing duration, and satisfying ending.So, I give this a full 10 our of 10 for experience. The audience was totally engrossed in the film, fully responding to the humor and horrors, empathetically sensing the singularity of being stranded but ultimately making the best of a bad situation. As the alien in John Carpenters "Starman" quote on being human: "You are at your best when you are at your worst". -B

Let me start out by saying that I loved the book. It is one of my favorites of all time and I highly recommend it. That being said, this movie was the worst adaptation of a book I have ever seen. (just behind Eragon) The movie itself is very well done, with great acting and special effects. I just hated how much it wasn't like the book. I know you're not supposed to compare books to movies, but man. This was just awful. Mark Watney in the book is a hilarious character and very well thought out. The movie made him seem like a typical guy who occasionally cracks a joke. In the book, I was laughing almost every page because of how funny the guy is. That is one problem with the movie. It wasn't funny enough. The book was basically a comedy. You could market it that way and nobody would bat an eye. You couldn't really do that with the movie. :SPOILERS IN MOVIE AND BOOK: One of the things that I really hated was the ending. I realize they gotta make it dramatic and all that, but man! Way overdone! In the book, it is Beck who saves Watney, not captain Lewis. I just thought, why? Why the heck did Lewis go in the movie? Beck was specially trained in that field. That was his thing. That is what he was trained for. That's like having the captain doing surgery even though she wasn't really trained for it. (kinda extreme, but i think it gets the point across) Also, Watney didn't do that dumb iron man thing. I'm sorry, but that was just stupid. I mentions it in the book, but he didn't do it. So all in all, the movie was crap, but the book was amazing. I recommend you skip the movie, and just buy the book instead. Much better usage of your money.

The botches commence right at the start - like launching a space vehicle in the middle of a pretty fearsome storm... hello! 1. Launches are aborted if a storm is on the distant horizon. 2. Science informs us that Mars cannot have the deadly storm depicted.Gravity - of more appropriately - the lack of it. Mars does have a different gravity than Earth. Doesn't show in the film. Towards the climax a guy at mission control informs that it takes 46mins to communicate between Mars Rescue Mission and Earth. But as the climax unfolds - comms is instant. 5G/6G anyone!?! Matt Damon is, as always, awesome - and that is the only good news. The rest of the characters are merely caricatures or worse - stereotypes. It is hard to empathize with anything as the storytelling is jerky. Every ethnicity is represented making it more like a global Socialist propaganda film. Taking liberties with history is understandable, when making historical films. Why take liberties with Science? don't waste your time with this - unless you are absolutely in love with Matt Damon. Go watch a rerun of "Apollo 13" or "Killing Jesus" or maybe "Austin Powers". Anyways, the producers are laughing all the way to the bank and maybe Time, the greatest human innovation, may heal us of our relieved cash.

The Martian is directed by Ridley Scott and is based on the novel by Andy Weir featuring Matt Damon as our main charter Mark Watney. The movie is about a group of scientist who needed to abort Mars due to a severe storm, during the process Mark Whiney was hit by a debris and considered dead. He has to find a way to survive and contact Nasa and inform them that he is Alive. I have read the book and I loved it. This movie was on my top list this year, and guess what, I hated it. I have to say I was bored out of my mind while watching this film, every second of it I just wanted it to end. In the book Mark Watney was in constant danger, I was rooting for him the whole ride and I was looking forward to do the same in the film. But in this movie, I was so bored I almost forgot about him since the movie is filmed on earth half the time. In the book, the story mainly focus's on Mark Whitney survival, but in this movie, more then half of the movie was filmed on earth, this ruins the feeling of loneliness on Mars, it lost the grip of dangerousness since we are are constantly surrounded on earth with human beings. This gives the feeling that Mark Whitney is going to survive since we see that half the movie people are trying to save him instead of seeing Mark Watney struggle to survive on Mars alone. This really ruins the movie, it took all the tension away. There were some scenes that could have defiantly been made a lot better. Ridley Scott could have done a way better job if he could show what caused the disasters to happen in the movie. In the book when something bad is about to happen, Andy Weir describes it and shows the reader that Mark Whitney is in danger and he has no clue about it, this makes me root for him and want him to survive. It gives me a sense of danger he is in and how helpless he is with out any clue how much trouble he is going to be in. The way Andy Weir writes it also helps foreshadow that something really bad is going to happen and you don't know when. In the movie Ridley Scott didn't explain anything which doesn't help build up the danger Marl Watney is in. The soundtrack also didn't go well in the film, it made me feel like sometimes Mark Watney was having more fun in space then in danger. I have to say Ridley Scott did a really bad job in turning such a great novel in a movie. Although I was bored out of my mind I have to say there were some beautiful shots of Mars and space in the is movie and Matt Damon did a really job in his role. I am going to give this movie a 2/10.

I'm giving this movie only 1, cause I'm sure that the overall rating isn't an exactly right. It should be somewhere in a range from 5.5 to 6.5 tops.
Again, instead of showing the beauty of Mars, space travels, we see China's help, bureaucracy, music from the 70's and lots of work of the higher ranked managers of NASA (WTF guys?).
The movie has nothing to do with reality. It looks like a fairy tail with a happy ending under a ranch of what is named a space something thing...
I am determined that management of any possible Space Agency has nothing in common with progress in any space program. Only a real scientist can (or capable) understand the real needs of a scientific business (like a journey to Mars). And the corporate culture has no place in that at all.

I found watching this film a very underwhelming and slightly bizarre experience. It seems to have almost invented a new genre – but one that feel to me utterly pointless. The Martian is basically a factual/historical drama – about something that never actually happened. The style, pacing and storytelling is exactly like Apollo 13 (and I mean exactly) – and fairly familiar to other based-on- real-events films like the recent Everest. But the obvious fact that none of this stuff actually ever took place just seemed to suck any interest right out of me. Now, clearly, in most films the events never actually took place, but typically fiction usually presents us with interesting dramatic or philosophical questions – none of which are present in The Martian. You could compare it to Contact – which kind of used the same fake-factual/historical drama style, but Contact posed big questions – and took us to places we could never really go and so was interesting. The Martian was so close to life without being more remarkable than life that it just felt dull. I'm sure a lot of people would compare it to Gravity – but they just don't feel much alike to me. Gravity was basically a thriller – and a real cinematic experience But the The Martian feels more like a lavish TV movie which has absolutely nothing of interest to say, show, or make you feel. The film and 3D looks pretty good, but the visuals aren't exactly stunning. Meanwhile, there is almost zero character development in this film. We know literally nothing more about the protagonist, or any of the other characters, at the end of the film than we did at the beginning. As in Apollo 13, most of the dramatic interest is supposed to come from the characters trying to work out solutions to problems of how to keep the protagonist alive and get him home. But since none of this actually happened and the solutions can effectively be dreamt up out of thin air they lack any real interest in watching at all. I haven't read the book, but can imagine that perhaps the problem solving aspect came across better in print, since I imagine the writer tried to come up with practical/plausible solutions to the idea of being trapped on Mars and work the problems through in detail. But on film the solutions all just feels contrived and redundant.

If Ridley Scott is directing, I'm going to see it. He creates worlds you can believe. He recreated ancient Rome in Gladiator, the future LA in Blade Runner and a planet far away in Prometheus. I want to go to the places he takes us. On Mars, we visit the space colony inhabited by astronauts who are forced to abandon the site because of a storm. Believing the astronaut played by Matt Damon to be dead, the crew leaves him behind.He survived the storm, and improbably, he is stranded millions of miles from Earth. Armed only with what was left behind, his knowledge of science and his wit, Mark Watney, along with his fellow scientists and mathematicians on Earth, work problem after problem to make his survival in a hostile environment possible.Funny script, tense drama, great characters, wonderful acting, terrific cinematography.One of the best films of 2015.

Well, I saw The Martian yesterday and in some ways reminded me of Interbo..ocks ( "Interstellar"). So far nothing can surprise me in the world of sci fi overtaking Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey​ (1968) , Blade Runner​ (1982,Ridley Scott, again), Alien (1979, yes Ridley Scott, I know) ,Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991,James Cameron) and Moon (2009, Duncan Jones). Half of the movie filling is a lot of American djaba-da-ba-dooo which I don't mind in The Flintstones family saga but not in a serious epic like the this one and Mr. Ridley Scott had bend over her majesty Hollywood to make a soap opera which everybody wanted. Yes, he did not make this movie for himself as he did with Blade Runner and The Alien but for everyone else.I am forgiving him only because the disco choice of music as a soundtrack. Such a choice can make sense only in a family soap opera to soften the edges of the harsh space but will you have the forever remaining epic with a Kubrick's class? I doubt it.Matt Damon did his job, cut his rare beard, took a metal steel off his tummy to put us on the edge of our seats at the beginning,cried few times over the plants he seeded in martian soil and did not lose his nerves for 982 days! Or it was 1052?! What a hero! What a discipline and what a palavva.The photography was a good advert for NASA and ow yeah, so many facts that you have never heard about the Cosmos that even a documentary like Carl Sagan's Cosmos would sound like a fairy tale. Well, this one is nicely packaged. You can remember it among other "classics" such as Armageddon and Space Cowboys. Well, you got it guys. You have your popcorn and your movie. Enjoy!It's a good sale!

Not on par with Ridley Scott's masterpieces (Alien, Blade Runner), but still his best work in years, The Martian is a neat sci-fi movie which (unsurprisingly) looks amazing and (surprisingly) has a strong script (by Cloverfield's Drew Goddard, adapted from a novel by Andy Weir).Matt Damon plays Mark Watney, astronaut / botanist stranded on Mars after his crew left him for dead during a freaky storm. Cast Away meets Apollo 13, Watney must figure out how to communicate with Earth AND survive until a rescue mission.Cast is great (Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jessica Chastain, Jeff Daniels, Sean Bean...), with Damon carrying the bulk of the movie with a charismatic performance; visuals are fantastic (Mars has never looked better in movies); Goddard's script is brisk, neither portentous nor dumb, the technological stuff at least *sounds* plausible, and a few clichés are bravely avoided (i.e. no teary-eyed love interest rooting for him at home).Overall, The Martian feels at times a little too cute and upbeat to achieve true epic (Alien and Blade Runner, again!). Although humor is used well, it could have done with a little more gravitas too - you never get the sense of harrowing psychological drama Watney's ordeal should have. Still, this is fine entertainment. Let's give Ridley a break - maybe with his first sci-fi masterpieces he just set the bar too high for himself to reach again.7,5/10

I had some reluctance about sitting down to watch "The Martian" because it is a movie starring Matt Damon. But finally got around to watching it almost a year after its release.This movie, despite being a Ridley Scott movie, is as predictable as they come. You know what happens and what is around the corner a mile away. The movie was so predictable that even a blind man could foreseen what would happen next.With that being said, don't get me wrong, because "The Martian" is still an enjoyable enough movie for what it turned out to be. However, it just wasn't a groundbreaking movie in any sense, nor was it a particularly outstanding movie, to be bluntly honest.And a whole movie with almost nothing but Matt Damon was a serious test on my durability. I am not a fan of him at all, but a friend said that this is a really great movie, and that was the selling point for why I actually sat down and watched "The Martian".The movie was fairly well paced, but running at over two hours and just watching Matt Damon struggling to survive on Mars for the majority of two hours was starting to become a drag.While "The Martian" certainly is entertaining enough in itself and for what it was, then it is hardly a cinematic masterpiece, nor a movie that is likely to become a classic movie. In my opinion, there are far better movies that revolve around the Red Planet compared to "The Martian".While Matt Damon had the majority of the screen time, then there was a handful of good casts to assist him as well. And I think that Jeff Daniels and Sean Bean were doing good jobs, just a shame that they didn't have bigger parts and more time on the screen.My final score, once the red dust has has settled, comes down to a six out of ten stars. For me, then "The Martian" is the type of movie that you watch once, then you bag and tag it, most likely never to be watched again.

I haven't read the book nor was the movie made for those who did. Also I know that lots of things were changed, or omitted altogether. So I write this review with no relevance to the original source.The movie consists of 1 part mars scenes and 2 parts people talking and looking at monitors. But that's okay, the movie had only 100ish mil budget, you got to feed the stars right?The movie ends like a fairy tale with cheers, hugs and applause... Have a nice dinner afterwards to complete the evening, call your parents and invite them for Christmas or something, because the elation simply won't last.The movie has a very positive vibe to it, you never feel that the main character is in any real danger, even when he humbly declares that he broke his ribs.The acting is rehashed from other movies and is not convincing, I assume it is how they got their roles in the first place, with Damon and Chastain coming straight from the Interstellar set, with not much else changed aside from scenery and the plot. I think I got used to Damon's fake tears by now, he does it good, so good that you realize he does it exactly the same every time.Cue in the visual explanation cliché of a complex plot device, complex for you of course. Yes similar to the one in the Interstellar.Overall a very smooth, formulaic and sterile space drama with very little memorable scenes, at least not an hour later.No Sean Bean was harmed in this movie, they even let him to play golf in the end. 7/10

A mission to Mars has to be aborted when a massive storm hits the surface. One crew member, believed killed during the storm, is left behind. NASA and crew mates all suffer over how to get him back, but not as much as he suffers himself. The Martian surprises with its emotional range, at times funny, poignant, contemplative and uplifting. It is 'Castaway' in space, but less concerned with existential crisis. It is also not as po-faced. At one point Damon says "We are going to science the sh*t out of this,'" his emphasis on 'science' and 'sh*t.' Yes, less rigorous authenticity in the science department, but despite the less than subtle sub-text - Damon practically winks at screen when he says the line - the Internet is full of finger-waggers who have scoured their A-level Physics textbooks to trump the screenwriter. Don't watch this if you want a science lesson, but do come for some great acting, gentle amusement, and a good cry at times. And if mid-70s pop is your musical bag, you are in for a bonus. The last 20 minutes are fairly over-cooked, and they too eagerly chase China box office, but the good elements more than make up for these minor flaws. Entertaining and moving fare.

Ron Howard famously made audiences fear that the Apollo 13 astronauts would not be able to guide their damaged spacecraft back to earth, a pretty neat trick given the film told the story of a well-publicized event where the fate of Jim Lovell and company was well-known. Ridley Scott maybe on-ups him by translating the science fiction procedural "The Martian" into a film that makes you (in your less mindful moments) wonder how much the film reflects the real events (perhaps these are real but future events?). Also credit Scott for making a "Castaway"-like story of one man isolated and trapped into a compelling narrative. The challenge all the greater than Castaway given the amount of straight up math involved in the book (what's is a hexadecimal anyway and how does one help you communicate?). So no Academy Award nomination for Scott? Well it is up against "Room" where Lenny Abrahamson faced the challenge of recreating 2 people stuck in a room. Anyway, Matt Damon does get a best acting nom basically for being a likable guy who is good at math which required Damon to stretch - at least as far as the math part goes. He's favored to win largely as The Academy's way of saying: "Suck it Leo". The remainder of the cast is not terribly consequential, the writing is decent if a little math-heavy and the story satisfying. In short, get you STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) friends together and enjoy.

Contrary to what you might be thinking, the idea behind "The Martian" is not as original as you might believe. Way back in 1964, the movie "Robinson Crusoe on Mars" did the basic idea first. Of course, in the more than fifty years that have passed since that movie was made, special effects have improved greatly and we now know a lot more about Mars - which results in "The Martian" being pretty convincing in what it portrays (though I'm not sure if astronauts could hear sound in Mars' atmosphere.) The movie takes its time in showing the details of what one would have to face stranded on Mars, and while this does result in a very long movie (140 minutes in length), the movie is never boring or tedious, even with some predictable touches thrown in now and then. The movie is certainly not perfect. Besides those predictable touches, there are some flaws with the writing of the title character. We only get to know him for a few minutes before he finds himself stranded on Mars, so it's hard to see how this new challenge changes this character. Also, he seems to take his predicament much better than you might think. The other flaw with the movie is with the climax. I won't reveal what happens, except it's somewhat hard to swallow everything that occurs. Don't get me wrong, the movie is still enjoyable despite these flaws. It's just not perfect - though when you think about it, very few movies are.

I opted not to see "The Martian" when it first hit theaters some months ago. Sure, I heard at the time that it was good, but how good could it possibly be? It looked like someone just took the cast of "Interstellar" and mixed that movie's plot with "Cast Away".Well, it turns out that's not quite accurate. Instead someone took the cast of Interstellar and threw them into a plot that is a mix of Cast Away and "Apollo 13". Yes, if one is to be quite picky, there's only so much originality here--or at least that's true as far as the overarching narrative of this film is concerned. If you've seen the two latter movies, you basically can figure out the plot of, "The Martian".Still, what I didn't reckon with is that both "Cast Away" and "Apollo 13" are each extraordinary movies--and as such, this movie, which emulates each of the two in its own way, is a likewise extraordinary film.Again, it is unfortunate that basically the exact same cast that appeared in the "2001"-inspired "Interstellar" sci fi flick a year or two back are all featured prominently here in this film (Matthew McConaughey the one notable exception). As such, at times it almost feels like you've seen the movie before--Matt Damon and Jessica Chastain get lost in space, we get it.Still, the reality is that as much as I want to nitpick at this movie, I just can't really throw anything out there that really greatly takes away from the film. It's just simply well made and fun. Yes, the film's climax is a bit overdone (this time channeling "Gravity" more so than "Apollo 13"), but all in all there's just too much to enjoy here to be truly critical. Indeed, having seen all the Oscar nominees for Best Picture now except "The Revenant" (saving the best for last, perhaps), I'd have to say that this may be my favorite film out of the lot. I'm demoting the one star for the reasons listed above, but all in all this movie is fantastic. 9/10 stars!

Over the past few years, space has been a subject a few directors have really tried to take on, hoping for a major hit, which can be really hard. Space is tough to master because it has to be somewhat believable, it has to have great visuals and it needs great acting.Matt Damon does a great job in this movie along with his crew, but that's about it as far as the acting goes, most of the other characters just felt very one dimensional or boring that I didn't really care what they had to say and just wanted to see more of Matt Damon do his thing on Mars.The visuals are great in this movie, just like most space oriented movies these days, I still think Gravity takes the top prize in terms of visuals in space. As for the believable factor, I know not everything can be perfect, but cmon, you could read this movie like a book (if you hadn't read the original already). You know going into it to expect a major turn of events somewhere, but not knowing exactly what it could be. The Martian exploits every which way a problem arises and can be solved, after a while you have a feeling of what's going on and ruins the suspense factor which space movies depend on to hook viewers in.Overall, still a well directed movie, but I feel like out of the space movies it's not the best over the past few years. Gravity was a great movie, Interstellar was intense, even if you count Star Wars that had much better action in it. For me, Matt Damon made this movie good.

As expected with Ridley Scott films, the film itself is visually stunning. The landscape of Mars looks absolutely breathtaking, and the scenes aboard the Hermes and back on Earth are just as sharp in detail and scope. The way he chose to make this film made it almost seem like an exceptionally made biopic. Many times during this film, I legitimately believed that Mark Watney was a real, living person that was actually stranded on Mars for many months alone. It's Cast Away meets Apollo 13, and this marriage is crafted beautifully. Matt Damon is absolutely brilliant in this film. He plays Watney with so much optimism that it actually makes the depressing aspect of the film not as depressing for me. However, when he has to put on his dramatic chops in certain scenes, he truly commits to the drama of the situation, and that right there is true Ridley Scott suspense for you. The supporting cast, everyone involved, all do great work as well. Jeff Daniels, Jessica Chastain, particularly Chiwetel Ejiofor. He is one of the best actors working today, and this movie and 12 Years a Slave shows how far he's come. The most surprisingly element about this movie though was the screenplay. The film is hilarious in some parts, in fact I'd argue that it's funnier than most comedies that have come out this year. What makes to movie unique to me was Watney's optimistic point of view. He believes that he isn't going to die on Mars, and this transforms this rather depressing situation into something comical instead. But when you really think about it, this is a very personal film about some people coming together to save somebody. That's it. And in today's world, it's nice to hear an story about people coming together to save one of their own.

Matt Damon is left for dead during the rushed evacuation of a small-scale Martian expedition. It's like Apollo 13 on steroids, mixed with short dashes of 127 Hours, MacGyver and Survivorman. Much less of a one-man show than I was expecting, which gives the film a little more spirit but also a more conventional structure. I think it would've been a far more interesting, daring picture if we'd seen more personal video journals from space and less debate around a round table at NASA, if just because we've seen the latter film several times already. Damon is excellent, bringing a blend of hopeless desperation and punchy good humor that gives him credence as both a technical expert and a likable, relatable everyday guy. The supporting cast is scattered with some strange choices, though - Kristen Wiig in a dead-serious role and Sean Bean as a kind-hearted supervisor are particularly out of place - which left me enjoying the scenes with Damon alone in the red landscape much more than the rescue effort. Still, the epic moments far outweigh the sub-standard ones, there's a strong sense of humor beneath all the suspense, and the visuals are really pretty incredible. Bonus points for getting so much of the science right, too. I'm conditioned to expect a lot of flaws when I dig deeper into sci-fi like this, but apart from one notable exception (the weather on Mars), the experts looked at this one and said "Yeah, that could actually work." Cool stuff.

Based on the novel of the same name 'The Martain' failed to meet the expectations and plunged in the hype of promotions.The novel deploys a fun and hilarious (which the movie makers forgot to take into account) Mark Watney on the journey to Mars where he is stuck for years and uses his brilliance to remain composed and sane and survive in deep space. It seems as if the movie makers were so focused on filming each and every scene of the novel that they neglected the crucial elements of the fiction. It'S a fiction damn it!Direction was lousy.When it comes to casting I guess the director lost his mind. Actors seemed monotonous and in despair where the novel is based on hope that nothing is impossible. No peeve in the graphics department, they were awesome.All in all, movie is only a one time watch and that too only if you haven't read the novel like me. If you have, you might get disappointed.

Despite some recent missteps Ridley Scott will always be one of my all time favourite directors and The Martian just further solidifies this for me because I believe this stands up there with Gladiator and Blade Runner as his best and was my favourite movie of 2015. Matt Damon is incredible in this movie with out a doubt the best performance in a Ridley Scott movie since Russell Crowe in Gladiator and in my opinion should have took home the Oscar for this movie he's amazing with the comedy and the emotion the little moments where his armour starts to crack no you think he wants to give up but he never does, that's what makes Mark Watney such a great protagonist he's easy to get behind and never bores the audience. While nobody steals the spotlight from Damon, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Jessica Chastain both hold their own in supporting roles they're more than able to keep the audience invested while we're not on Mars. Speaking of the Red Planet it looks incredible, life like even. You truly care about Mark Witney getting home because you realise how hard he is fighting to survive every time he succeeds you hope it last but quickly realise that it won't and that makes for some truly heartbreaking scenes. The special effects are also amazing in this film their not overused their used sparingly only to advance the plot and put you more into the situation. The arc on earth, while definitely not as interesting as Mars, is still great to watch your behind them 100% to succeed and you truly believe that everyone is important in the rescue mission and that nobody is expendable and with a cast this big that is truly impressive. The Martian is a masterpiece it's got amazing performances, direction and production design it's a perfectly balanced movie that never leaves you bored and leaves me hoping that Ridley Scott will keep that up. A+/100%

This film is an immediate classic, everything about it is great.Firstly as a astro-sciences student this film was like a really big science lesson, everything is really accurate and my brother kept turning to me to ask me about the scientific references, it brought out the nerd in me.The story is fantastic and keeps you rooting for Mark, it is like you are their with him (but 'you' is a robotic diary machine), the way Mark overcomes each problem is just genius and makes for a great story.The directing and cinematography is spot on, it really conveys the emotion of the story extremely well and as I said earlier, makes you part of the story.The scene where the first potato plant sprouts is a perfect example of the great directing, it may seem insignificant by Earth standards but by Mars standards it is the best moment possible, and the director really brings the emotions out to deepen your sense of wonder with the scene and the movie.Overall this film is a must for movie-lovers and space-lovers alike. Anyone looking for a great sci-fi with lots of realism is in for a seriously wonderful odyssey!

"The Martian" is a Sci-Fi movie in which we watch a manned mission to Mars trying to explore and study it. After a huge storm Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead and his team leave him behind while they leave to return to Earth. However Mark Watney survives from the storm and finds himself alone on one of the most hostile planets trying to survive by himself with a few supplies.I liked this movie very much because of the plot which was very interesting. It remind me the movie "Interstellar" at some points which I believe that is an also good movie. The interpretation of Matt Damon who played as Astronaut Mark Watney was simply outstanding. At this point I have to say that the direction which made by Ridley Scott was very good and I did not expect anything less from him. In addition to this I found the combination of some humorist scenes with some more harsh scenes very interesting.Lastly I have to say that "The Martian" is an interesting movie to watch with a well written script and equally good plot. In this movie you can watch the true aspect of survival and the obstacles that a person has to go through in order to survive alone with no help from anywhere and anyone. One mistake of his and everything may finish.

Having successfully landed on Mars the crew of the Ares III encounter a terrific storm which separates one of the astronauts named "Mark Watney" (Matt Damon) from the rest. Considering him to be dead and in order to escape the storm the Ares III launches without him. Once he regains consciousness he realizes his plight and decides to try to stay alive as long as he can. But with no communication and limited supplies he knows that the odds are steeped very much against him. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that although it was rather predictable and cheesy it was still quite entertaining. Matt Daman, as usual, performed in an excellent manner and coupled with the beautiful "Martian" scenery along with the tension the director (Ridley Scott) managed to maintain even though the film was well over 2 hours kept the film from becoming either dull or boring. In any case, I enjoyed this movie and I have rated it accordingly. Definitely above average.

Although The Martian is set in an indeterminate future I have questions about labeling it science fiction. One of the film's best strengths is that it is based on what we know about the landscape and atmosphere of Mars right at this point in time. It's a desert planet with water and no life as we know it. Compared to what Matt Damon has to go through, Robinson Crusoe was on that tropical isle for a picnic.They never really say just exactly what year The Martian is set in. The film in that sense avoids a trap like so many others fall into. Just this past year we saw 2015 come and go and it wasn't really anything like the 2015 that Marty McFly experienced. That's just one example.Of course you can also never predict what popular trends will be there. That's purely speculative. So you can't have Matt Damon's character listening to current music. His captain's taste in music was 70s disco and that really became a running joke. It's all he heard for the months he was on Mars. Personally I'd prefer a selection of 30s and 40s music with Bing Crosby at the top of my list. But if that's all I heard for months on end, I'd grow to hate Der Bingle. And that's part of the story, the everlasting boredom trying to keep your mind fresh and busy with tasks for your survival. Like Mr. Roberts from tedium to apathy and always boredom.What happens in The Martian is that Damon is part of an astronaut team and gets left behind when a Martian sand storm erupts and the crew flees on the space ship. Captain Jessica Chastain takes when she thinks Damon was killed. The future also brings us better communication and NASA learns that Matt's still there. To say that there's a public relations problem is putting it mildly. Just leaving him there is actually an option discussed. But that goes against the code of a decent civilization which while we're not at Star Trek level yet, we look to be heading that way.Although The Martian splits time evenly with Damon's plight and the efforts to rescue him, Matt's time alone on the screen with the full range of emotions displayed is what got him his Best Actor nomination. Besides the realistic depiction of Mars, his performance is the other pillar on which this fine film rests. I would give mention to Jessica Chastain and her fine performance as a tough and yet humane leader of her team.Besides Matt Damon, The Martian is also up for Best Picture and for a flock of awards in the technical categories. It should take home deserved statues this year.

I went to see it with no great expectations and wow! It's a long film but the story, the acting, and visually it immerses you from the outset. Suddenly 2hrs have passed and the film ends and you get up to leave, saying "that was a good film". There doesn't seem to be many films, these days, that can do this. But the Martinan did it! I saw the length of the film. I assumed they would have the first half showing how Damon gets to Mars. Then the second half his survival. I didn't think it possible, to keep an audience interested on one guy stranded on a distant planet for any longer. But no! The film quickly gets down to business. Thinking Damon is killed in a Martian storm, the same storm forces his crew mates to abandon Mars early and set off for home. All very sad. Meanwhile, weeks later back on Earth, Nasa begin to notice from satellite images of Mars. Someone is moving things about. They realise Damon is alive. Thereafter it becomes an enthralling story how he survives and eventually is rescued. As Damons character says , 'i'm gonna have to science the (slang word for excreta) out of this'. And he does.The Martian works in all departments. So many films lately, Soooo hyped up, ....... as the latest 'blockbuster' & 'must see', are visually CGI amazing. However, so many of these 'blockbusters' clearly have a script written by a baboon, who assumes the audience are all retarded. The Martian, unusually these days, Is actually the real McCoy, good story, good visually good acting all combine to make a great film. Go see it. The film will immerse you

it doesn't get worst than that, really. I'm insulted. All the worst clichés from 1970s movies about the space, horrible sound track choices, and endless attempts to get you all-so-American-emotional but does it so bad that you just want all the characters to die. Some scenes show you so many spaceships and machinery that you really have no idea at all what's happening, and frankly, you just don't care. Thing is, half way into the movie you already know this is just too bad to be true, but as you keep on watching you realize it can actually get worse. oh yeah, and wait till the guy floats up in mid space, freely sitting on a bowl. Unbelievable.

I must start this review with a confession - I LOVED the book that this movie is based on. So it was with some trepidation that I approached the movie - it couldn't possibly match the thrill and joy I experienced while reading the book, could it?I was right, it couldn't.But it still was a darn good movie.THE MARTIAN tells the story of Mark Watney, an astronaut stranded alone on Mars. Can Watney use his wits and knowledge of science to survive on an inhospitable planet until rescue can be completed? Or will he die trying?Watching Damon, as the charismatic Watney, the answer is not nearly as important as the journey. Damon's self-effacing portrayal of the stranded astronaut gets us instantly rooting for him to succeed and solve problem after problem. We are alone with Watney on Mars, but I never felt "the stunt" of him being alone (unlike, say, Tom Hanks in CAST AWAY), so when we finally cut back to Earth, I was somewhat disappointed.But not too much, for the supporting cast is strong and is populated by fine actor after fine actor. Chiwetel Ejiofor as Mission Control guy! Jessica Chastain as the Commander of the Mars Mission! Look there's Kristen Wiig and Sean Bean and good ol' Jeff Daniels!!! And, hey...isn't that THE WINTER SOLDIER guy (Sebastian Stan) as another Astronaut?And I didn't even mention the always fun Michael Pena, or Kate Mara or lesser known actors such as Benedict Wong, Mackenzie Davis, Donald Glover...It was fun that all these really strong actors took on smaller roles, it gave the film some heft and importance that it, otherwise, might not have had.This because director Ridley Scott, did something unusual for him in a space movie - he gave it hope and positivity. Instead of a dystopian future where it is "each man for himself", Scott's view of the future (and screenwriter Drew Goddard) mirrored the author of the book (Andy Weir)'s view of the future - hopeful and helpful. Everyone on Earth pulls together to bring their man home from Mars.It was a nice change of mood for these kinds of pictures, one that I was ready for.It is a very good time at the cinema and I cannot recommend this picture strongly enough. Though I would recommend the book more. You'll enjoy yourself - and your time with Mark Watney - whether it is on the screen or on the page - or both!8 (out of 10) stars - and you can take that to the Bank (of Marquis)

For a movie that aims to be realistic scientifically, it fails terribly at providing an even remotely believable premise. For example, the idea that the government would spend ~$1 billion to save single scientist from starving is simply ludicrous. The film is completely predictable with essentially no character development. It fails to even touch on the psychology of isolation and each character acts in an unbelievably selfless, upbeat manner. It's only saving grace is its reasonable acting and high budget special effects. This appears to be adequate for the mass of consumers, but anyone seeking anything more than a cookie cutter plot line will go home disappointed.

In a not-so-distant future, when NASA is still around to send a 3rd manned mission to Mars for research, a freak storm rips through the station as the crew desperately try to abort and escape its ruthless fury. Blown away by flying debris, one crew member goes missing and is tentatively presumed dead as the Captain makes the call to take off. However, the grieving crew and shocked humans back home are completely unaware of Mark Watney's chance survival. Thereon, science fiction borders reality in a race against time and depleting resources as Ridley Scott ('Aliens', 'Blade Runner', 'Gladiator', 'Hannibal', 'Black Hawk Down', 'American Gangster', 'Prometheus') comes to form after a couple of recent disappointments such as 'Robin Hood' and 'Exodus'. Along with a career best performance by Matt Damon, 'The Martian' descends into a zone that makes it far more entertaining than Michael Bay's space adventures but not as personal and deeply engrossing as Interstellar. It makes for an engaging, funny and credible adventure as it was set out to be in Andy Weir's best-selling novel, adapted here by Drew Goddard;s ('Lost', 'Netflix's Daredevil') entertaining screenplay. This is the most fun we've had on Mars since the Rover's excursions and the science behind it all, checks right. 18 Sols have passed since Mark Watney (Matt Damon) stapled his wound after the storm and his crew's departure. He has calculated his rations, improvised on the limited resources and come up with an survival plan that involves generation of water and cultivation of potatoes - on Mars. Soon enough, the scientists at NASA notice movements around Mark's station through images and reach out to him through the Pathfinder's camera. As the communication links are established, plans are set in motion to rescue Mark even though its execution will challenge several development and launch teams on Earth and himself physically and mentally to survive up to 4 more years. The scientific ideas are comprehensible, making Mark's improvisations with his resources all the more credible. It isn't just about his existence in an inhospitable environment but about pushing one's capabilities and resources to the utmost levels in order to prolong survival. Rescue being an uncertain number of months away, Mark has to keep recalculating provisions while maintaining the constant, entertaining communication. Those lighter moments in such trying times are what make The Martian such a good film compared to the darkness in Prometheus. Time, in essence, is the only villain in this story. Jessica Chastain plays Captain Lewis, who struggles to get to terms with her decision to abort the mission. She convincingly portrays the compassion for her crew and audacity when she must alter the mission itself. Michael Pena's comic timing is always an asset in a film and as Martinez, he keeps things light and relatable. Kate Mara and the rest of the crew members do an adequate job while some of the stronger performances are by actors back on Earth, including Jeff Daniels as NASA's overly cautious director Sanders, Benedict Wong as the director of JPL who leads a team that is tasked with achieving the impossible, Sean Bean as Mitch who heads the mission with complete dedication to the safety of the crew and of course, Chiwetel Ejiofor's Vincent Kapoor, the engineer whose diligent efforts in tracking Watney led to the agency's serious consideration for launching a rescue mission. His, is perhaps the best performance among the supporting cast. As Watney explains to us, although he is just addressing the camera for recording purposes, the math behind supplies rationing, potato cultivation or simply, the odds of his survival with every changing circumstance, we are completely engaged in his efforts and genuinely want him off the red planet. As an expert botanist whose wit comes in handy in most of the scientific applications on Mars, Matt Damon delivers his most compelling performance that makes science and engineering more entertaining. That is precisely where The Martian succeeds. The film's ability to convey the scientific and human challenges while being stranded on Mars, but with easy understanding and witty humor that keeps the grip on the audience while they witness a miraculous rescue attempt that is planned and executed to a meticulous degree. Against the backdrop of disco music, Watney gently trudges along the Martian landscape in his rover as the engineers at NASA refer to his rescue mission as Elrond. The nerd quotient here is at a sublime level that doesn't overpower the narrative. The cinematography and visual effects simply make Jordan look more credible as the surface of Mars while the sfx in space are refined enough for certain thrilling scenes. Technically, Ridley Scott has abstained for over-burdening the entertaining narrative with unnecessary special effects. He relies heavily upon Drew Goddard's screenplay of Weir's book and on Matt Damon, whom America has repeatedly sent on missions only to lose him. The Martian is a complete exercise on problem solving. You solve one and another one surfaces. You solve that and there's a new one. Up until you solve enough to just stay alive. A rescue is only a fool's hope or a miracle. In Matt Damon's case, we'd rather keep sending him to faraway places just so we can watch him being rescued again. 9.199 on a scale of 1-10.

Awful, awful, awful! A supremely predictable movie with horrible acting from otherwise good actors. A movie made for mindless people who love spending $50 and upwards to see a catastrophe where everyone wins all the time, and in-between laced with little 'scare' moments where they get the audience all worked up that Disneyland is falling apart. Pathetic! If you're a mindless sloth who enjoys movies where everyone wins against all odds ( you know that will be the case with this movie even before it starts) and you don't like to think at all, then this movie is for you. It is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long, long time.....It SUCKED! It says a lot about America and Americans when a movie this bad, rakes in more than 220 million and gets such great and glorifying reviews.

The author Andy Weir must be very upset with how his incredible book was watered down from a survival story to a vacation on Mars. Since he had no creative control, we can only blame Drew Goddard (screenplay) and Ridley Scott (director).The book is filled with science, math, intelligence, problem solving, tension, obstacles, survival and wise-ass remarks. Sadly, they decided to keep in the wise-ass comments and cut the rest.The movie feels like the main character is on a 2 year vacation on Mars, rather than fighting for his life and struggling to survive, like in the book. Day after day, he just waits to be rescued, without having to overcome much. This is my main problem with this film. They removed mostly all of the obstacles that Mark had to overcome to survive, and just glossed over what he did overcome. These obstacles demonstrate the intelligence and resolve of the character, all which is lost in the film. Removing the obstacles also removes the tension, which the book had plenty of.Here are some major obstacles that were in the book and not in the movie: -Mark accidentally destroys the Pathfinder communications while drilling holes in the Rover roof. This prevents him from communicating with NASA for his entire journey to the Aries IV site. He's completely in the dark. On his own, trying to prepare for the LONG trip. Keeping this in would have added suspension that the filmed lacked.-While en route to the Aries IV site, Mark encounters a dust storm that delays his journey. The dust storm prevents the sun from recharging his Rover batteries via the solar panels. Mark has to figure out a way around the storm without dying, and also has time against him. He must avoid the storm and still make it to the Aries site before the MAV launches. This again would have added tension, conflict, and suspense. All missing from the film. In the film he just gets in his rover, and a few days later, arrives 3200km away, exactly where he needs to. It's lazy.-Mark finally overcomes the storm, figures out a solution, and cheats death. Back on track, just as he's nearing the Aries IV site, he goes off a ridge and flips his rovers and almost dies again. He has to problem solve to get to the MAV site on time before the launch. This would have added more tension, more suspense...all which is lost in the film version.-The book has Mark deploying a pop-up tent from the Rover Airlock to sleep in on his journey. The movie skips all of this, and instead show him sleeping under the rover...in the freezing mars atmosphere. It was interesting to me in the book how he crafted a custom tent for his bedroom for the journey.-The book goes into detail on survival on a foreign planet, with numbers to back it up. It explains everything in the HAB, and what it's for. The film merely mentions a few key things, but never explains what they are for. Like how does he have enough oxygen to survive? How is he removing the CO2 from the air so that it doesn't reach toxic levels? This would have been great to show Mark figuring these out on screen in real time. Show how smart he is...that maybe he can get out of this if he puts his mind to it. All skipped. I can't believe they don't mention oxygen supply once. They assume if he's in a suit, he can breath."I'm going to have to science the s*** out of this." ... So much so that you won't even know he used any science at all..What's so great in the book is how Mark is able to MacGyver everything, and overcome all of the obstacles that come in his way in order to survive. When you remove all of those obstacles, it just feels like Mark is waiting on another planet for his friends to pick him up. It loses all tension, all suspense...they took way too many shortcuts.You may argue that time was an issue, and that is why those scenes were cut. Nah...I don't need the final celebration scenes in the movie, the post credit roll that highlights the actors, the final scene where Mark is an instructor. Cut all that out and put in the good stuff. The stuff that life is about...obstacles and overcoming them.Bottom line, it's lazy, and doesn't do the book justice. If you want the real movie experience where you actually care about the characters and what's transpiring, listen to book.

It's great to see characters think and actively searching for a solution to a problem. That was one of the driving forces of Apollo 13 (remember, "fit that, with that, using nothing but that"), and other films dealing with survival often have that as a crux of the narrative. But The Martian isn't something where the filmmakers are trying to do a lot with a little dialog, like All is Lost or Cast Away. There are stretches without talking, but not as many as you'd expect; as the audience we're filled in often about what processes are going on and how things keep evolving (or, sometimes, breaking down miserably) in the search for how to keep astronaut/Botanist Mark Watley a) alive and b) bring him back home. It is a splendid piece of big, mainstream entertainment because it really digs in in ways that invite the audience in, while constantly keeping things entertaining and amusing.The Martian is about a man left behind by his crew (not their fault, they genuinely thought he was a goner), and how he has to find ways to stay alive, to give himself food and, most importantly, send word to NASA that he's alive and well and can they maybe send some supplies and oh does the crew know yet? It's got a lot of science to it - as Damon says in the trailer that most have seen, "I'm going to have to science the s*** out of this" - but, more often than not, it's accessible and easy enough to understand. That is, of course, if you're not too scared by science fiction (or, as the filmmaker and actors have talked about in press interviews, science 'fact', as everything, save for us presently going to the moon with men/women on a ship, is plausible). It's a movie about how to keep humanity in all its dimensions going through the perils of space. And, as we see, space is nothing if not indifferent; it acts, particularly on Mars, as a place where nothing really grows, storms can knock the hell out of things if items or persons aren't fastened tight, and if anything comes loose, watch out for the air and pressure to possibly kill you. On the level of threats, director Ridley Scott and especially screenwriter Drew Goddard (taking, from what I've been told, faithfully from Andy Weir's best-seller), it's high and pretty constant, and there is always that sense even when things are going well that they can break down at any time. While I never thought watching it 'Oh, maybe he won't get back or might die', as the conclusion seems clear since we are meant to like this guy and want to see him live/return, the threats and obstacles are presented expertly, with a lot of excellent pacing giving us breathing room.The 'breathing room' part is what I mean by this being a crowd- pleasing, entertaining flick. Goddard, previously of Cabin in the Woods, is adept at giving actors funny things to say, and The Martian is just good but basic sci-fi without the wit. Some of it may seem obvious - Watley is saddled with one of the other astronauts' musical selection (disco, which he grows to kind of like in a begrudging sort of way) - but a lot of it is due to personality, from him as well as those at mission control (Jeff Daniels, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Sean Bean, a very funny Donald Glover, Jessica Chastain and Kate Mara are part of what is actually a giant supporting cast). These are serious scientists and people trying to do their jobs in (mostly) responsible ways, but how they talk is closer to how one might see people talk in, say, the real world; this isn't the tone-deaf wit of Prometheus, and it's funnier than what Gravity previously tried to do. I was surprised how much I was laughing during The Martian.But it's deep down a drama, and led by Matt Damon in a performance that makes this director-writer-actor triangle complete for the audience. He has to hold down major chunks of the film, albeit there is a lot with NASA and the other ship with Chastain and so on, and without making this man believable in his serious scientific intellect, his ways of making things light (or cursing, which is interesting that they get away with a PG-13 here by the way through bleeps), and real pathos, the movie won't work, or nearly as well. He delivers up to what the script asks, and it, plus Scott's visual scope and control of the pacing, make this an exceptional Hollywood movie. We get to see how process works in a crisis, and that's always character-building and interesting (when written well) in a movie; that it's at this level of A-list makes The Martian a special film, and one of Scott's best.

"The Martian" was a phenomenal film, score, acting and source material. Movies are magic, they are and can be transcendent, a showcase of human potential and chapter mark for a brand new idea. How about showing someone fighting mans oldest foe (nature), with his greatest weapons (hope and knowledge)? This movie is a textbook example of borrowing source material and breathing full blown life into it. There are dozens of critical analysis of either, but this film can reach out to people and show people, literally, where we could go next.Its a lesson for grade school, high school and college - instead of giving young people impossible, nonsensical lessons in the use of mathematics, advanced mathematics, botany, rugged outdoor survival, - solve for X and get Whateley home!

This is yet another classic example of a Hollywood movie. If you look at most movies made by Hollywood, you can pinpoint all of their similarities. Virtually every Hollywood ingredient has been placed in this movie as well. They didn't fail at it. They actually never fail.To go into details about why this movie is so oversaturated with Hollywood elements is moot. If you haven't figured out the Hollywood programming by now, then I am sorry for you.So, to sum it up, all I can continue to say is: Hollywood, Hollywootized, Hollywood story lines, Hollywood factors, Hollywood elements, Hollywood actors, Hollywood punchlines, Hollywood emotions, Hollywood ending, Hollywood beginning, Hollywood effects, Hollywood shock factors (which there were none), Hollywood type of Drama, Hollywood humor, Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood.Did I mention that this was a Hollywood movie?

I have been following many reviewers whether on youtube or IMDb for this movie and most of the feedback is positive which is making me really confused. Is the movie fun, well...yea, its a mediocre 2 hours killer if you have nothing else to watch, but is it Riddly's Scott come back? Wow, NO! It is not. If anything its a very lazy movie.Let me tell you where I think this movie went all wrong:1. Poor character introduction: The movie started out great, into the heart of the action, no time to waste, and I loved that. You are dropped in on Mars watching these astronauts in the middle of the storm, something hits Matt Damon (yes I will call him Matt Damon) and boom, he is left behind. Afterwards we get to see him waking up, fixing himself, and everything looks intense and serious and I was engaged. Only until, he speaks to the camera, and not only that, he is basically telling us the right amount of what we need to know about him throughout the movie. He says something like "fortunately, it happens to be that I am the best botanist in the world..bla bla" more or less. Seriously! Is this how we introduce characters in movies these days?It felt like "Hi, I am Matt Damon, I am playing the role of a botanist/astronaut in this movie and the situation looks shitty, but hey, I will survive 'wink 'wink"Seriously this what I would expect in an interview about the movie, not how you introduce characters, or in this case, Matt Damon.Whatever happened to lets say: flash backs, anything about his background in a none cheesy, speak-to-the- camera kind of way? I know it would be difficult to incorporate it in a movie about a guy stranded alone on another planet, but this is not an excuse, there are plenty of creative or at least a little bit subtle ways, to introduce characters, but no, lets be lazy.2. The stakes are soo low in this movie (predictability)He literally said in the beginning of the movie that he is going to survive, and with the ongoing tone of the movie, we know he will. So let's all silently weep about the money we paid for that ticket and just get over with this popcorn....uhhhWhy do we even care about him saving his life? I don't give a damn! Who the hell is he? Why is he important? Why should I route for him to go back home? Why is he even struggling to survive? I am sorry, the fact he is only human and wants to survive is not enough to make a movie about! Look at any other movie, say Interstellar, being the most recent, Cooper wants to go back back home for his daughter, we know the emotional bond between them, and I bought that. But why is Matt Damon so desperate to go home? Seriously it's not in the movie.Even the editing is so predictable it is spoiling the movie. Look at that scene where the NASA director says: "this is assuming nothing goes wrong" (when they were estimating how long can he live) and then the movie cuts to Mars right after he says that, they have already blew the moment away! Now I know something will go wrong, it can't be any more obvious!3. A Sci Fi movie about space exploration does not explore anything:Does the movie explore the effect of living stranded on a planet have on the human psyche/psychology? Nope, Matt Damon is so happy he is on Mars, seriously, watch the movie, or wait, don't.Does the movie explore the effect of the journey on Matt Damon after he returns? Nope, he says some punch lines and some cheesy stuff and that's it.Does the movie explore our fellow humans reactions to the situation back on earth? Nope, aside from random shots or news paper headline, nothing...While I do have more to write about, but I won't be able to make any accurate examples from the movie because it is so forgettable and predictable. Is it worth watching? Well, if you have nothing else to do, it won't hurt you but please leave any expectations from Riddly Scott behind you.

In times when Americans sit in bunkers directing drones to kill  Children it's a bit much to see a film about American heroism.  Ridley Scott seems to specialize in this sort of mumbo. We still  remember with horror Black Hawk Down when we are met with this sticky  piece of mars-hmallow film. There was more gumshoe in his brother who  after all brought us Enemy of the State.  I Think Americans did well in instead turn their vision towards the  homeless around them that are piling up around them and maybe do a film  about true heroism.  This is not it and I'm not surprised that you have to go as far as Mars  to find a decent American in these times of abomination.

An famous (or infamous for it's amazing distillation of emotion) exclamation crept into my mind while taking in Ridley Scott's "The Martian": "oh, the humanity". Humanity, this is what makes this movie rise above the Sci-Fi norm.. One thing is certain and that is man's humanity is his biggest asset and most vulnerable Achilles heel. Mix in ample helpings of hubris which often sets in motion a chain of events forcing a fierce reckoning - "The Martian" is not a bad reflection of mankind's quest for meaning and progress in the untamed world around us.For the casual viewer this movie fits within a person's reasonable perspective of something that could be real in the not too distant future. The "real" science, isn't too much of the story told here - it fades into a non-issue for the most part. So, we get a real compelling struggle with maybe not the absolute reality of movie such as Everest, but certainly enthralling.The story moves linearly with just a few flashbacks that aid one to invest in the characters, especially Matt Damon. His character is one you immediately feel an attachment for, plus his character supported by a stellar bit of well written characters.. This is a better than just good story with a nicely realized cast of characters. A wonderful humanistic long-shot survival story its brought to life engaging the viewer rapturously. Speaking of Matt Damon, he really is perfect here. It would be hard to imagine anyone, even a young Tom Hanks, being the combination of likable and all-importantly: believable. The viewer immediately is cast in with astronaut Mark Watney's dilemma. Entertaining, but with profound dialogue such as "everywhere I go I am the first person who has ever been here" really bring home the journey of man we are still striving for. In fact, even more than the amazing visuals of a striking Mars a second viewing is likely needed to absorb all the quirks of mankind hidden in plain sight in the dialogue itself. Truly both topical and deep thoughts just as we all experience in this thing called lifeexpertly done as entertainment.The Martian is not unlike a re-imagining of the Apollo 13 story. It has that unique intersection of the unthinkable, humanity's will to survive, science, and something spiritually up-lifting. It works as entertainment as well as something deeper we all have in our soul. Bravo! Highly recommended.

I came into viewing this film with modest expectations. I hadn't even seen a video trailer for 'The Martian' and in many ways I'm glad I hadn't. Often times it's best to be surprised by what happens as a movie progresses, and this film provides a few surprises, but isn't immune to predictability either.It doesn't take long for the plot to thicken and you'll be on the edge of your seat for most of the movie. Humor is injected intermittently and it keeps 'The Martian' from becoming too intense to enjoy. I found the pace to be balanced and just right for viewing, considering it runs just over 2 1/4 hours.The scenery is simply awesome. 'The Martian' holds it's own when compared to recent and similar Sci-Fi films such as, 'Gravity' and 'Interstellar'. The views are breathtaking and the ones responsible for the visuals in the film should be applauded.I was pleased with the cast overall. Jessica Chastain puts in a great performance. Matt Damon was at his best throughout the film. In my opinion, it may be his best performance since 'Good Will Hunting'.In conclusion, I say this. Don't even read the description or watch any trailers. You just may spoil one of the year's finest films.

I read the book the week before the movie. I loved the book and the movie. Not going to spoil the movie for you,, but it pretty much follows the book except for 2 parts. However the movie has a brilliant and better ending than the book. what more can I say, I could watch this movie again. and again. it was just so well done. Please make kids watch it, make them think about science. I'm glad they toned down the language in the movie. there is so much detail in the book and movie you really have to see the movie again. Its edge of the seat stuff. I loved every minute. I wish Hollywood made more movies like this. It really wants to make you run up a mountain and breath in earths air.

Ridley Scott is famous for bringing "Alien" and "Bladerunner" to the big screen. Both have huge followings and both are amazing for their time when they were made. Now with "The Martian" he brings a great sci-fi film to us but one with an entirely different mood--so much so that it's hard to believe it's from this famed filmmaker! Why? Because the mood is so much more positive and upbeat--and it's a film that leaves you happy...something you could never say about the other movies!As far as what I liked about the film and what I disliked, I'll make it easy--especially since there are already so many reviews for the movie. What I liked was everything and I hated nothing. There is nothing I would have done differently...and that's something I almost never can say. This is a very intelligent, crowd-pleasing quality picture from start to finish and you should see it on the big screen if you can. Yes, it's THAT good!

I watch a lot of movies. And when I say "a lot" I mean it. This movie just went through the ceiling of my "great movies list". This is what a drama-comedy movie should be like, a bit of both emotions. I read the book and was amazed by how well written and specific it was, especially if you consider the fact that this was the first novel of Andy Weir (the author of the book), the movie doesn't explain every single thing but still makes sure the viewer can understand what is going on. Also, Matt Damon's performance in this is incredible, he was born to play Mark Watney. And not just him, Chiwetel Ejiofor as Vincent Kapoor and the whole cast was great. Basically, what I'm saying is go see this movie, you won't regret it.

Completely devoid of and character development and full of the most stupid con,septs... Yeah right ... We can catch people flying round in space ... I mean it was so obvious from the beginning what the fastest way to save him would be ... Are these writers retarded ... We know NASA is an arrogant pointless institution that needs more than a boot up its useless bum, but jeezz ... This is awful cringe worthy crap ... It sums itself up really by using Abbas Waterloo, full blast, over one of the films most important scenes ... Is Ridley Scott senile ? ... Or so bloody removed from reality, in some ivory tower that he won't realise that anyone with a brain will be laughing at him, turning out this hopeless, bad space opera drivel!!!

Once upon a time, screenwriters exposed the "inner life" of the main characters through a thoughtful series of expository scenes in a film preceding the main storyline. In doing so, a viewer would come to an understanding of the character and developed an interest in their well-being and imminent growth.Flaws and character exposed, the screenplay would feature at its core a protagonist who struggled with obstacles to achieve a goal, and in doing so would experience quantifiable growth by the end of the screen story. This is known as a "character arc," and gives a viewer a resolution in the sense that the protagonist changed for the better by the end of the film, and may very well have achieved a goal (or may not have.) This film has neither of the above and instead jumps head first into a narrative that while it is compelling, left me with little real interest in the end result of the protagonist. The story is compelling, but I found myself with a feeling genuine dissatisfaction by the end due to distinct lack of partnership with the protagonist and his struggle. If you like films based on a compelling point of departure that offer little more than production value, A-list acting talent, and special effects, then this is for you.

Going into this film I was very excited. There was a ton of hype surrounding this film and it had received great reviews. When I finally saw it I came to the conclusion that this film was decent at best. The humor did not work in my opinion and the audience in my theater seems to agree with me as there was dead silence throughout the films attempt at humor. The acting throughout seemed very wooden and I never really got the sense that Mark was in any sort of danger. He showed very little emotion throughout the film when I feel like any normal person would have had a great deal of despair. I was expecting the film to move at a much faster pace and quite frankly when it was finished I was very relieved. Overall the film was very formulaic and had nothing in it that makes it unique. I would not recommend this film even as a popcorn flick because of the extremely slow pace of the film.

To start off, I will say that I think this movie is quite decent and watchable, it may even be considered good if one's feeling generous, but it's far from being considered even close to great. To know why I think so, continue reading. The things to like about this movie are present on the surface, good acting, good cinematography, decent direction, Matt Damon plays a likable eternal optimist who actually makes a lot of effort to survive and I really was liking the film till the first half, some minor discrepancies here and there but nothing major, then the quality took a significant drop. At one point well into the second half a plan to rescue Mark Watney (Matt Damon) falls apart and the chips are down, NASA is cornered, and suddenly the Chinese step in to help out Watney....this is bad writing 101. What if the Chinese had failed, who else did you have? Russia? India? At that point it was clear that Mark Watney was not going to die because the writer doesn't want him to die; the writer will go to absurd lengths to keep him alive, and warp common sense if need be. Any film that introduces these "convenient act of god solutions" loses the faith of the audience; up til that point I was so emotionally invested in the film and suddenly it felt as if the film had betrayed my trust, and when that happened I stopped caring about Watney because what's the point? The film will pull out another ace out of their sleeve the next time the stakes are high. This is the biggest flaw of The Martian, no matter how accurate and scientific it was it was illogical (yes both are exclusive concepts to one another), and whenever the "shit was about to hit the ceiling" I knew everything was going to work out and that made this movie painfully predictable. Don't get me wrong I thought it was a decent film, there are a handful of tidbits I enjoyed, I liked that Ridley Scott imitated the surgery scene from his Prometheus but it's not even half as grueling as Prometheus' C-section self surgery, kind of a self appreciation sequence there but I enjoyed it. Also I liked Matt Damon's role he was earnest but don't expect anything at the level of Sandra Bullock in Gravity or Tom Hanks in Castaway (similar situation though not in space). The supporting cast is excellent as well, Chiwetel Ejiofor is the second lead and is fantastic in this film as Vincent Kapoor, a role originally meant for India's Irrfan Khan who had to pass on this because he was committed to multiple other films, that's a shame because he could have really left a mark here. Jessica Chastain is very good in her small role but her screen time is too brief, an actor of her caliber deserves better. Michael Pena played the usual big hearted lovable Mexican like he has done maybe 500 times before? One of the most talented Latino actor in Hollywood and he get's stuck with the same old shtick in every movie. Rest are OK and get the job done. I was also quite irritated by Community' s Donald Glover who is supposed to be a bright physicist but can't join two sentences together and acts like a complete buffoon which was almost physically painful to watch. I also wished the movie gave some screen time to Watney's parents, it was expressly said in the film they were close and it's odd to see the whole world cheering and rooting for Watney and his parents don't show up and their side of the story is not explored. The film also drew a chuckle from me when Sean Bean's character at NASA explains why a certain project was named Elrond (I am huge LOTR nerd). The good news is at least it's better than Exodus which was borderline unwatchable, and a very small improvement over Prometheus. The Martian is a classic example of a movie which has accurate science and still is illogical while some other films may have inaccurate science but are better movies than The Martian because they are logical and play within the rules set in their universe. In conclusion, I would recommend watching Gravity instead, a better film with better editing,acting, direction and tighter run time (91 minutes) compared to The Martian (141 minutes).

I began to feel somewhat uneasy about the storyline when during the opening sequence of the film, the huge NASA lander was suddenly struck by a violent hurricane force winds on the surface of Mars. The huge multi-story lander ship becomes at-risk for toppling over in the strong winds, and for the next few minutes the camera frantically cuts back and forth between a computer screen indicating the ship's angle of tilt in the wind, and several crewman who are excitedly urging the captain to launch in the middle of the violent wind storm. Presumably the sequence in which the lander nearly topples over in the wind storm was supposed to build suspense, but rather than building suspense it simply came across as a tired sci-fi cliché, reminiscent of the scene in the movie 2012, in which all of the main characters watched a digital clock count down the number of seconds until the monster wave arrived. Come on Hollywood, the audience is smarter than that! For the most part Matt Damon does a passable job of pretending to be an astronaut stranded on Mars, but his character lacks any of the emotional depth displayed by Tom Hank's character in the movie Cast Away. Although Damon's character eventually looks like he could use a shave and a haircut, he always appears as though he just stepped out of the gym, and his eyes are always twinkling for the camera. (I suspect that middle-aged mothers taking their young sons to see this movie will enjoy Damon's character.) Additionally, I really wanted to believe that Jeff Daniels was capable of playing the complex role of a NASA bureaucrat, but Daniels' character seems more like a shallow blow dried character from some anti-Wall Street movie, rather than someone with a scientific background.The rest of the NASA ground crew is made up of the usual predictable quirky nerd characters, and absolutely none of the Earth bound characters seem real, or deliver performances that are memorable or worthwhile. Another annoyance with this film is the fact that Damon's character constantly proclaims that he will use "Science" in order to stay alive, but the film itself is absolutely choked full of all sorts of glaring scientific flaws, beginning with the hurricane force storm at the beginning of the movie. The bottom line is that "The Martian" isn't a tense science fiction thriller, with at least some pretense of accuracy (Contact, Deep Impact, or Gravity) but on the other hand the film also lacks any real action or suspense such as "Mission to Mars", or "Red Planet". It is a very confused film. The only saving grace this film has is the stunning vista shots of Mars, which appear to look absolutely authentic. Go ahead and see it, but a few days later you won't even think about it afterwards.

Didn't have much hope for this movie however it turned out to be one of my favorite movie for this year. This movie kept me to the edge of my seat the entire movie wondering what was going to happen next.each scene rolls on from the next smoothly, there is a lot of emotion that get you to really care about the characters and their situations all mixed in with some comedy which suites matt damon well.the movie jumps strait into the plot so there isn't any waiting for the plot to start and keeps you interested the entire movie.Overall this was a fantastic movie and i would defiantly watch it again.

Mark Watney: "F**k you Mars".The story is about astronaut Mark Watney is separated from his party following a fierce storm and left behind after being presumed dead. But he has survived and with few supplies, he will have to rely on his own ingenuity to survive and figure out a way to Earth that he is still alive.You can slap Ridley Scott's name on anything and everyone (including me) will go see it. It's so awesome that you still can go to the cinema today and see a new film directed by the guy who brought us Alien, now that's freaking awesome. But Ridley can be a hit or miss with the movies that he's releasing recently such as: Robin Hood, The Counselor and Exodus: Gods and Kings, but Prometheus (In my opinion) was pretty good and I know a lot of people may not like that movie and that's okay if you didn't like it, but I did. When I first heard about The Martian being directed by Ridley Scott, I was exciting but nervous at the same time, because as I said before about Ridley being a mix bag recently. But I kept a positive and open mind, I mean this might be the film that Ridley Scott finally went back to he's roots from the good old days. After seeing The Martian on my first viewing I liked it, but I wasn't amazed by it. It's not until the movie actually started to grow on me as I thought about it more and more, and now after thinking about it for awhile now, I can safely say that The Martian is a great movie. Ridley Scott's back everyone.Matt Damon plays Mark Watney brilliantly in this movie and this might actually be the best performance I've seen from Damon. He's hilarious, always positive and never gives up even when a lot of things don't go quite as planned, he always finds away. I also love how Damon's character can crack a joke there and then even when he's in this horrible situation; and to me it made he's character more relatable and likable. This is Matt Damon finest work as he was terrific in this movie.Ridley Scott's directing in this movie was absolutely magnificent and this has to be one of he's best films in years. The movie isn't all hilarious as there were some real suspenseful scenes in this movie, but what I thought was so brilliantly well done is that Ridley Scott mixed the humor and the suspense perfectly together. Nicely done Ridley. The rest of cast: Jessica Chastain, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Jeff Daniels and Chiwetel Ekiofor were all freaking great in this movie. Everyone in this movie was great.The writing has to be the biggest strength in this whole movie, because it was clever, funny, never lost me attention and it had a fantastic sense of humor to itself. It matched the tone of the movie perfectly as I felt that The Martian needed this type of tone. Now for the problems: My only flaw in this movie is this 25 minute sequence where it cuts back to earth with the NASA crew talking about different ways of bringing Mark back, but the stuff on Mars was more interesting. I'm not saying it was bad as the earth stuff scene was handled well and it was very well acted, but I was more interested on the stuff that was happening on Mars with Damon's character. Overall The Martian is absolutely worth checking out. This is Ridley Scott's and Matt Damon's best work in years. It's beautifully shot, well acted and a entertaining movie.

Terrible waste of time.How silly that everyone trying to rescue Matt Damon is so cheery.I can see how someone who never saw an American movie might find this fun.Okay, so Damon lost some weight. But every time we see him, he is munching on something.Anyone read about the siege of Leningrad, how long people had nothing to eat and yet survived?This was a colossal waste of time.You also had the typical women, Hispanic, blacks, etc.There was only one person who gave a good acting performance, a minor character at that.

I am not a fan of either Sci-Fi movies or Matt Damon, but I have to say, this movie was great! It was so well made and had a very interesting storyline. The film touched upon many typical themes like survival, man's fight against hopelessness and the classical "how far are we willing to go to save just one person". Next to that the film had a lot of humor as well, which was very wise , since the plot at times was kinda slow.... This made sure you were never bored.Matt Damon was perfect for the role.I also wanna add that it was great for me as a Norwegian to see one of my countrymen star in a Hollywood movie. Aksel Hennie, one of the crew members in the movie, is Norwegian. Go see this movie! Even if you don't like space and Sci-Fi.. Trust me, you are gonna like it anyway.

Why can't we send Matt Damon to Mars and leave him for real? The first movie I saw like this was "The Old Man and the Sea", a true classic where our hero (Spencer Tracy) battled the elements and fought for his sense of purpose as a human being. I do agree that the Mars landscape was spectacular. But that's about where the good ends and the bad begins. I never felt any empathy for Watney (Damon). The film never conveys a sense "emergency" on Watney's part because of his constant wise-cracking. When he began his survival plan it seemed like a segment from a "How it's Made" episode with the same dopey music. The likelihood of him having just enough of this and that to keep him alive for that long seemed incredible and too far-fetched for me. The part that really made my eyes roll up was when he dug up some kind of radioactive contraption, threw it in the back of his "rover" and used it as a heater. Really? I wonder what else is playing down the hall of the multiplex.

You, lucky guy. One day you got stamped Blade Runner on your forehead and we get distracted by this when there is a new flick with your name showing up on screens. Well, no longer for me. I praise you for the 1982 film, but that will be all. Maybe back then you had a good team, a more flexible budget, or more freedom from the producers. Not going to call you a one wonder hit, only by respect for the quality of the movie that is still linked today to your name.But ever since, things (movies) were all of the same unnoticeable artistic achievement. Yes there have been some Oscars along the way. But Oscar means more blockbuster vibe than artistic accomplishment.Nothing new with the Martian either. Except maybe the plot is something more of a theater play. Dry in action, emotions, suspense, novelty. It feels like Mars. Dry and lifeless. As lifeless as this long term traveling space ships interior design.There are however moments when something seems to be happening. There are some potential powerful emotional moments but they get scrapped. For example, when he gets off Mars and is about to return to the ship that will get him back home, what a potentially powerful and magical moment to catch his emotions as he sees humans for the first time after such a long period. Instead, the film chooses to replace such scene some useless last-moment out of the frame action event. Why? Why replacing such a moment that has built up from the beginning of the movie with some cheap action? It's like throwing in the garbage bin a $500,000 Pre-Columbian statue that you carelessly bough off a garage sale because it didn't match your dining room walls color.

Ever since I watched the trailer I knew it was going to be a good, fun movie to watch. Did not know it was going to be one of the best movies 2015 would have to offer. High Oscar chances.Great directing, equally good and interesting screenplay are followed by first class acting. Writers managed to put just enough of that comedy element in a non-comedy movie to make it perfect. Does not get boring for a second, always keeps it interesting.If you like "Interstellar" by Christopher Nolan make sure to go see this movie. "The Martian" is similar to "Interstellar", but without all that scientific stuff that gets you confused and prolongs the movie.Highly recommended!

Ridley Scott's latest arrived with a significant measure of critical praise, but ultimately left me feeling a little disappointed. It's neither funny enough to be a comedy, nor tense enough to be an edge-of-the-seat thriller. Opening up with a scene of scientists operating on planet Mars, a storm hits the site and as the astronauts make their escape, Matt Damon's botanist, Mark Watney is left behind when hit by flying debris. The initial scenes of Watney attending to his wounds, realising he has to survive for potentially years before being rescued, and then setting about his tech- survivalist existence is pretty entertaining. However, as Earth and, later, his former crew on board space station Hermes learn that he has survived, the film starts to unravel. A stellar but unwieldy cast begin planning his rescue, via a series of clichéd press conferences, bizarre skype calls with Bruce Ng, the director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and meetings with Sean Bean's Mitch Henderson, struggling to act his way out of a (now 5p) pound shop bag. I found that once Watney had solved a few problems, his plight became less and less interesting, when all signs pointed to a successful, against all the odds, rescue by his former crew on Hermes. Don Glover's appearance as, ahem, astrodynamicist Rich Purnell allowed the former Community star to go through his full range of facial gurns, but, in the end, was just yet another character at NASA we didn't need. Add to this Kristen Wiig's pointless turn as a NASA PR guru and we end up with a galaxy of stars fighting for screen time.On board the Hermes, Michael Pena's Martinez is a fun character and featured in my favourite scene, darkly cajoling Watney for being a botanist. However, the ensuing decision for all to add 500+ days to their mission time to rescue him is slightly preposterous. This would be forgivable if the rescue mission itself wasn't so predictable. I also didn't find Damon's Watney in any way as charming as other people seem to have and was praying vainly he'd suffocate out in space. I think the recent spate of intelligent sci fi movies has led to a new audience, which can only be a good thing. However, I just feel this has maybe meant a less critical eye is being cast. It's entertaining in parts, but compared to the likes of Interstellar it's far too slight. Compare it to Duncan Jones' Moon and it lacks enough pathos. Compare it to Edge of Tomorrow and it's not enough fun. Wait until it's on DVD.

THE MARTIAN follows botanist Mark Watney who, during a manned mission to Mars, is hit by a fierce storm and left behind by his crew who presume that he's dead. But little did they know that he's still very much alive, stranded on the hostile planet. With limited resources at hand, Watney must draw upon his ingenuity in order to survive. Having only seen the trailers, I went into this film unaware of how much humor there would actually be. In that regard, it's quite faithful to the source material; Drew Goddard was able to inherit author Andy Weir's snarky dialogue and translate it from the pages of a novel onto the pages of a screenplay, while Sir Ridley Scott brought it all to life. Speaking of Ridley Scott, it looked as if the legendary director's best days were behind him, entering a career slump of sorts with The Counselor and Exodus: Gods and Kings, both of which were dull and uninspired chapters of his otherwise impressive filmography. THE MARTIAN, however, marks Ridley Scott 's return to form. It's captivating from beginning to end, enjoyable from beginning to end, and is full of personality from, you guessed it, beginning to end.A lot of that personality, if not all of it, is due to the incredible group of actors that have been rounded up here, most notably Matt Damon. If not for him and the way he charismatically delivers his lines the sarcastic dialogue, which is really just Damon talking to a video recorder, would 've just ended up being really awkward. Chewitel Ejiofor and Jessica Chastain both make strong impressions as well, along with the rest of the cast who have small, yet potent moments of their own. Despite having convincing performances, the film didn't do as good of a job trying to get me to naturally invest in these characters. Sure, you care for Mark Watney's life but that's only because of the situations that the story places him in and forces him to face; there was no real emotional through line for me to grab hold of. But the thing that stops me from calling THE MARTIAN "great" is that it's a very safe, by the numbers, sci-fi film. It doesn't have the technical drive of Gravity or the emotional punch of Interstellar; it's very good, but it could've been so much more.

The Martian was an entertaining movie, however don't be fooled by the ridiculously high ratings that this is a classic, intense experience that is on par with Gravity. The film underachieves in far too many categories for this to become even a worthy comparison. The film boasts fantastic visual effects and the Mars atmosphere is rendered beautifully, however the main issues inherent with the film reside mostly in the script and tone the filmmakers choose to employ in order to tell this story.Firstly, the film's mostly light tone cannot compensate for it's sprawling 140 minute length. Throughout the film, astronaut Mark Watney (Likably played by Matt Damon) is relentlessly optimistic about his predicament. So optimistic in fact that, apart from a couple of instances of psychological breakdowns, Mark is portrayed as ultimately a flawless character. This results in the film not being nearly as interesting or engaging as it could be, as the audience rarely gets the sense that Mark's situation could very well end in death. This lack of character depth transcends to the countless other characters on Earth. There are many great actors here, but because of the limitations of the script, none of them ever really rise above the stereotypes or caricatures in their respective characters.The overall light tone of the film gives off the sense that not much is at stake, therefore resulting in a much less compelling film had it been made as a more serious drama. Despite being released around Oscar season, the film gives off the impression that it would have been more at home during the summer blockbuster season, as the frequent wisecracks, retro soundtrack and jokey tone are far more reminiscent of the Marvel movies than films like Gravity or Interstellar. This means that the film begins to grow slightly tedious in it's latter half, as the 140 minute film begins to drag because of the lack of intensity and urgency.A curious thing, however, is that despite this length, director Ridley Scott chooses to rush through many defining moments of the film. For example, literally within the first few minutes Mark is left behind on Mars by his crew. While this does make for a fairly riveting and exciting opening, the cost of character development and the chance to really get invested in Mark's relationship with his crewmates is too great. Scott also rushes through Mark's rescue sequence at the end of the film, which is a shame since it's a key moment in the film and what is there is quite enthralling. It's just that the main problem with this scene is that it's a glimmer of what The Martian could have been, intense, life threatening situations dramatically conveyed with atmospheric space visuals.Overall, The Martian is a disappointment. It is a film that failed to deliver on it's potential. I have not read the book the movie was based on so I can't comment on how faithful to the source material it is, but overall, I was let down by The Martian. The character development was lacking and the choice to tell this story with a light tone just didn't completely work for a 140 minute film, as it rarely feels that nothing is at stake, which resulted in a predictable movie. While it seems that most audiences are embracing the lighter and jokier vibe this film has, it unfortunately becomes the film's undoing, as the comedy robs the story of dramatic tension.

As they say, my first IMDb review. I am just surprised (and worried) of the amount of people praising this movie and calling it the best movie ever. It makes me suspect they are either very young, or very ignorant. None of my business, but an 8 for this film is an insult to cinematography. I will skip the part with the scientific implausibility of it all, since I am no master in Physics/Botany. It's a Hollywood movie, I would have tolerated it. I will also choose to ignore the bad acting, shallow lines and virtually no character development. What bothered me most was the absence of humanity in it. First, I couldn't see the characters as real humans, with feelings other than Hollywoodian bravery. The main character spends years in complete seclusion, yet we never see him having a breakdown or considering suicide. I understand astronauts have a strong psychological profile and that it might have been ironic to see Matt Damon going crazy again on a foreign planet, but it'd have been way more humanly understandable.Also, his team has no second thoughts in abandoning their families some months more in order to engage in a dangerous and not very certain rescue operation. I'm no astronaut, obviously, but I'm quite sure they are human too, and must have at least some selfish impulses, if not acts. I also found it funny how they *subtly* let us know the captain is happily married, so that we do not suspect some erotic/love interests in the operation.Last but not least, what is all this fuss about rescuing Matt Damon and spending zillions of dollars and energy on this mission? I can understand the idealism of it, I just find it is painfully ironic that not even one character in the whole movie mentions the tremendous cost&absurdity of the mission. Thousands of people die daily due to absence of food, water or medical supplies, there are wars storming across the world, diseases, refugee crisis, and all the earth cares for is saving this one person who is very good at growing potatoes using their own poop.I understand the thing that humanity needs to be evolving, and that space seems to be our next level of discovery. It just seems to me we're forgetting of the humans right next to us in the process.Ah, and another aspect I did not enjoy at all was the part where the martian gets rid of the extra weight in his spacecraft, leaving it abandoned on Mars. It was just a painful reminder of how people tend to leave mess no matter where they go, as long as it's for their own sake.All in all, an incredibly superficial and sad movie. I'd have appreciated to have at least one skeptical character in it.

Effects are top notch. With that out of the way.This masterwork of contemporary cinematic genius has all of the necessary ingredients to make it a sure-fire hit with the Facebook generation. Including but not limited to... Warning... spoilers!!...*An internet café on Mars *A nuclear-powered interplanetary Apple store, with *An adorable engineer who can recode a spaceship's operating system in Clojure or JavaScript *A low-maintenance zero-emission land vehicle *Inside joke about Lord of the Rings (wink wink) *Unlimited calorie vegan diet *Unregulated access to Vicodin *Plentiful potty jokes *Lots of friends *Everybody is cool *Limited jeopardy with a guaranteed positive outcome *Unmistakable deference to Iron ManTake away all of those elements and you'd still be left with science, drama, character and conflict at about a 9th grade level.Congratulations Mr. Scott, you've made the team.

This movie rocked the house!! What can I say? The only movie I truly was astonished by this year was Ant-Man, and this one is up there with one of the best movies of the year. I recently saw Hotel Transylvania 2, and while the animation was imaginative and there were some really funny scenes, I kind of thought, "eh, it's not bad, just so much potential wasted". With The Martian, the potential is realized and fulfilled, and a whole lot more added to that. The main surprise in this movie is the fact that it has more optimism than any other thriller I've seen-and I love it when movies strive to avoid predictability in emotion of the characters. Matt Damon was excellent in this because of his huge amount of likability and charms, but was frightened and tense when he needed to be. Jeff Daniels is definitely the best performance of the movie other than Damon in my opinion. I saw the 3D screening of this movie and the opening scene and the vistas of Mars landscapes and planet overviews immersed me into the intensity of the suspense shown. Awesome 70s soundtrack. I'd recommend this piece of art to any movie buff, Ridley Scott fan, or space movie fan any day. Definitely a Blu-ray collection addition in my book.

THE MARTIAN (2015) **** Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Sean Bean, Kristen Wiig, Kate Mara, Sebastian Stan, Aksel Hennie, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Benedict Wong, Mackenzie Davis, Donald Glover. Epic, fun and enthralling science fiction drama with Damon as a botanist left behind on Mars accidentally being believed to be killed on an expedition, resulting in his savvy brain trust (his and NASA's) to get him home in spite of tremendous odds, obstacles and pitfalls. Ridley Scott pulls out all the stops with brio and smartly sprinkles in dollops of self-ware, world-weary humor (thanks to a fine adaptation of Andy Weir's book by Drew Goddard) and a sterling cast including bright-eyed Chastain as his commander hell-bent on the rescue mission, Ejiofor and Daniels as squabbling team pundits and again, Damon in a career high turn as the self-possessed yet vulnerable Mark Watney in a performance ranking up there with Tom Hanks' in CASTAWAY & Sandra Bullock's in GRAVITY ; in other words - Oscar-worthy. A must see in 3-D with some truly amazing visuals and a superb sound track of '70s disco tunes. One of the year's best (and smartest) movies.

I enjoyed this movie, but I didn't love it, not like I loved Gravity. That doesn't go to say though that the acting wasn't amazing, the science wasn't well thought out and the graphics and CGI weren't all very well done, because they were!I think what was missing for me was that complete sense of loneliness and that eerie feeling that I feel being alone on a massive planet, with barely any communication with anyone, and no life besides him and his crops, honestly, that part could have been done better. Think about it, how damn scary would that be, knowing that you won't see anyone or talk to anyone in many many years. I know I would feel pretty scared.It was a great movie though, and I assume it will be up for some awards. I recommend seeing it at the movies so you can get that atmosphere from watching it on the big screen, and when a movie with space is involved I always recommend seeing it at the movies as it creates that whole sense of a large space, a very large space.Most viewers will love it! Matt Damon was amazing as per usual and it's worth a watch.

The Martian to me is another Hollywood, overcoming all odds, feel good movie, the science isn't exactly at the top of the list and this can be seen (if you know Mars weather patterns) straight from the off ,fortunately for the viewer the suspension of belief is rewarded with some amazing views of the red planet and some actual real life science and applications that could really work on mars. Matt Damon does a pretty solid Job as Mark Watney and I did actually feel myself routing for the character so in my opinion if you wanna go watch a pretty good sci fi movie with no real antagonists that has top notch shots of space and mars and spaceships with no aliens or weird stuff or mind boggling equations etc then watch this if not go watch Interstellar or Contact either way I prefer this a lot more than both them and I thought they were good .

The premise had all the ingredients for a great movie. Unfortunately Scott only did a C+ job with it.What was good in the movie was Matt Damon. His was the standout performance and is the sole reason for coming away with a somewhat positive rating. Just about all his scenes (except the last bullshit rendezvous) had me interested.What was bad was plenty: Every other character was uninspiring. The schmaltzy ending was nauseating and unnecessary. There was too much scientifically impossible stuff (just as unnecessary). And the slingshot "breakthrough" that a 20-year old geek had was an insult to the basic laws of physics that have been in play since space travel began. What I really missed was having a longer, slower "tour" of Mars and the space between our planets. This part of it felt overlooked.We could have had something quite profound, but it was ruined by pandering to the lowest-common Hollywood film-goer. I guess deep-and- meaningful doesn't sell .. and we have the many moriferons out there to thank for it. Shame.

Oh, the glorious USA... They've been everywhere... They've filmed everything, and they love their clichés more than they like their coca-cola.What a piece of trash this movie is. Unlike guilty pleasures like "independence day", who are what they are, unapologetically, this film attempts to take it self a little seriously, starting with a good idea, ending with nothing but over the top NONSENSE. A man? Alone? In an entire planet? And his main concern is being a smartass on camera like a youtube comedian? Wanna see a real movie about what the word alone means? Check "Sunshine" by Danny Boyle. That's a real film. This is fast food filming. A disappointment, by none other than Ridley Scott.

There will be no spoiler alerts needed, because I don't have the energy to include any. I will just use some phrases - sophomoric, silly, unbelievable. A few more - scientifically sloppy, highly derivative, utterly predictable. Oh - did I say dull? A few more phrases - horrific acting, dreadful dialog, and the kiss of death - insignificant.Why Hollywood feels that they have to spend a fortune producing this kind of vapid crap is beyond me. Do they have no respect for the intellect of their audiences? Are they simply lazy? We are at the end of watching The Sopranos from beginning to end for the third time - rich plot, character development, and acting. We anxiously await the next seasons of Fargo and Homeland. We miss dearly Six Feet Under. Oh, yes - The Martian. *****yawn***** Don't waste your time or your money - or your brain cells!

The Martian is one of those films that we've grown to be accustomed to; an interesting premise, good cast and promising plot with a lot of potential but that fails at delivery. The Martian is like a great business idea that fails to meet practicality. The Martian is like stolen intellectual property whereby the culprit finally realizes he doesn't really know how to make it productive. The Martian is like having a magic wand and not knowing what to do with it.An astronaut is left for dead by his crew on a desolate hostile planet 50 million kilometers from Earth after a violent storm having only a few days' supply of food, water and oxygen. Any emergency rescue mission to the planet, Mars, to save him would still take 4 years to arrive. He is alone. He cannot communicate with Earth or members of his crew who are now half way through their journey back home, believing him to be dead. Interesting premise isn't it? Indeed, until you see what the storyline does to it.Here is a cheery Mark Watney (Matt Damon) who learns of his fate and his response is a few lame jokes directed at a camcorder where he practically gives the audience fun facts about Mars, science and Botany. He keeps talking while constantly nibbling on God-knows-what, which was quite annoying IMO, jokes non-stop about the bad disco music that his mission commander left and practically enjoys his solo stay on Mars. Not the reaction one would expect, eh? I guess being stranded alone on planet Mars with 68 sols' (Mars days) provision of food and water isn't such a bummer after all. Mark's attitude toward his situation is as if he merely just woke up and found he had the whole house to himself so he does the Salsa across the living room in his drawers and showers without the curtains.We expect a lot of tension, drama, panic attacks, agoraphobia, loneliness, fear, hopelessness, bouts of insanitybut no; Mark Watney is quite content with his situation. He might as well build a golf course with all his Botany ingenuity and/or a Holiday Inn. Mark solves every problem one by one as they come to him. Basically nothing bad happens to him. At least HE has a magic wand and he knows how to use it.The story itself is not very realistic. When the director of NASA learns that the Chinese have agreed to lend them a spacecraft that they've been building in secret to save a man they couldn't care less about, his response over the phone (with the director of the Chinese space agency) is "oh okay, I understand. Thank you" then hangs up and says "yes!" Like a high school kid whose crush just accepted to be his prom date. He might as well have said "Oh okay, I understand. Thank you, by the way what music are you currently listening to? Have you tried our Justin Bieber?" We are also told that messages between Earth and Mars have a 30 minute delay but when Mark Watney finally finds a way to communicate with NASA, the conversations go so smoothly it could have been via KIK or IM.Matt Damon himself was good but he clearly didn't take the role too seriously. The fact that they had to use a body double to show his weight loss gives an idea of the amount of dedication he gave to the film. Recall what Christian Bale did for The Machinist? And he wasn't even stranded on a planet 100 million miles away; he lived across from a Chick-fil-A and Pizza Hut.SPOILER ALERT. If you haven't watched the movie this is where you should stop reading this review.The ending of the film could very well be the most disappointing part. I comforted myself after the lack of drama with the thought that in the end, when Mark Watney is supposed to leap from his spacecraft towards the returned crew in the vastness of space, all the tension would pour in. It does not. He might as well have gotten to them on a hoverboard with both hands in his pockets. Mark is really one lucky bastard huh?The Martian is a visual spectacle with very believable Martian landscape, space exploration apparatus and (not so) believable space science, but sadly that is all. It fails to explore all possibilities that the premise offers and instead relies on fratboy humor the likes of "my balls are frozen!" and "take that, Neil Armstrong!" It is a film about the psychological effects of being stranded alone on an unfriendly planet zillions of miles from home, but it hardly shows any. I didn't hate the movie, nor do I advise not to see it, but I didn't love it either even though it is signed by the great Ridley Scott. It won't be registered as a classic but it'll surely seduce The Academy who are too often impressed with high production value, familiar leading heads and unnecessarily long running yarns.

"The Martian": This was one I wanted to see in the theater because I'm a pretty big Ridley Scott fan, unfortunately never got the opportunity; like most people who got into sci-fi, I can thank Scott for that since he's contributed so much to the genre. I won't claim that this movie is his next big contribution to the sci-fi genre that will change things forever like his past films "Alien" and "Blade Runner", but this is pretty good. I thought that this was a good time, I don't know if it needed to be two and a half hours long; when it comes to the length of a movie I would kind of prefer that if a science fiction flick has a runtime over two hours long that it be a little more innovative or provocative than something like this, but it was consistently entertaining so I can totally give it a pass for that.I don't really want to get much into the story because the plot is pretty simple, rather not spoil what happens. If you have seen the trailers then it's pretty easy to gather what the movie is about; Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is stranded on Mars with very limited amounts of food and somehow has to find ways to survive alone with all these extreme scenarios happening to him until a rescue team hopefully makes it to him in time. This isn't Scott's typical dark sci-fi film though; I mean yes, you can tell he's in the director's chair but this is a bit brighter and a lot more of an optimistic film in comparison to the rest of his filmography. I say more optimistic because the lead character that is stuck on Mars, Mark Watney, stays completely positive for most of the obstacles that come. He does have his occasional moments of despair and even anger, but he keeps his chin up so he can solve the problem and move on so he can survive. It would be so easy to make this character such a downer; not doing much except brooding, which is understandable for the awful situation dealt to this character, but they don't do that and it makes this character a bit of a stand out and more interesting. Makes me like the character easier than if the writing had gone the other route to darken up his character instead because of how his whole being stranded situation starts almost from the very beginning. If he wasn't as likable as he was, then this movie could have been a long drag to watch someone to brood instead of being proactive like he ended up being. Not much else to say really; the acting was really good, the writing was solid, the direction and cinematography were of course great and I was entertained and invested the whole time. I liked it. I don't know if I would say "best of the year" like it seems some of the nominations from the various award ceremonies this year are announcing, but I still think it was a really good movie. This was a movie about hope, keeping a positive attitude in harsh times and being as proactive as humanly possiblethis was the anti-"War Room" movie. If you've seen "War Room" then you might know what I'm talking about here, just think about it for a second. "War Room" when things get tough it tells you to sit in a closet, don't do anything productive except submit to your verbally abusive husband and pray about him because God will step in to take all of your problems away. Here, he doesn't just sit and wait for something hopefully good to happen or for NASA to rectify the situation. He does what he can, almost right away, to survive and improve on his bad situation. I know they are completely different scenarios, but the message is still the same. Do something yourself if you want things to change for the better, don't expect others to always do it for you. So go see this movie, it is pretty friggin' good!

This movie is amazing. In case you don't know what it's about here's a quick rundown: It's about a man named Mark Watney (Matt Damon) who through a series of events is left on Mars, but that's just what the trailer will tell you. This movie obviously had the opportunity to be heartbreakingly sad "A treacherous tale about a young man abandoned on the red planet" but it's not. It's actually surprisingly funny. Mark Watney manages to find the humor in the situations. This movie is funny when it wants to be, sad when it wants to be, and breathtaking when it wants to be. It's all of the things you want a movie to be. I would definitely recommend this film.

I thought it was the best movie of 2015! I'm not overrating on this, but it's truly a genius movie. If a friend or someone ask me, "Do you find this movie is good? Do you recommend it?" I'll answer a hundred percent yes. Perfect cinematography (why did only r-scott, matt, and the editors who get the nominees, it's should've been the cinematography). I didn't read the book yet, i don't even know that there is the book of The Martian. But i thought it was amazing.The film is very emotional, and Matt live it perfectly (i cried a lot) so if you guys are a sci-fi fan you have to watch it or you're wasting your time as a sci-fi fan (it's too much :P) It's the combination of drama that will make us like touched but also frightening sci-fi plot. Yes, it's exactly to pick Ridley Scott, i mean he's a sci-fi 'god' look at his film! I complety NOT disappointed, satisfied, entertained, this is the best movie. One more, damn you R-Scott!But this movie has one weakness, this movie took a quite long time to make the viewer figure out some thing, like SOL, in the beginning, i didn't understand what is it? It takes a quarter hour to figure out. Or it's just me who has a stinky brain :DNB: Watch it, take my words, you'll NEVER regret my suggestion. Oh, don't watch it with kids under 13. First, they'll get bored, second, they don't understand, that's what makes them bored, Third, there's some brief scene when Mark Whatney butt shown.

"The Martian" kept us on the edge our seats the entire time; both with the tension and just sheer delight of this movie and storyline. I can't understand the reviewers who stated that they felt the movie lacked emotion or those who faulted numerous science situations in the story (excluding the sand storm premise).Regarding emotional and the human element in the film, I think it was very well acted and various strong emotions were all through the film constantly demonstrated by Mark, his crew and the NASA staff. However, it's possible that the reviewers didn't see a reaction like they would have had under the same circumstances. What should be kept in mind is that astronauts are extremely well trained people, they are also literally selected for resiliency, adaptability, curiosity, ability to trust (including yourself) and creativity/resourcefulness. Mental toughness and flexibility is very desired in an astronaut; so although Mark had phases of fear, frustration, anger and depression, he quickly refocused his mind on the most important problem at the time. As he said "You solve one problem and you solve the next one, and then the next." For anyone who works (or knows someone who works) in a career with constant problem solving (first responders, ER, most STEM careers, etc) this is the way one thinks and works; deal with the biggest problem first, them move onto the next and the next and the next. As Adam Savage from "Myth Buster's" has said "calm people live", so with all his training, Mark would know how to handle a crisis without freaking out. In contrast Tom Hank's character Chuck Noland, the FedEx operations executive stranded in "Cast Away", was more of an everyman than Astronaut Mark Watney; and thus Mark had a more controlled reaction to things.As for the science situations, most people are aware the premise of the story, how Mark gets stranded and injured, is not correct for the environment of Mars. However beyond the premise, most science is pretty sound. I watch numerous videos about the science behind "The Martian" and the only other thing mentioned as inaccurate was that on Mars the Astronauts would bounce more in their planetary walking, and they would also likely have heavier suits. Due to some director's choices and limitations, Ridley Scott made the decision to bypass these details. Otherwise, what I have found is that Mark might have been pretty lucky but that the Science was pretty good in the movie and better in the book. I suggest everyone review a few Youtube videos on the Science of "The Martian" as it's some pretty interesting stuff. The movie put the Science back in Sci Fi and addition made Science cool. The movie shows intelligent men and women solving problem and there is no real 'bad guy', just Mars, which doesn't cooperate well (as Mark says). I you like the scene in "Apollo 13" where the engineering team quickly invents a way to make the Command Module's square filters work in the Lunar Module's round receptacles, you'll probably enjoy "The Martian". "The Martian" is the best movie I've seen in a long time and it was exciting from beginning to end, despite the fact I figured I knew the story from the previews. It's nice to see intelligent men and women working together for a common goal and using Science to triumph over major obstacles.

I expected way too much from this film and it was quite disappointing.Costumes and visuals were great 10/10. The music was lacking.The film just isn't long enough to properly tell a story and convey a message. There just isn't enough plot to show how Mark Watney wants to leave the planet. We don't see the struggles of him trying to produce water, oxygen and food. We just briefly see him decide to do it and then he does. Though the book covers the science more, we still don't see the struggle. We don't see him struggle to survive; we don't see him starve on a potato a day. We don't see him struggle with isolation. It's like he doesn't mind being on Mars at all.There is a lack of emotion shown by the actors. We don't see a bond between the crew built to show how they'd happily go on a month long missions to get him back.The humour from Watney was poor and featured too much swearing over and over as if it were funny.Can he just let go of constantly bringing up Lewis' music?I just wasn't feeling the 'hurray!!' scenes after every rocket launch. There must have been four where the mission control get up clapping and hugging each other.There's a loss of meaning. Is the film not about how difficult is is for Watney as he tries to live on Mars and how life on Earth is so much easier so we should protect it?------------------tl;dr the film could probably have been a series where they go into more detail and show more emotion and show the struggles of those on Earth and of Watney.

Ridley Scott has given us some of the best films ever, tackling every genre from romance to Science Fiction. We will never be able to see Science Fiction the same way after "Alien", which blends horror, science, and drama so well that people are still studying the film. Hearts stopped as both technology and outer space biology gave us the best monsters of the 70's. He went on to improve on "2001" by taking the mind of artificial intelligence and have them play God. Here, he goes back to the resilience of humans, and with a bit of humour, plenty of heart, and a very intelligent marriage of old fashioned story telling and much respect for the promising future of space travel, he gives us a new cinematic gem."The Martian" creates a universe where a human learns to use his resources to overcome adversity and very unlucky night when he's left behind by his crew. He must find ways to survive, to let the rest of the universe, especially Earth, know that he's alive, but that also means that they must find a way to get him back and save face while dealing with politics, the limits of contemporary space science, and the ability to make a film that refrains from relying too much on special effects, but which has its feet strongly planted on common sense and realism.Damon is wonderful as the man who keeps up his spirits and uses every bit of knowledge to keep going. His acting hasn't been this good since he gave us the dark leech in "Ripley". Here he has a heart, a brain, and plenty of courage as he faces every possible obstacle that he faces. Unlike other films out there where knives have suddenly become less lethal than before, this man is threatened by equipment that pierces his suit and his abdomen, which makes him cringe and shudder with pain and whose body shrivels as he is running out of food. There's a terrific scene where his eyes sink in despair as he is confronted with the loss of his garden, something that signifies his imminent death. He's no superman, just a regular human being who fights to keep both his body and spirit alive.Almost as good as Damon are the rest of the supporting cast, which work each role to find options to bring him back to Earth. "Gravity" gave us plenty of thrills and emotions. Things are subdued most of the time here, but the climax is proof that people like Scott are able to use the best of what is available to them and give us quality film making. We are soon joining the rest of the human community, cheering, holding our breath, wringing our hands as we await for his success. "Argo" gave us a taste of what a good old fashioned crowd pleaser can do. "The Martian" takes it even higher because we get to bond and identify with this "Martian" who happens to be the best scientist on that planet.Funny, exciting, rewarding, intelligent, and perfectly directed, just the way movies used to be, should be, and hopefully will be in the future.Thanks Mr. Scott.

I've read the book and it's indeed not about a poor, lonely soul lost on Mars, who becomes a philosopher about death and life and is fighting depressions all the time, only getting some kind of inner relief at the end. It is not like Cast Away" with Tom Hanks nor anything like Interstellar" which has a whole different story.It's about high tech and science, it's about a tough astronaut whose only goal is to solve the next problem, who is absolutely focusing on solutions to survive as long as he can. There are moments where he is hapless and desperate but he's got a kind of stubbornness, a special kind of will to survive that drives him through this misery. He jokes, he thinks of trivial stuff that helps him keeping his mind intact. You could say he actually denies in some way that he's the only guy on an entire planet millions of miles away from home. But the situation forces him to fight against physics and technology all the time, he just has got no time to think about to much.What you get as the reader then is a spectacular story of how he manages it – against all odds. With his sheer will, his unique personality, the training and knowledge and with the help of smart, brave and very noble people. This makes this story indeed look very positive in the outcome, it describes an almost impossible effort and shows – so do I think personally – the best of us as human beings. Mark Watney survives – with luck, of course, but mainly because neither he ever gave up nor the people on earth. The climax in this plot was the most thrilling thing I've read for years. I had to shed a tear, it just blew my mind. At the end everything went to an extreme fight humans versus the universe" which will be won by incredible smartness, braveness and by big pumping hearts in the breasts of the protagonists. In the aftermath I think it's even more than just another survival story", it's about how far we went and how clever we've become in the great struggle of life, especially if you don't forget how much obstacles we are still throwing in our own way. It's a very utopian view, yes, but one who touches your heart if you have one.The movie captured only a tiny fraction of this, unfortunately. It's a funny movie about some astro guy cracking jokes on a funky planet not far away, uhm, and some of his buddies, who help him out. Of course he survives, what else. It's Matt Damon, our hero. No explanations needed, it's all good. Thank you for watching.

One of the most commercialized films this year. I saw adverts almost every day, with Matt Damon's face on the red double decker buses and amazing pictures of Jordan (which is supposed to be the planet Mars in the film) Because of that, I only wanted to see the movie even more. I was anticipating the day it would open in the nearest cinema. I am not the biggest fan of 3D movies, but this one was different. It feels like it demanded 3D. And probably, for the first time, I enjoyed a film in 3D. The scenes on Mars and in space are impeccably shot. Wouldn't expect nothing less from Ridley Scott. Those shots are pure art, a feast for your eyes. As for the story, it may not be that creative, but Matt Damon was unexpectedly funny and I laughed much more than I thought I would in such a movie. The script is well written. I spotted a few mistakes in the storyline, but they weren't that major. If the lead actor wasn't Damon, I don't know if the film would be as good, because it is hard for only one actor to carry the entire story. Film is about survival and never giving up, no matter what. It sends a powerful message. The thing I find strangest is that I heard many people ask if it was a true story. I hope after watching it, people will study Mars a bit and see that, unfortunately, we haven't been there yet. The thing that bothered me most was the fact Damon's crew members lacked enthusiasm and their reactions should have been more natural and enhanced. I gave it a solid eight. Enjoyable film. A good watch, definitely.

as most of sci-fi fans I admire Ridley Scott, as director of Alien, I love Gladiator, and even with not very well rated Prometheus, I still give him a chance to direct it's sequel, but this movie is an other story. From trailers probably you already know that this movie is about astronaut (Matt Damon) stuck on the Mars, and team is sent there to rescue him. Thing is you probably expect plot twist, villains, unexpected moments, unresolved problems, sacrificing lives, do you want to hear which from this things happen? None of them! even in Disney films are more tension, I think we can't avoid comparing this film to Gravity and Interstellar, both are 10 times better than this. Everybody is sweet guy doing their job, and everybody will live happily after... In conclusion save ticket money and go see another movie... you calmly wait for this movie in TV or buy DVD at last...

The Martian is seriously the most boring sci-fi film I have ever witnessed. From start to finish, it felt like I was watching a university speech from a teacher for 2 hours. There was nothing interesting about this film, other than it was done in space. The visual effects are fantastic but the acting and the scenes were just dull, joyless and slow. In fact, my friend got me a extra pillow in case I needed it if the film was boring and boy, I was lucky to have that comfy pillow. This film may get the attention of sci-fi lovers but it will certainly not get the attention of those who find sci-fi films extremely boring, Interstellar was way better than this, even though it was a 2 hrs and 40 minutes film. It had no action which I thought was horrific. Do not watch this film unless you plan on bringing a pillow and a blanket

Seemed more like a NASA public relations film. How we are supposed to think NASA would react to a lost being. As if!No excitement, no real psychological drama, in fact I've seen more problem/solution and emotional rollercoasters in prison solitary.Disappointing cos I was looking forward to this film and getting lost in the atmosphere, instead I've been fighting off getting lost in sleep.Cant remember the name of the other space film recently with cloonz in it? That had far more drama and special effects I thought.If you've got 2 hrs before bed and are knackered, watch this cos it wont matter if you nod off for an hr half way through

First Saving Private Ryan, then Interstellar, and now The Martian. Matt Damon's the one to find. The go to guy. The one worthy of being found thrice over. Damon is Watney, a man stranded on Mars after his crew believe him dead. This film is about his survival. Suspension of disbelief is steady and highly believable, to the point of utter astonishment. It's incredible how Watney's time spent on Mars feels so real. No one has landed on Mars before, and no one probably will in our lifetime. Ridley Scott and the team behind The Martian have kept the physics clean. Watney painfully produces food and water for the long haul. Damon is mesmerising. Open spaces and long/wide angle shots create a feeling of solitude. He's supported by the likes of Sean Bean and Chiwetel Ejiofor, but when the screen's off Damon, it needs to be. We need to know how and what he's doing. Visually stunning effects add a balance of beauty and ambiance. The contrast is definitely felt between Watney on Mars, his crew on their ship back home and the NASA workers on Earth. The Martian is a gripping blockbuster, even if it's a wee bit predictable.

This from the man that gave us Alien, Blade Runner, Black Hawk Down? Utterly devoid of tension or any real emotion from the one dimensional characters, this plays like a bullet-point list of "things that happened in the story". Another good book ransacked for events and bunged on-screen. I must add another five lines of text in order to get this review accepted for some reason, but really there isn't much more to say about it. The 3D was curiously flattened, the landscapes appearing like cardboard cut-out mountains. The rest looked OK I guess, but so does any film these days. Almost complete lack of science was a let-down too. Very disappointed.

Talking about a realistic film...When a mission in Mars goes wrong, the astronaut crew hurriedly departs from the planet. A crew member (Mark Watney, played by Matt Damon) has an accident and is left behind. He is presumed dead by everyone. NASA issues a statement about it, while the crew is on its way back. Everything's OK up to this point.When it is revealed to NASA that Mark Watney is alive, the organization has two options: 1) Let the world know they mistakenly left an astronaut alone in Mars (gain bad publicity) and be forced to launch a multimillion rescue mission with high probability of failure (NASA's budget and reputation at stake). And all these, just for one man.2) Silence the employee's who know about it (by any means possible) and let Mark Watney die. Nobody will ever know, hence NASA doesn't get bad publicity and saves hundred millions of dollars (to say the least).Guess what... They went for #1! And the Chinese helped them too! Now, this is what I call PROPAGANDA.In addition, the film suffers from an extremely bad sense of humour. I honestly found the "disco" cue pathetic, but I guess it's a matter of personal taste.Don't get me wrong, I actually enjoyed this movie. It has great cinematography (not Interstellar standards but still commendable) and overall it is good fun, but obviously it can't be taken seriously.

First of all,the review is spoiler free so feel free to read it if you haven't seen the movie yet.Firstly,the cast. They are all excellent and experienced actors and actresses and they did their job on the level that it should be done.Starting with Matt Damon who plays astronaut Mark Watney.His acting ability is great and he made 100% effort to role.Certainly one of his best roles. Jessica Chastain plays the role of mission commander Melissa Lewis,which suits her just fine,knowing that she has experience with movies about space.She played in the Interstellar last year which was one of the best movie of the year. Not to mention Sean Bean,who is absolutely amazing and most likely one of the best actors in Hollywood.Although he plays a minor role in this movie that hasn't stopped him to act so well. One of the biggest pluses in the movie is surly acting. A bit about the plot(without spoiling anything),most of the time atmosphere is very intense and serious,but there are several scenes with good sense of humor which helps the viewers to relax after very intense scene.Visual effects and CGI. Mars looks as it should look because of all the CGI effects of the place where movie was shoot and it is really nice to see,especially in 4K resolution and 3D technology.All rocket launches,explosions and martian storms are done perfectly.It really makes you feel they're real.In conclusion this is definitely Oscar worth movie and one of the best movies of the year,if not the best.Space fanatics(like me) will enjoy the movie all the time and will feel the tension as it is supposed to be felt.If anyone thinks they won't understand a single word in the movie,I can tell they're wrong.The movie is made for everyone,children,teenagers,adults and scientists so everyone will be able to understand what're they talking about.

Wonderful photography, incredible Matt Damon acting.This film makes us think how difficult and same time possible the colonization of other planets, and how the water discovery would make much difference. It is a film that holds your attention from start to finish.Ridley Scott has changed a lot the climate of this space movie, does not follow his classic style, it is not dark and do not have much suspense, if any, the film is quite optimistic, the difficulties encountered by the characters are very realistic and plausible solutions, reaches one point that we feel it in mars along with them and that it is not so much difficult than an underwater exploration or climb mount everest.In my opinion the only weak point of the film is the speed of the progress in the third act, it is very fast, losing the pace.

Based on Andy Weir's 2011 novel by the same name, 'The Martian' is an Epic Sci-Fi Adventure, that offers solid entertainment. Its a gripping film, about about survival & hope. Legendary Director Sir Ridley Scott & Actors Matt Damon & Jeff Daniels are at their finest!'The Martian' Synopsis: During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.'The Martian' is about human willpower. If one has the courage & belief, He/She can conquer any difficulty, even if its beyond planet Earth. Mark Watney (Played by Matt Damon) is a fine, fine protagonist, who's spirit to survive & fight against all odds, makes his unbelievable journey, all the more engrossing. You are with him throughout the turbulence & you never stop rooting for him.Drew Goddard's Adapted Screenplay is top-notch. Its a challenging, inspiring & throughly entertaining Story, that hardly misses a beat. I was glued to the screen from start to finish. Sir Ridley Scott's Direction is exemplary. 'The Martian' is among his best works, as the Master Storyteller handles the intensity, with precision. Dariusz Wolski's Cinematography is perfect. Pietro Scalia's Editing is razor-crisp, despite a running-time of over 140-minutes! Art & Costume Design are excellent. Graphics & 3D Effects are top-class. Harry Gregson-Williams's Score is soulful. Performance-Wise: Matt Damon is at his peak here. Emboding Mark Watney from head to toe, he leads the narrative with a forceful performance. He gives us a protagonist, we'd like to remember for a long time. Supporting him superbly back home is Jeff Daniels as Teddy Sanders, head of NASA. He's flawless. Of the rest, Chiwetel Ejiofor as Vincent Kapoor, a NASA mission director, Kristen Wiig as Annie Montrose, NASA spokesperson, Jessica Chastain as Melissa Lewis, Ares III commander, Kate Mara as Beth Johanssen, an astronaut & Sean Bean as Mitch Henderson, a NASA mission director, leave a strong impression.On the whole, 'The Martian' is a ride that needs to be experienced! Strongly Recommended!

Firstly, I must say that I enjoyed this movie on its own merits and thought the science was adequately explained and believable for all but the most nit-picking nerds and idiots who don't realise that, by definition, science fiction is still fiction! The cinematography was well done and the pacing was good. Damon plays the part of the marooned astronaut well, adding a typical astronaut/pilot get-it-done practicality to the natural circumstantial fear and frustration. I felt that the portrayal of the reactions of the NASA management and Houston technical members was excellent, reflecting the reality of the publicly funded and politically vulnerable agency. My only dis-satisfaction with the film is that I felt the epilogue section after the rescue was unnecessary and detracted from the dramatic impact, which the film-makers had successfully imparted at that point. If it were not for those end sequences I think this movie could have joined the ranks of great movies like 'The Right Stuff' and 'Apollo 13' as a classic favourite of aviation/space enthusiasts like me.I appreciated the film even more though on a more personal level, as I am old enough to remember well the Apollo era; particularly the gut-wrenching wait as I and virtually the whole world held our collective breaths as the tense and potentially tragic drama of Apollo 13 unfolded. To this day those involved in the space program maintain a reverence for those who have gone before and especially those who have given their lives and to me this film celebrates that type of attitude and culture.This film references past history, books and films very well too. I loved the Hermes crew's description of the astrophysicist as a 'steely-eyed missile man'. In short, I recommend this movie for any enthusiasts of aviation and the space programme, anyone who enjoys quality sci-fi movies and anyone who enjoys a good but simple tale of triumph over adversity. I therefore do not recommend this film for armchair geek-critics who think the only quality needed for a good movie is perfect scientific exactitude.Oh, and by the way... For all you moronic scientist wannabes, humans actually DO exhale oxygen in significant quantities. Each breath taken only utilises only a small proportion of the O2 available before the remainder is exhaled, along with the CO2 and other unused components. Criticism of this as a supposed scientific 'flaw' in the film illustrates only your own ignorance and inability to research the facts before bursting forth into factually defective, self-important bluster. The dynamics and physics of space travel were also pretty accurate, despite what some 'reviewers' suggest.

The Martian was directed by Ridley Scott and stars Matt Damon,Jessica Chastain, Jeff Daniels,Kate Mara. First off, I've readied the book before seeing the movie so I had high hopes going into it and I have to say I was not disappointed. The Martian wasn't only a great movie but a great come back from Ridley Scott. He did a fantastic job and handled the big cast great. His last few movie had a big cast too and those movie turned out pretty bad. This wasn't the case, the acting, cinematography, everything was great. You would think a man by himself on a planet would get boring but it didn't at all. Matt Damon played the role of Mark Watney fantastic. Seeing this person surviving was so interesting and at times very funny. Just like the book there's lot humor and it works well. Jeff Daniels did a great job also, he's be doing a lot of movies this year that might get him best supporting actor. Overall was a great movie and a great comeback for amazing director Ridley Scott. Every thing was done right. If your a fan of the book or just trying to see a great book see the Martian in theaters.

The audience wasn't bored despite the running time, and Matt Damon does a really good job of holding everybody in just the right amount of tension, but the whole thing is too calculated and manipulative and, like most of Ridley Scott's output, looks like an advertisement. In this case, it's a big propaganda advertisement for the American and Chinese space programs and for various corporations that get prominent screen space -- who wants to bet me that the big "Forever 21" logo that looms over half the screen towards the film's climax looks just as stupid as the the bit TDK neon sign at the end of "Blade Runner"?It was one of those movies I walked out of with a good feeling, but the bad taste spreads the longer that it sits in my stomach. It's almost too cute, how Matt Damon's character makes these witty statements every 10 minutes or so, and the disco music and all of it. "I will survive!" The world is sure ready to put a lot of effort into saving a single white man sitting on some damn planet he has no business being on in the first place. He even brags about being the first colonizer! This movie will really be hilarious to watch in 2040, I'm telling you!But it wasn't too bad to watch in 2015 with a nice date and a good crowd of people either. Hard to hate it, but impossible for me to love it. Every time I was hoping for a good idea, it delivered sentiment or sardonic wit. At first I was into the way the movie raised intelligence and science up as virtues. But when Matt Damon gets up at the end to deliver a soliloquy about how science can deliver human beings from any problem..... you have to wonder why we can't spend some small part of the energy that we would spend to bring an astronaut home from Mars to, I dunno, save a child from slavery in a mine or a textile factory in the "third world." And, yeah, I'm pretty sure Matt Damon wonders the same thing.

after films like Gravity and Interstellar, Martian is a big downer for me.PLot: OK-ish, execution: very bad acting: OK, great actors do good acting at worst.I couldn't feel the characters or any urgency to act in tight situations. A lot of dialogues seem thrown in and out of flow. Facial expressions seem artificial. Nerds seem making an effort to look like nerds. .. Arggh!Couldn't at any point in the movie root for any character.Matt Damon tries to overdo his Serious mood and subtle humor stuff, didn't work, the background music steals the silence and lonely environment one should feel in space. well, I can rant on.. but in Short: A bad movie I regret watching.

Sci-fi comedic film from the director of Alien and Prometheus, Ridley Scott, and starring Matt Damon. A film about a NASA astronaut stranded in planet Mars and thrives for survival until he finds a way to contact Earth. A matter of survival and friendship. The light atmosphere of this movie makes the story as simple it can be because the space stuff is really darned complicated. It feels like the actors are really into it, hence, the acting is very effective. A movie Very entertaining. I laughed a lot of times. One of the best films of 2015. Far better than Gravity(2013).Liked it so much. A must-watch film.

There is much hype around The Martian. Ridley Scott, Matt Damon and a dynamite supporting cast that features a story about a man trying to survive on Mars armed only with his intellect and will.When I heard this, I thought the picture would be similar tonally to Cast Away. An unforgiving environment, brutal conditions, desperation and watching a character grow in order to survive his ordeal.Instead, Damon is cool under fire the entire time. There is never any sense of desperation, change or arc to speak of (at least that is significant). When things go wrong, they're easily fixed and the tone of this picture is inconsistent with its scenario.Jokes abound. Whether it's from NASA on Earth, Damon's crew that left him behind or Damon himself, they just keep on rolling with what feels like a three jokes a minute standard screenplay formula in a movie about a man trapped on Mars!It just doesn't work. It's not bad. The performances are fine, Scott's direction is fine, the writing is fine and it's technically fine. But that's about it. No risks or ingenuity, no real heart or emotion. No stakes. It takes about as unique a scenario as you could conjure and makes it flat, predictable and tonally inconsistent.Humor here and there is fine, but Drew Goddard's effusive use of humor is tiresome and takes you out of the film.No characters are really developed here and you sort of just wait around for the inevitable conclusion of the picture. Maybe this would have worked better as a short.With the last two years, two incredible space pictures (especially technically speaking: Gravity and Interstellar) came out and did some bombastic things. Each had fast moving stories, top notch special effects and were unpredictable in their conclusion. They had their main characters grow and place them in diverse scenarios that kept the tension high at all times. There was a sense of danger regardless of their shortcomings (Interstellar's ending and Gravity's Sandra Bullock).In this film there's none of that. While the solutions Damon's character comes up with are smart, you don't get a dramatic sense of struggle throughout the film. Lack of struggle equals decreased tension.I'm not sure why this movie is so revered by movie goers and critics. I feel left out. Maybe it was just my expectations and wanting to see the movie I wish it could have been that left me feeling cold. Still, a tensionless film with such a good cast and crew is a terrible thing to waste.6/10- Average.

First of all, the Martian was nothing like Gravity. I guess that was my biggest problem. Having loved movies like Gravity and Interstellar, this one did not come close to the performance bar let alone pass it. Everything about this movie was average. So highly disappointed with Matt Damon.1. Directing - The director worked with what he was given but there was so much more he could do. For example, there is a scene where Damon is severely undernourished and is skin and bones. His face isn't shown. The very next camera shot shows Damon 'who was supposed to be skin and bones' completely healthy and as muscular as ever. No, the space suit cannot hide a body's figure. 2. Writing - I wasn't impressed with the script. It wasn't very different but the only good thing was it was light, had a lot of humor and the story kept you going. However, every twist and plot was extremely far fetched and close to impossible. A person with common sense just sits there going "-_- seriously? Whom are you kidding? That is so not possible!"3. Acting - The acting was top notch. I expected big things from such a promising cast and then delivered. Very pleased.4. Production design - It was brilliant. The sets, both on Mars and on earth were amazing. I was blown away. The red planet was indeed red and the equipment all looked fancy and expensive. Tick. Tick. Tick for The Martian.5. Sound - The sound track and background score was average. Neither catchy nor lethargic. Bottomline - Go watch this if you have nothing better to see. P.s. Forget watching it on the TV.

Well R. Scott did something better than Prometheus I guess. First the name, Mark W is not a Martian, he's from earth. Next up, the sky and the clouds, no go, no such on Mars. Looks a lot like Utah.Turn around a massive spacecraft, piece of cake (not)...Chinese featured but why didn't they send a crew member or 2 to help/relieve one or 2 of NASA's crew members?Then the best of all: why have huge expensive buildings/walls/pressurized hatches when a bit of plastic from Home Depot and duct tape will keep the atmosphere and heat in? Heck I can't even do that on earth! I doubt duct tape works at -60C temperatures. So apparently all they had to do was send a bunch of North Face tents that survive fierce winds on Mt. Everest and a Tesla with some solar panels and knobby tires.Then the other Mars escape vehicle is fine and standing even though the first ARES craft couldn't stand up and almost tipped over. Gee, ever heard of support braces? A few 2X4's would have done wonders with the Home Depot order of plastic.Hey kids, space is dangerous, (final scene), gee, We needed someone who survived Mars to tell them that? Guess they haven't heard about the Internet yet?The only Mars movie that seems to be close to reality is "Red Planet", watch it if you can.

I'd heard nothing but great things about this film beforehand. After seeing it, my verdict is "Good, but far from great." It certainly keeps your attention, and is an interesting mix of science fiction, survival tale, thriller-diller, and political intrigue. What it shows about NASA's dilemmas in how/when they tell the public what is happening, how they assess the respective risks in their various options, and so forth is pretty convincing. Still, I have to wonder if NASA would really go to all this expense and trouble in trying to save one person whose odds of survival are stacked this high against him.A few other random points: *Some breath-taking Martian and outer space scenery. I would have liked more in this department, particularly on Mars-in-general, but I suppose that one of the film's strengths is that it doesn't try too hard to bedazzle us. The primary mission here is to show one fellow's fight to survive in a distant and hostile environment.*Some real surprises and turnabouts which, particularly toward the end, descend into yeah-right unlikelihoods and too-easies. Many people, it seems, would rather have big stretches and reaches than boring predictabilities, and the whole story is, of course, pretty unlikely, though not impossible. Nevertheless, the makers of this film could have tried a little harder in several key places.*Though I've never been a huge Matt Damon fan, those who are should enjoy his performance as marooned exobotanist Mark Watney. Jessica Chastain, Sean Bean, and a couple of others steal the show insofar as acting goes: It's just unfortunate that we don't see more of them. Much of the dialogue, particularly Watney's—"In your FACE, Neil Armstrong!" etc--is rather hokey and not quite as clever as intended.*While I'm a novice in these areas, some of the science and technology here is obviously implausible, and I would guess that most rocket scientists and physicists would find it downright ludicrous in a number of spots.*Last but certainly not least, the zero-g scenes are a lot of fun. Trying to leave the stadium-style theater at the end, I was so marvelously disoriented that I walked UP toward the camera portal instead of DOWN toward the exit. (Yes, I mean this in a good way.)

I have not read the fiction, but the structure is appealing: a survival story with space science authentic details. To me, Gravity is a poet, the Martian movie, well, it is kind of cheesy and mediocre.Not a bad movie, it is still fun to watch if you do not need philosophy or inspiration; I can tell everyone worked hard on making the movie. But somehow the loneliness, fear, despair, danger, the life-on-a-thread situation are not delivered enough. It's not Matt Damon's problem, I do not feel those emotions and elements because of the choices of dialogue of actors, what and how to be presented, and what are not shown in the screenplay and editing. The bigger trouble is, some actors who played NASA staff, rather look like staff in a theme park or a mall. In reality, NASA staff may look like ordinary people, but I just cannot believe some of the actors on that screen are NASA staff. Glad to know that the last scene of Matt Damon was not from the original writer, because it is such a mediocre closure.

I was really looking forward to this film as it had a really good plot that could explore the survival struggle of a human in isolation, loneliness, fear and uncertainty. Unfortunately, the film did not do any of these; we watched a badass who was stuck on Mars get back to earth. Since the very beginning, it felt as if the hero knew he would survive, and the theme of fear and isolation was never explored by the director. In the first half of the film, the only time we see fear is by an explosion of the artificial farm, there is also the potato counting scene when there is a storm. Both of which are extreme, showy ways of introducing fear; however under isolation like that, every moment would be full of uncertainty, and this can be explored without using explosions. It is difficult to explore these emotions with a single character, but that is what the story requires. "Cast Away" does a very good job of this. In Interstellar, one line of Matt Damon very successfully demonstrated this "You don't know how good it feels to see someone's face again."; whereas in The Martian, the whole movie was not able to explore the mental state of the character.I was also expecting to get a better feeling of being space, the dead silence and how small the humans are. This was also not demonstrated well, something which Interstellar did very well, both visually and audio-wise.The movie is not completely bad though; it was funny and the last scene where he meets the crew built up very well with elements of fear and uncertainty. The way he reached the commander was also very breathtaking.In my opinion, the film disrespects the human survival struggle by taking it so lightly, poor job from Ridley Scott. Also note this; the idea of colonizing space is introduced in this movie.

I had huge expectations for The Martian, i just love this kind of movies, and of course the combination of Ridley Scott and an ensemble cast like this is just pure perfection. And it was too bad that the film wasn't in Imax theatres. But, did the film meet my expectations? Well, it sure did!The film has this feeling, a feeling so unique that it's like nothing i have ever seen, and it's definitely one of the most addictive films i ever saw. From the very first frame, it grabs you with such a force it never lets you go, even when you leave the theatre. It just stays with you. And its impossible to take your eyes off the screen. The story is just perfect, the setting is unique, the cast is beyond perfect, and i don't know if this can be a spoiler but if it is, **WARNING** SPOILER AHEAD: Sean Bean doesn't die on this one!I Know, its insane! Obviously Matt Damon shines brighter than the sun in here, but the other actors also shine a lot. And Ridley Scott is in top notch, while i would change some camera shots (as usual in his films) i understand his perspective.Basically this is a film about one man trying to survive in Mars and get back home after it was left there because everyone thought he was dead. And even if we get a lot about the people that are trying to get him back home and a little about his crew that left him there, this is basically a biography about Matt Damon's character, and i really would like to have seen much more of the crew, but i understand what The director and writer did. This film is unique in every way possible, but i guess ultimately what makes him so unique is the main character, because instead of the usual depressing character in this situations (understandably of course!) here, we get an above normal optimistic character that simply put doesn't want to die and deals with problems with an optimistic way that delivers tons of gold comedy. This makes for a much more different narrative, but of course makes the character feel a little off, because it doesn't have those depressed moments, or looks like his suffering with the loneliness or the problems. While i would enjoy some of these moments, or to know a little more about this character, i also understand the goals here.And is here that i think the film should have some more complex emotional moments, that explored more and deeper, some themes and characters. And to me this is why after only one view, that the film isn't perfect, even though i probably will give it a 10 because i think i loved the film so much it makes me forget that.The film has a rushed feeling, that it would be overcomed if the length were bigger, and the ending, particularly, isn't among my favourites because of this. But its nothing that compromises the quality of the film.The production values are just beyond perfect of course, or this wouldn't be a Ridley Scott film. From the hauntingly beautiful visuals, to the insanely realistic production design to the thrilling score, it's just pure perfection!This is one of the most original and unique films ever and it is instantly a favorite, it has such a strong force that you are pulled to its orbit right from the beginning. And it will make you think a lot after you leave the theatre. Thrilling moments abound, comic moments to spare, and plenty of drama makes this one of the best films ever, And is insanely realistic you just forget you are watching a film, and think that this is a documentary about a real life event. What more can you ask?

The Martian is my second favorite book of all time, so I was very worried Hollywood would find some way to mess this up. While they left out plenty from the book, the character of the book was very faithfully interpreted and the movie actually brought me to tears.This might be the only time I've ever seen Hollywood reduce the amount of danger, action, and vulgarity to make a movie that appealed to a younger audience. It's really out of character for Hollywood to downplay an explosion, but hey, the movie is already 2 hours and 21 minutes.Everything about this movie is top notch, from the A-list actors, to the special effects, to the soundtrack, to the directing, to the extras. I'm extremely proud of Matt Damon on this one, since he's been successful enough he could have coasted. Instead, he knocked it out of the park, even becoming visibly emaciated at the appropriate point, which goes to show the level of discipline a true professional really has.Read the book, but don't miss this movie.

I would describe Ridley Scott's THE MARTIAN as "infectiously hopeful". Astronaut Matt Watney, played with irresistible charm by Matt Damon, rarely succumbs to the near hopelessness of his situation. I think he only ever loses his composure twice in entire movie. It's hard not to smile along with him, cheering him on as he proceeds to outsmart the red planet at every turn. Damon finds support in an all-star cast in this bright bit of science fiction, including Jeff Daniels, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jessica Chastain, and more. As you've probably figured out, Damon's Watney is the titular MARTIAN. He is stranded when the Mars mission of which he's a member is forced to abort their expedition and evacuate in the face of an enormous wind storm barreling down on them. Believing him dead as a result of some flying debris, his team launches for home and Watney awakens later, injured and alone. He's a little bummed at first but, almost immediately, he becomes determined to "science the sh*t" out his situation and survive until the arrival of the next Mars mission. To accomplish this, he will need to overcome his limited food supply and the overwhelming odds stacked against him on a planet unsuitable for human life. Meanwhile, those in charge at NASA become aware of Watney's unexpected survival and immediately start crunching the numbers in hopes of determining the fastest, safest means of bringing him home. It's a race against time and Watney will have to use every ounce of his ingenuity if he's to succeed.It's always a nice treat when Hollywood gifts us with some real science fiction. So many "sci-fi" movies anymore have to deal with alien invasions, epic space battles, or fantastical pseudoscience. THE MARTIAN, based on the novel by Andy Weir, makes an effort to be as grounded in reality as possible. Granted, this is still a big budget Hollywood film and there are time and story constraints that won't let it embrace the full extent of the science behind the action but it goes above and beyond most other films of this nature. Seeing as how Watney is alone on Mars, the filmmakers used a series of video journals that Watney keeps for the duration of his stay as a means of delivering a lot of the exposition and the explanations behind what he's trying to accomplish, whether it be establishing communication with Earth or growing potatoes in a blend of Martian soil and human waste. It also gives Damon, as an actor, someone to talk to, even if it's to the imagined future viewer of his video logs. Damon spends the vast majority of his screen time alone in this movie and it's a credit to his charisma and, again, optimistic nature that he pulls it off so well. Throughout the movie, we intercut between Damon with his latest problem and the NASA staff putting together their own plan to save him before his food supplies run out, with Jeff Daniels' NASA director Teddy Sanders given the rough task of preparing a rescue operation under the watchful eye of the public.Sanders and his team have a massive endeavor ahead of them, but at least he's got a great crew of minds behind him. Ejiofor is Vincent Kapoor, seemingly the team's voice of reason and the driving force behind the think tank. Kristen Wigg has a minor role as NASA's public relations officer, and Sean Bean is the mission commander who insists on informing Watney's fellow crewmembers (who are currently en route home to Earth) that he survived. That crew, by the way, consists of Jessica Chastain, Michael Peña, Sebastian Stan, and Kate Mara. I wasn't kidding about the cast; this movie is packed to the brim with talent. Ridley Scott has created his most entertaining movie in years with THE MARTIAN. It's got everything I love: talented cast and crew, an engaging plot, and the aforementioned sci-fi with an emphasis on the science. If I had one problem with the movie (and unfortunately I do) it's the final act where everything I enjoyed about the movie is set aside for a more traditional thrill-ride climax. It was also the only moment in the film where I wish Damon's character would show a little more fear and uncertainty. The plan to get him off Mars in insane (but just insane enough to work, I suppose) and his continued quipping at that point felt inappropriate. But a stumble at the finish line isn't enough to ruin the fun everything that preceded it. As much as THE MARTIAN is great sci-fi, it's also a real good time and that's what's important.

to survive on Mars long enough to be rescued. This was a good movie. Matt Damon is part of a group of astronauts on Mars. A huge storm comes and they must evacuate. Damon is hit by debree, suit punctured, so he is presumed dead and left behind. But the pole that went into him stopped the suit leak and he survived. He must grow food and make the rations last longer. He finds an older satellite and can communicate with earth. NASA comes up with a plan to save him. Of course, things don't go according to the plan. But the crew that left him behind, is brave and does the right thing and they get their guy back.FINAL VERDICT: It's cool to see how a hopeless situation works out. Definite recommend.

These stories of isolated individuals -- "Castaway", "Robinson Crusoe," "Jeremiah Johnson" -- can be difficult to pull off. They can turn banal in a hurry. Poor Thoreau couldn't do a satisfactory job. "First, I felled the small fir, then adzed the bark and trimmed the mesophyllum into rabbits for the lallies." "The Martian" pulls it off with aplomb, helped greatly by a courageously demanding script from screenwriter Drew Goddard. A cornucopia of plaudits to the guy, and to Ridley Scott for doing a fine job with the direction, and to the performers who are all at the top of their game, especially Chiwetel Ejiofor as a member of the team back on planet earth. The climax is about as tense as it gets. The musical score, alas, is generic.The story is pretty well-known by now. Matt Damon is a botanist, part of an exploratory team on Mars, who gets accidentally left behind. He sets about providing a habitat for himself, much in the manner of a test pilot who has run into troubles. As Chuck Yeager has pointed out, the pilot in distress doesn't panic. He just asks, "What do I do next?" It may sound a little boring but it's not. Damon's Martian doesn't despair. He describes exactly what he's doing to a video recording he intends to leave behind as a record if he dies. We are the video recording device. He's pretty chipper throughout. An experiment goes awry and he presents his injured face to the device and says, "Okay. I blew myself up." About a third of the movie deals with the team back on earth and with the crew of the Hermes, the space craft that left Damon behind. The commander of the Hermes is Jessica Chastain, whom I admire a great deal. It's not just that she's attractive because she's less like a typical Hollywood glamour queen and more like the pretty women ahead of you in the supermarket checkout line. She has a strong jaw but her pale presence suggests fragility, as if one of her long bones might break if she slipped and fell down. I grovel in wonderment at her nose. It assumes a normal tangent from the plane of her face but at its very tip it forms an impudent little outward projection.Speaking of tangents, that reminds me. Some viewers might find the dialog a little challenging -- velocity in so many meters per second, escape acceleration, "sols" instead of days, Schroedinger's cats or whatever. It didn't bother me a bit. It all sailed completely over my head in the most satisfying way.

The Martian (2015)*** 1/2 (out of 4) On a mission to Mars a crew of astronauts get caught in a brutal storm when one member, Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is hit with an object and apparently killed. The commander in charge (Jessica Chastain) decide to leave the planet and NASA must announce that Watney has been killed but soon they all discover that he survived. Now Watney must find a way to try and survive on the planet with a lack of food and water.Ridley Scott's THE MARTIAN is an extremely entertaining movie and it's easy to see why it became such a box office hit. The idea of a man being trapped on a different planet and having to decide whether he wants to live or die is such a simple idea and there's no question that Scott knows how to handle drama and tension in space. The film has a very good story to draw you in but I'm not going to lie and say I didn't have any problems with the movie but more on that in a bit.A lot of credit certainly goes to Scott who handles the material extremely well and most importantly is the fact that he makes you believe that this man is actually trapped on Mars. If the viewer thought they were just looking at a set or just some fake CGI then it would pretty much kill the story. By Scott creating a real environment you have no problem believing that you're seeing a man trapped on a planet with his closest help millions of miles away. On a technical level the film contains some wonderful cinematography, a great and rousing score and of course brilliant sound effects and set designs.Damon's excellent performance is another very important factor because we need an actor who we're not only going to believe in the part of a brilliant astronaut but we also must be entertained by him and care for him. Damon certainly makes you believe that he's this brilliant mind and there's no question that his one-man-show is something the actor nails. We get a strong group of supporting players including a very good Chastain plus strong work from Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Kristen Wiig, Kate Mara, Donald Glover and Chiwetel Ejiofor.As I said, I did have some major problems with the film including the fact that it just seems like everything happened way too easily. I understand this is a mainstream movie that couldn't get into great detail because it might confuse or bore the viewer but I just thought the film would have worked even better had it been more realistic. Of course, I'm no space expert so perhaps what happens here is 100% believable. I'd also say that the film is also a tad bit too predictable. Either way, THE MARTIAN is certainly a very good movie.

Space is an endless stretch of deep, unfeeling, obsidian black that swallows up the curious and adventurous and spits them out without remorse. Space is exhilarating, mystifying, and ultimately terrifying - or at least that's what we've been led to believe by space disaster movies. The Martian throws all of that out the window with a wink and a mischievous grin.Set in the near future, 'The Martian' opens on Mars, where a team led by Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain) is wrapping up a month-long space mission. Soon, a fierce sandstorm catches the astronauts out in the open, and they barely make it to the Martian lander that will return them to the orbiting mother ship. But one of them, botanist Mark Watney (Damon), gets hit by a rogue piece of debris. Believing him dead, Lewis has no choice but to take off without him before the storm makes liftoff impossible.But Mark isn't dead. He awakens to a beeping alarm in his helmet telling him he's almost out of air. He struggles out of the sand in which he is half buried and discovers that he has been skewered by a shard of wind-blown metal and barely makes it into the now unoccupied housing module. Meanwhile, back on earth, NASA and the rest of the world are mourning Mark's loss; at least until satellite surveillance of Mars shows signs of activity at the outpost. Faced with the incredible possibility that Mark is alive, the best minds on the planet get to work on an ambitious plan to bring him home before his supplies run out.At this point, The Martian could have become just another grim, white-knuckle-tense space disaster movies. Instead, The Martian does something unexpected. It embraces comedy - balancing knuckle-biting suspense with dollops of humor. It presents Watney as a fairly cocky, genuinely funny, easygoing everyman who just happens to be the only living thing on this entire planet. This big screen adaptation (by Drew Goddard) of Andy Weir's best-seller has just about everything: laughs, thrills, visual splendor and a rousing endorsement of the brotherhood. Ridley Scott directs with nerve and verve, delivering an almost perfect piece of popular filmmaking. Bringing optimism, nerd-itude and a touch of crazy to his character's solo ordeal, Matt Damon is the key to the movie's exuberance. Damon has never seemed more at home than he does here, millions of miles adrift, shouldering the weight of the role with diligent grace. In the face of incredible odds, he ensures Mark Watney remains an endlessly charming protagonist. The rest of the supporting cast also pitches in noteworthy performances.But the Martian's greatest asset is that it remains relentlessly, hopefully human. It takes all the romance out of Mars, but substitutes in its place science, cooperation and perseverance – a fair bargain that results in an intimate sci-fi epic that is smart, spectacular and stirring.

Ridely Scott is back in his masterful elements in this movie, recalling what what made Alien and Blade runner so great, but was not great in Prometheus , and that is captivating and exciting story. How exciting do you think it would be to watch 2 hour 40 mins of a man stranded on Mars? Not very exciting. In gravity we had to watch Sandra bullock bounce around for 1 hours 20 min, which is exactly half of the Martian running time, and it is Martian which felt faster and shorter.The key is the brilliant screenplay of this movie that always keeps the story interesting. When our man(Mat Damon) gets mistaken for dead and left stranded on the red planet by his team. He must use scientific knowledge, training and acumen to survive. This is actually far closer to real science, not your Star Trek "warp-core- manifold" variety. He has to use whatever is at his disposal to grow his own food, produce water and to find ingenious way of calling home. To watch him come up with one ingenious idea after the other is a treat to watch and never too unrealistic, as we repeatedly learn he is good at what he does.Technically, this is a flawless production cinematography, VFX, sound, production design all work. The VFX are seamless and do not draw attention to themselves, making it look as if they really shot the movie on location -- on Mars!This is a Matt Damon vehicle all the way, supported by an competent supporting class, but their characters barely get the screen time to grow. But that is OK, because Matt Damon is so brilliant and deserves an Oscar for making his lonely stay on Mars so entertaining for the viewer.

Is The Martian science fiction or science fact? Well, it's set in the near future, in 2035, so it's not easy to call it science fiction, although it's technically science fiction. It's not entirely science fact either because some of the science on display in The Martian is questionable. What matters, however, is that the film is entertaining and memorable. There's no question that Ridley Scott is one of the best directors working in Hollywood. Prometheus (2012) marked his return to the science fiction genre, and now we have The Martian, which is even better. Prometheus is a visually impressive film that, unfortunately, has a confusing plot, poor characterization, and pacing issues. It was an attempt to repeat the formula of Alien (1979) and maybe even Aliens (1986), with mixed results. The Martian, on the other hand, isn't dark and confusing. It's straight-forward and upbeat. It centers around an astronaut (Matt Damon) who gets stranded on Mars and has to survive. His struggle to get in contact with NASA and to return home is what keeps the film running. I was surprised by how entertaining the film is. Firstly, the characters in The Martian make rational decisions. They're not a bunch of degenerates and fools who run around and get into trouble, like in Prometheus. And the performances from the cast are all solid. Leading man Matt Damon did good work playing Mark Watney, someone who's often funny and hardly ever depressed. Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Sebastian Stan, Aksel Hennie, and Chiwetel Ejiofor are in supporting roles. Secondly, the science that's on display in the film is interesting. Some of what is shown makes viewers think, and wonder what's going to happen. Viewers can actually learn a few things from the film. This is due to the fact that the film is based on Andy Weir's 2011 novel, which was adapted into a screenplay by Drew Goddard. And, of course, The Martian is visually impressive, something that's to be expected from a Ridley Scott film. Some of the scenes set on Mars are stunning. The designs of the suits and vehicles are excellent too. So, The Martian is definitely worth recommending. It's a great example of crowd-pleasing cinema.

The Martian was deemed a comedy by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for the Golden Globe awards. It is definitely one of the most fun Ridley Scott films to date, even if it doesn't reach the sophistication of his films Alien and Blade Runner. This film is definitely not trying to be a comedy, however - it is a drama with a fun tone to it.Contributing to this fun tone is an ensemble made up of actors with great comedic chops such as Kristen Wiig, Donald Glover, and Michael Pena. Matt Damon recording his log while on Mars also proves to be funny throughout most of the movie. His character is great and shows a wide range of personality - he is a smart-aleck and sarcastic when he is optimistic, and he is rightfully ticked off the next moment. In both of these situations Damon plays it so perfectly to come across as funny in both instances.His performance does get more dramatic though. As he spends more and more time on Mars he becomes desperate yet optimistic that he will be rescued. It is also unclear whether Damon had to lose weight for part of the performance, as weight loss in the character was noticeable but seemed almost unnatural upon viewing - heavy chance cgi was involved. Either way, Damon's performance in this film proves to show talent on a wide range of the spectrum.The shots are constructed very well in this film. The editing proves to be interesting as well. A lot of point of view shots are used and are labeled as such - most notably there are shots that represent directly the video log Damon's character is recording, and shots from inside his helmet and over his shoulder are used and labeled along the lines of "suit camera - Watney."There's also a huge focus on technology - most notably screens - in this film as well. It is how NASA must communicate with Watney - first by satellite images, then by a camera on Mars with Watney, then through what is essentially e-mail. When NASA is communicating with other people on Earth the communication is done through the use of screens as well. It is unclear whether this is simply because technology allows for this way to communicate in our day and age, or if this is a commentary on the way we use technology. Or perhaps this is to compare and contrast to Watney's struggles - he is constantly recording video logs, but those logs are not used for communication.In the third act of the film it seems very similar to Apollo 13 since the focus is to help an astronaut come home. Since the struggle is to retrieve a lone survivor rather than to figure how to land on Earth safely, it proves to be more interesting and a lot more complex. Looking over the other great films of 2015, this film is amongst them, but not quite towards the top. This was an unexpectedly really fun movie from Ridley Scott.3.5/4.0

Why am I not surprised to see that there are a lot of negative reviewers for The Martian? Because some people can just not relax and enjoy a movie. Why are they being so critical about it? Because suddenly they are all specialists in physic laws and they can't stand that there are inaccuracies regarding those laws of physics. Really? Can't you just not see it's a sci-fi made for your pleasure. I also know that the whole story would be completely impossible in real life but do I care about that? No because first of all I'm not a scientist, I don't work for Nasa or whatever space project. I just watch a movie to be entertained. And The Martian is entertaining. You hope everything ends well. You do live with the movie. To me that's the essential. Beautiful shots with Matt Damon that proves us again that he is a great actor. So basically if you are not a whiner like some here on IMDb you will probably enjoy the movie like I did.

This film tells the remarkable story of an astronaut stranded on Mars during a space mission. He does everything he can to survive, while the Earth sets up an unprecedented rescue mission to bring him back home safely.Many people say "The Martian" is a very good film, and I do agree after watching it. The plot is simple but it has all the right elements to capture the viewers' hearts. To see Mark survive against all odds is very engaging and touching. In addition, the Herculean efforts to rescue him back to Earth is even more touching because there are almost insurmountable technical difficulties. The risk of failure is so high, that death seems almost certain. That of course brings about an poignant ending, which surely leaves me in tears. I enjoyed watching "The Martian".

But as a time-pass film it's definitely worth a watch. This is Matt Damon's second science-fiction horror film film following Elysium(2013).This film is directed by the highly acclaimed director who is best known for the cult science-fiction horror film film Alien(1979) The film is about a stranded astronaut Mark Watney who is left behind on Mars. The first part of film is about how he manages to stay alive while a rescue mission is planned. Mark Watney is a botanist by profession, and as his food source is dwindling he decides to grow some potatoes in Mars's soil.The second part of the film deals with the planning essential to his rescue. NASA director Theodore "Teddy" Sanders(veteran actor Jeff Daniels) debates whether the lives of Mark's fellow astronauts is worth risking to save one life.Public concern increases as Marks plight is televised back on Earth. Mission commander Melissa Lewis(Jessica Chastain) deliberately disobeys her orders and plots a course to rescue Mark.Will Mark be rescued or will further disaster ensue? Watch the film to find out what happens next...Verdict: Cast is decent. The photography is by the acclaimed Dariusz Wolski(The Crow 1994, Crimson Tide 1995, A Perfect Murder 1998, Hide and Seek 2005, Prometheus 2012). Harry Gregson-Williams has directed the music for the film. He has worked in films like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Shrek franchise.Supporting actors Sean Bean, Michael Peña, Chiwetel Ejiofor(Amistad 1997, 12 Years a Slave 2013), Benedict Wong and Donald Glover give professional performances.There is one more thing I must mention, earlier I saw The Europa Report(2013) which I consider to be the best modern science fiction film ever made. I sincerely recommend you to see this film in theater, online or through DVD/BLU RAY rental.More films to see: Journey to the Far Side of the Sun a.k.a. Doppelgänger (1969), Mission To Mars(2000), Red Planet(2000), Gravity (2013), The First Men in the Moon (1964) and lastly the superb film based on the true events of Apollo 13 made into a 1995 film directed by the acclaimed Ron Howard.Thank you for reading my review, live long and prosper.

(68%) A well made space survival adventure that mixes Apollo 13, Castaway and Interstellar in a very watchable treat that marks a lighter entry into Ridley Scott's filmography. The pacing is sharp, the performances from the strong cast are solid and this never becomes anything other than a likable sit. Unlike something such as Castaway the plot is more required to follow both the captive (Matt Damon) and the rest of the cast who's only objective is to try and help rescue him, so there is a fair amount of switching between the two focal points rather than pure Matt Damon in space trying to get by. Without doubt this is a band apart from the lesser films of the year, but I doubt it will top my list mainly because for me it came and went without hardly any lasting impact. So by the end it is enjoyable while it lasts with plenty of heart and entertainment value, but it didn't send as many shock-waves upon me as it did so many others. Nice throwback soundtrack though.

Having read the novel I was eagerly anticipating seeing how they would capture the complex story in a standalone film. Being a space professional I was skeptical that they could present the science and engineering, and make it realistic, without bogging the story down with a lot of exposition.In both aspects the film was a complete success! The novel's major plot points, humor, and humanity translated very well to the screen. The science and engineering were plausible, and nicely balanced by the artistic choices that were made. I thoroughly enjoyed this masterpiece. Kudos to the entire Team that brought "The Martian" to the screen.

Ridley Scott's The Martian is a straight forward, yet visual alluring movie about a man stranded on Mars and the team effort from Earth to bring him home. From the beginning, it gets straight to the plot and beautifully illustrates Mark Whatney's long, arduous and painstaking tale of survival and the NASA/JPL's (with some help) persistent and tireless team effort to bring him home. Ridley Scott directs the film with beautiful storytelling and stunning visuals. The plot does not meander and the scenery and visual effects are exemplary. Mars looks and feels real and the satellite imagery is used appropriately. The humor is intoxicating and keeps the audience entertained. Most importantly the human determination and strong spirit is the key to the film's success. We all aspire to be the best we want to be and when we run into trouble, we should always try to remain hopeful of the situation and never ever give up. An excellent cast consisting of comedic actors like Kristen Wiig, reliable character actors like Jeff Daniels and Michael Peña (the former who doesn't let his character become a caricature and brings a bit of Gregg Popovich in him and the latter who is great as always), Marvel characters like Kate Mara and Sebastian Stan, new names that some of the audience may have never heard before like Aksel Hennie, Benedict Wong, McKenzie Davis and Donald Glover and those in the background elevate the film from being an ordinary film. Jessica Chastain is wonderful as the commanding officer, portraying her character's reactions with great naturalism. Sean Bean is a delight as the Flight Director who eschews PR distractions by using his practicality and common sense to bring the crew home.But the film belongs to Matt Damon and Chiwetel Ejiofor. Damon is brilliant as the main character Whatney who tries to do the best he can to survive on Mars. Each aspect of his acting does not feel forced and his deadpan is hilarious. Most importantly his will to live drives the film and we feel as if we are with him and we want him to return home. He can add this performance to his personal top 5. In my opinion, Ejiofor is at the peak of his acting prowess and he is fantastic as Vincent Kapoor who is deeply involved about the fate of the crew and will do anything it takes to bring them home. He is to be lauded for making Kapoor a strong willed humanist who is compassionate to everyone and views them as equals and simultaneously as a no nonsense engineer who wants things done at the best of their capabilities in order to save life. To him like Ed Harris's portrayal of Gene Kranz in Apollo 13, failure is and will not be an option. Background music is good, but the 70s soundtrack is even better much to the annoyance of Whatney.Overall, this movie with its simple storyline, arresting visuals, and excellent ensemble led Damon and Ejiofor with honorable mentions to Chastain and Bean is something to experience. Most importantly, the human determination and spirit is the most memorable aspect of the movie and will linger with you as you leave the theater.9/10

(Full disclosure: I was a little torked during the movie due to drinking a whole flask of bourbon rather quickly, but with some popcorn.)It's hard to watch a movie like The Martian without trying to put yourself in the hero's shoes. I've read some studies about total isolation suggesting everyone goes crazy without some meaningful human interaction. I know people have lived hermetic lives in deserts, so clearly someone with enough mental composure could survive alone for a couple of years, even if being unable to "science the sh*t" out of anything in particular. My first reaction to solitude for the first time in months would've been to engage in a masturbatory marathon, but our hero instead spends time thinking about mundane projects like trying to grow enough food to survive until he can be rescued.Our hero is Mark Watney. He's a hero because he gets hit by some space stuff and everyone else on his team does the French goodbye. I have a hard time hearing "Watney" without reminiscing over Watney's Cream Stout, but I did have trusty bourbon at hand. The Martian imagery surely recalls Prometheus, especially the scenes involving roving around in rovers. However, we get horrible running jokes about (bad) disco music, which differentiates it wildly from Prometheus. There's nothing predator gross or alien scary running around Mars (this time).It's a triumph of the spirit (will, even, if you will), slightly jingoistic and Americanly exceptionalist, until NASA needs help from China. Instead of the annoying just-in-time saves we see all too often in disaster films, the Martian is riddled with just-in-time disasters, much like every episode of Gilligan's Island (except I'm pretty sure there was some later TV movie where they get off the island or go back and start a hotel with the Harlem Globetrotters). The movie is too long, I didn't care whether they saved our hero, and the special effects of space movies still have yet to outperform 1968's 2001: A Space Odyssey.The good: The Martian reminds us that Sean Bean should be in every movie, Matt Damon is in too many movies, and Kristen Wiig can adequately do non-comedy. Michael Peña survives without being too campy or loud, and Jeff Daniels can cash a check with the best of them. Impressively, this might be the first movie I've seen all year that is pro-science.

We viewed this on DVD from our public library. Picture and sound are first-rate.The premise is somewhere in the 2030s we have advanced our space exploration to successful missions to Mars. While one is underway a large, unforecast storm comes up on Mars requiring the crew of 6 to cut the mission short and use the escape rocket to blast off and rendezvous with the main space ship orbiting Mars. But one of the crew, Mark Watney, is hit by a large object and carried away, injured and out of communications. Reluctantly they have to blast off without him after a short search was futile. Mark was presumed dead.But Matt Damon as Mark Watney didn't give up so easily, he managed to get himself to a base station and using medical tools and staples repaired his wounds and set about trying to figure out how to survive with limited resources. Fortunately with rations for 6 he was able to make food stretch, and as a Botanist even came up with a method to make water and, using his own waste as fertilizer, used a Thanksgiving package of potatoes to grow potatoes in a chamber converted to a greenhouse of sorts.So much of the movie is about Mark's survival, plus his figuring out a way, using old abandoned Mars exploration robots, to communicate with NASA. The real hard part becomes how to plan and carry out a rescue mission. Mars is far away, it takes a long time, he has limited time to survive.The cast is varied and good, with Jessica Chastain as Melissa Lewis, the commander of the mission. Kristen Wiig in a serious role as a NASA communications officer, Jeff Daniels as Teddy Sanders, the NASA chief, Michael Peña as Rick Martinez, the pilot for the mission, Kate Mara as one of the crew, a computer expert, Beth Johanssen, among others.This is a really good and entertaining movie. It is a serious subject but is treated with appropriate humor. EDIT: I re-watched it 8 days later and enjoyed it as much the second time!SPOILERS: When the first rescue approach failed in a faulty rocket launch, a young data nerd calculated, using NASA's super computer, that the crew on their way back to Earth could accelerate and using the Earth slingshot return to Mars, but it would require a risky capture of a re-supply module and a never-rehearsed module take-off from Mars to try to capture Watney in a Mars fly-by. NASA said no to the risk but the crew decided on their own to try the rescue. That whole last scene was very tense and of course it was a success.

Hollow, empty, superficial and without honor. Like an 80s feel good buddy movie, with disco instead of Motown, Damon instead of Julia Roberts. And instead of cracking predictable jokes and laugh lines with his buddy....we have a diary cam. So convenient to move the plot along. It's amazing to me how people don't understand when the plot is being telegraphed to the audience through contrivances -- we're not in the hands of a talented screenwriter. This can be conveyed through action and subtlety i.e. Hanks on the island. Or though clumsy exposition and cardboard characters designed to move the plot forward and explain things to the audience the other characters would already know.Forget all the implausibilities -- I am not a scientist. I just want a good compelling story about a man trying to survive. Instead, it has the tone and depth of a Friends episode. That this averages over 8 stars has not only lowers my faith In IMDb -- I had to shut it off after an hour -- but in Americans, and humanity as a hole. Have you people lost your minds. This is rubbish.

This about astronaut , Mark Watney , who is left stranded on the Mars after an accident , presumed dead and his fight to survive and ultimately be rescued. Having finally got around seeing The Martian I have to say I was left completely underwhelmed with what I saw. It's absolutely packed full of technical jargon that my eyes glassed over after a while . It's way too long and I was expecting a career defining performance from Matt Damon , having seen other reviews , but it was just Matt Damon being Matt Damon. Nothing new. There is also one of the worst bits of casting I have seen in years and that is Sean Bean as Mitch Henderson . He looks and sounds so out of place , in fact he stumbles through the film looking like he is suffering a massive hangover. This film was definitely not out of this world.

This film lived up nicely to all the pre-release hype. Matt Damon is stranded on Mars when he's blown away by a Martian windstorm and presumed dead, and the expedition has to abort the mission. But he survived, and fixes his injuries, grows potatoes originally intended as a Thanksgiving treat, burns thruster fuel to create water, uses human wastes as fertilizer (for some reason, only his own) and recovers an old Mars lander to improvise communications with Earth. There are a few scientific quibbles. Martian windstorms are just not that powerful since the air is only 1/1000 as dense as earth's. It seems unlikely that the habitat wouldn't have its own communications with Earth, or at least the ability to communicate through the fleet of satellites orbiting Mars. And the ending piles on problems simply for the sake of piling them on. Really, instead of blowing off one end of the rescue ship to generate thrust to slow down, why not just turn and use the thrusters? That way the whole ship is habitable for the return trip instead of just a few cut-off modules. Matt Damon certainly delivers an effective recruiting pitch for NASA, though Jessica Chastain "swimming" in zero-g gives him worthy competition. At a time when many people don't consider characters interesting unless they manifest at least half the conditions in DSM-V, some unapologetic rational behavior is a breath of fresh air. Competence porn? Bring it on.

Excellent movie!!! We were so inspired that we wrote a song called "The Martian". Check it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XudsbrPqk0k Matt Daimon is a brilliant actor. I think he looks like Garik Kharlamov in this movie. His jokes are awesome. We would be happy if someone will write such jokes for our sketches. How does it feel to be forlorn instead? And everyone gave you up for dead And when you lay unconscious injured badly With thready pulse your life is fading Red Planet's dead And only rusty rocks And kilometers of dust These cold nights make you mad Dare to go out for a walk Get lost in Melas and Candor No life, no hope to No one to talk to The dream of seclusion Became a delusion You cling to life and This makes you fight now You keep on mind Someone could save your life Sol after sol you keep fixing things To rebuild your life from misery And everything is under your control And there's a chance to win this battle with Mars Red Planet's dead And only rusty rocks And kilometers of dust These cold nights make you mad Dare to go out for a walk Get lost in Melas and Candor No life, no hope to No one to talk to The dream of seclusion Became a delusion You cling to life and This makes you fight now You keep on mind Someone could save your life

I don't like sci-fi films that much, but these days we have films, which what I thought to have a good combination of creativity and realism such that they are too good to ignore. Both "Gravity" and "Interstellar" have been considered iconic films in this genre, and this year, we have another one, albeit not as iconic, under the title of "The Martian". Although it doesn't have the technical novelty in the same degree as that of "Gravity" or the edgy plot that we have encountered in "Interstellar"; nonetheless, "The Martian" manages to be as amazing. The plot is simple, but yet we are treated with a good, if not impressive, execution of the simple and subtle things in the story. It is simple yet brainy. The story basically deals with the humanity's way of solving problems in order to survive. Solve the bigger problem by decomposing it into smaller problems, and then solve them one by one until you have solved enough problems that will probably enable you to survive.It revolves around a scientific expedition to Mars, which was unfortunately hampered by the inaccurately predicted Martian storm. That storm was strong enough to destroy their launch pad, and this forced the crew to leave the Martian research unit. However, during the untimely evacuation, a crew member was hit by debris and was left behind. He was presumed dead, but was later discovered alive through the satellite images received by the Earth. The surviving crew was already on their journey back home when they learned that he was still alive. However, they were facing a difficult logistics problem for his rescue, given the expensive space mission and the distance between Earth and Mars. It would take at least a year at best for a supply or rescue to reach the planet, and perhaps, by that time Mark Watney was already dead.The film focuses on the survival efforts - sounds tedious and depressing for a film to depict - but like the case of other great films, the journey was rather engaging and enjoyable, kudos to the performance of Matt Damon as Mark Watney and the achievement by Ridley Scott as director. Furthermore, the experience was enhanced by the excellent use of visual effects and music. Although, the approach can be considered minimalist, the thrills brought by this film are satisfying. I found the survival process in itself enjoyable, and what makes it even more interesting is that it is not all about the efforts of one man alone, but also the efforts of the people in the Earth to bring Mark Watney back home alive. Matt Damon was surrounded by a compelling supporting cast (to name a few: Jessica Chastain, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jeff Daniels), and of course a compelling combination of different subject matters: astrophysics, rocket science, botany, chemistry, mathematics, and supercomputers. However, for those who expect a big dose of action and emotions, they may rather find this film disappointing or a bit unfulfilling. There are lots of powerful scenes wherein the director should have managed to bring the experience into full blast but rather chose to "soft-pedal" them. Not bad though, but I thought it could have been more amazing. Moreover, the first two-thirds of the film tried to avoid the cliché often associated with films under this genre, but unfortunately it sort of fell to the "Hollywoodish" formula in the end, e.g. the scene with the big crowd in the New York Times Square. However, I still say it was an amazing film. This is one of Ridley Scott's best, and I wouldn't be surprised if it gets a lot of attention in the awards season.

The Martian was a very highly anticipated movie and i believe that it has truly lived up to its hype - well at least for me.The storyline is just plain awesome- only made better by funny one liners and superb acting. It is both a visual and technical masterpiece which one can watch again and again. I honestly did not find a flaw that bothered me in the movie was left amazed by what i had seen. It was a very exciting two hours(and 20 minutes or so for me) and i will recommend this movie to anyone reading this review. The movie on the whole is not the best movie ever types but it is a movie that will leave you satisfied and content. The acting does complement the movie well to some extent and the movie(in my opinion) is a worthy successor to the book.

This is one of the more memorable movies I have seen, in some ways it is very hard to describe how good I felt it was. Matt Damon shows what I always thought about him, that he is an intelligent actor able to give any role that special touch. He is playing a very intelligent character and he does it seamlessly. He also gives the character a sardonic sense of humor, which means this is not cold or pure hard science. Likewise, when he finally interacts with the rest of the crew of his ship, the interplay is what you would expect.The movie is a rare thing, it is a hard science fiction movie that has the human touch, the casting was fantastic and you see the humanity.It has touches of Apollo 13 where the nerds with the pocket protectors and slide rules pull off a miracle, but it also has a lot of the human emotion, humor and at times sadness, that make it real. John Campbell, considered the founder of modern SF, said that science fiction was not about the technology, but about how human beings react to it, and that is the core of this movie. The fact that the technology here is not star wars level, but technology that either does or potentially could exist in the near future, and it makes it come off as something that might happen.It is also nice to see a movie where the heroes are not all white nerdy guys, plenty of those, but plenty of other people, the mission is commanded by a woman, women play major roles, and you have a lot of non white people as scientists and such. I think that helps give the feeling of awe the movie generated in me, that it was a mish mash of people working to have this happen. The movie is long, yet it didn't seem like that, and where you have a movie where a single character is on the screen most of the time and it doesn't drag, that says something. The filming is well done, and this has elements of a lot of Ridley Scott's work, though I personally think it is his masterpiece, if this is his last movie it is a doozie.

The Martian is a dyed-in-the-wool Hollywood movie of a grand space adventure. The movie's screen-writing and direction is, true to its subject, like an optimized space-craft, which has exactly those components it requires for its singular objective and absolutely nothing else. The objective of 'The Martian' is to be a good family sci-fi space adventure, following in footsteps of E.T. The Extra Terrestrial, Zathura: A Space Adventure, etc. , that is specifically targeted at the sense of humor of kids and young teens of this generation. The movie also has elements of nostalgia targeted specifically at the generation of their parents. The Martian serves as a vessel that carries its entertaining feel-good story to its intended audience and does it well, but carries little else for anybody else.It is likely that this movie will disappoint several viewers, not so much because it is inherently bad, but more so because it does nothing to satisfy their expectations. In past decade, many PG and G movies have found massive adult following because movie expected to be for kids have turned out to be remarkably deep and rich in story that appeals to grown-ups. The Martian is totally opposite to this trend, in that, it is a movie expected to be for grown-ups with serious space exploration, marooning, desolation, imminent and impending death, existential crisis, nonchalant bureaucratic space administration - an 'Office Space' in space on a Monday... with car keys missing and presentation document lost! The Martian is 'Office Space' that starts on Friday 4 pm with a bit of issues till 5pm, continues through a balmy weekend with well behaved kids, friendly neighbors, BBQ with BYOB, lots of blue clouds and Sun and ends on Sunday night. There are a few instances of trouble with lighter fluid and getting the BBQ going, but nothing that will erase that smile off your face or place the weekend in any real jeopardy. In the end, the kids learn that getting a BBQ requires some patience, and problems of missing charcoal and pickles can be resolved with an indefatigable cheery disposition and lots of banter with your enormously friendly neighbors. So much so that even the, otherwise ignored, Chinese family in the neighborhood can be invited to join the BBQ. Big things can be accomplished when everyone pitches in and works as a team!Summary: Take your kids and go see this movie as a family in a theater near you. It's good entertainment and inspiration for kids. Every generation of kids should have a movie that inspires them to dream of becoming an astronaut someday. The Martian does this well. Others may want to skip this one or watch it on BluRay on a slow evening.

Was expecting much more from the second part. I found myself in moment where I was thinking the last 10 minutes could have easily summed up in 2 and not get me bored. Some of the lines are quite lame and crossing a line. I know it's a movie but show some respect for the people that actually risked their live in the space. "In your face N. A.? " really??!! They just couldn't come up with anything else but this lame disrespectful phrase? How can you even compare the main character with the mane that made history? Not taking in consideration scenes where cuts don't sync. Like for ex the scene where he miraculously find the exact spot where an old communication device is buried. And then minutes after the top of device is like 1m above ground. Did he excavated all Mars surface?Not worthy of a cinema ticket. Disappointed with the story line. Matt's performance is not that great either.

A 3D-screening of the Sci-Fi picture of the year, after GRAVITY (2013), INTERSTELLAR (2014), the momentum of the hard science fiction sub-genre is going pretty strong, and for director Ridley Scott, whose career is badly in need of a revival, THE MARTIAN proves to be a timely global hit to his succour, a return to his most competent genre, and brings him out of his career nadir after THE COUNSELOR (2013) and EXODUS: GODS AND KINGS (2014).As its movie posters plainly assert, the film is about to bring Matt Damon's botanist Mark Watney back to earth after being left alone on Mars by his crew, since they presume he is dead during an unexpected storm during their mission. Based on Andy Weir's scientifically specific source novel and with the official support of NASA, the film adopts a more down-to-earth method to tell the story as realistic as possible, at least meets the basic criterion of today's scientific level.There are two parallel story lines at first, one is on Mars, concerning, the only man (might not be the only living creature thanks to the recent discovery of water) on a foreign planet, completely alone and how he strives to survive, fortunately he can avail himself of his professional know- how to successfully cultivate potatoes on the Mars' soil (which might not be realistic, then again, no one has ever been to the Mars, so everything can be ascribed to the imagination license) and produce water. Meanwhile, he is seeking a way to contact NASA, to let the earthlings know he is stranded, in hope of a rescue mission. And beyond our imagination, he manages to do that too, through the defunct Pathfinder, the roving probe launched on Mars in 1996. On earth, the narrative is centred on Teddy (Daniels), the Director of NASA, Vincent Kapoor (Ejiofor), the director of Mars mission, once they realise Matt's quandary, how they creatively sustain the communication with Mark and collect their wits to a rescue plan.But odds are not in favour of Mark, after a failing launch of a space probe aiming to resupply him for sustain until the next mission, and an airlock disaster destroys all his plants, a third party enters the picture, as the only hope is hinged on Hermes, the spacecraft on its way back from Mars to Earth with Matt's fellow astronauts, lead by captain Lewis (Chastain, a female captain!!), Hermes must extend its mission by another year in space, and firstly it must receive a booster proffered by CNSA (China National Space Administration) on the earth orbit, to resupply the Hermes, so they can return to Mars and get Mark back, and But if you expect some discord among its crew members, you will be disappointed, they are as united as ever, to risk their own life for the risky expedition. This is the final attempt, which unfortunately evolves into a public stunt not just for NASA, for America, but for the whole human race, to affirm that every one and single life counts, as in reality, we know it is not the truth.The film doesn't flaunt its visual grandeur, on the contrary, everything seems subdued for its accuracy, or at least verisimilitude, only the final rescue paragraph, propels us for an adrenalin drive like a less compelling re-take of Sandra Bullock's space yank-and-tossing with George Clooney in GRAVITY, but to an uplifting upshot.Matt Damon delivers a substantially absorbing one-man-show, generates optimism and gives wisecracks through a series of video logs, not an Oscar-bait performance but if he can get a filler nomination for INVICTUS (2009), it means nothing is impossible for him. Considering Mark's situation, facing his despair and loneliness in a lone planet, the most probable denouement is dying there alone, 220,000,000 km from home, his mental journey is short- changed nevertheless, since the film contends to be a satisfactory tale of a man-made wonder, it is understandable they try to whitewash the sombre facet of the ordeal. All the supporting roles are portrayed level-headedly through their professions other than 3-dimensional characters, a guilt-driven Chastain could have been a potential scene-stealer, but that never gonna happen and her crew is too harmonious to allow the captain to risk any emotional turbulence.Fairly speaking, THE MARTIAN is less visually-innovate than GRAVITY and less theoretically- sophisticated than INTERSTELLAR, but for a Ridley Scott's vehicle, it hearteningly reaffirms us that sitting at the age of 78, he is not ready for retirement yet. The film is extremely audience- friendly, roundly constructed, and most admirably, with no calculation to cater to audience's rapacious appetite of hollow special effects.

Once you want to go for a movie, which's evry part is realistic you gotta stick to that.This film might be realistic enough for a tipical dumb American, but anybody who has a little clue about cosmic radiation,or at least physics would laugh while watching this movie.From the beginning to the end.The story had a huge potential,yet this " 'muricanization" ruined it completely.And when I say muricanization, I think of it like a "okay lets make this film watchable for the dumb people of the USA" who would even ask each other after the film if it was based on a true story.Well Ridley Scott, if this was the plan, you succeeded, but for anybody who literally has some logic and seen/read some stuff about what would it really be like in the space or on the surface of Mars is just laughing at your "masterpiece". It doesn't even take a scientist to know about the micro meteors hitting the Mars constantly,but no problem, Matt Damon will just cover the station's entrance with a plastic bag. Give me back my money.

I really do not care what the movie is about, if Ridley Scott is directing, I want to see it. I mean, how cool is it to be able to go to a movie theater and watch a movie directed by the guy who made Alien, Blade Runner and Gladiator? It's so awesome. The problem is Ridley Scott has been inconsistent over the years, with some less great films, like Exodus: Gods and Kings. I am happy to say, however, the Martian will probably be another Scott classic.The Martian is a very intriguing and smart movie, the cinematography is absolutely stunning and I have no idea where they shot the movie, but one could actually believe they are on Mars. The desert wastelands are just breathtaking. The movie is also very funny, surprisingly and features great performances by a huge cast, especially Matt Damon, who is just awesome in this. Chiwetel Ejiofor is also great, Jeff Daniels, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Sean Bean and others do a great job as well.I love movies like this that incorporate real science into the plot, but it also makes it clear to the audience what it all means. It's a great way to make the plot of the movie believable and it worked great in the Martian.Now, there are flaws in the movie, particularly for me it was the pacing. Every single Matt Damon scene is great, the movie feels like Castaway on Mars, and I loved that. But sometimes the focus shifts to the people on Earth and NASA trying to solve the problem and bring Damon's character Mark Watney home. I understand the things that happen on Earth have to be explained in order for the movie to make sense. However, the pacing of the movie slows down a lot and we get to see less of Watney's epic quest for survival. Some sequences towards the end feel slow because of this and there is a very long stretch in the movie that doesn't even show the main character of the film. Once you've established who the hero in the movie is, well, we should be able to follow him in his character ark. And the movie doesn't really let us do this, because it shifts focus so many times.Despite its flaws, The Martian looks great, the effects are pretty good, the cinematography is beautiful and the acting is solid. I didn't particularly enjoy that much of the sequences on Earth, but they were necessary. The Martian, I believe and hope, will be regarded in the future as a very funny Ridley Scott classic.

I did not watch Interstellar at the cinema last year, and I was very impressed by that movie on BLURAY.So I wen't day1 at the cinema to watch The Martian, but I'm not that happy.They are some good idea's and a little bit of jokes, but overall the film is too slow and far from emotional compared to Interstellar.Also, the music and sound FX are terrible. Not very recommended.If you did not watch the interstellar movie yet, better watch that one first !Interstellar is much deeper, makes you cry, makes your brain jumping of the discovery and experiences.Hans music is really fantastic in interstellar.

Beyond the spaceship duels and friendly/unfriendly human/alien encounters, outer space films like the "Star Wars" and "Star Trek" franchises (and even TV's "Futurama") draw their appeal from their confident assurance that someday humanity will not just "conquer" space, it will make it so comfortable and familiar that visiting a new planet will be as easy as taking a walk to the neighborhood grocery store. Perhaps, but that hope is at least decades away. Right now, even now, outer space is cold, dark, and above all, so vast that even visiting a relatively close planet like Mars takes an average of four years. And even when you get to Mars, it's barely more hospitable than the moon. "The Martian"'s (hereafter "Martian) protagonist, space botanist Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is absolutely right when he states "Space Does Not Cooperate". This becomes a problem when he is stranded alone on Mars like an interplanetary "Robinson Crusoe" (somewhat reminiscent of the 1964 film).Mark is part of the Ares III team also consisting of Commander Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain) and astronauts Rick Martinez (Michael Peña), Beth Johanssen (Kate Mara), Chris Beck (Sebastian Stan), and Alex Vogel (Aksel Hennie). While the Ares III team explores Mars, a blinding particle storm forces them to abort their mission and board their ship. The storm violently separates Mark from the rest of the crew who are forced to leave without him, believing Mark dead. The crew is so convinced he's dead that when they communicate that fact to NASA head Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels), he almost immediately arranges an honorary funeral for him.Of course, rumors of Mark's death are premature. Buried in sand, losing oxygen, and suffering a puncture wound, Mark is nevertheless alive. He manages to struggle back to the still-standing planet base, replenish air, equalize pressure, and treat his wound as best he can. However, the obstacles to his survival are just piling up. Can Mark fight Martian weather, radiation, cold, starvation, dehydration, and boredom at least long enough to somehow contact NASA to let them know he's alive, and then stay alive even longer for NASA to mount a rescue mission? Again, given that a one-way Earth-to-Mars trip takes four years, that's a daunting challenge.Meanwhile, back on Earth, Teddy, NASA spokesperson Annie Montrose (Kristen Wiig), and NASA mission directors Vincent Kapoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Mitch Henderson (Sean Bean) have their own challenges, both urgent and mundane. Besides naturally getting Mitch home safely, Teddy and his team must negotiate the usual treacherous PR protocol to make sure that Mark's inadvertent abandonment does not embarrass, discredit, and eventually defund NASA. And meanwhile, back on Ares III heading back to Earth, the crew, especially guilt- ridden Commander Lewis, must decide, once NASA finally informs them, whether to continue home or return to rescue Mark, depending not only on whether they have enough fuel to do one or the other, but also on coordinating ship/Mars trajectory just right to get Mark.And so "Martian" oscillates among these three scenarios and dilemmas and manages, in my opinion, to do it without boring and, if you'll excuse the expression, alienating the audience. How can a space movie without aliens (even Marvin), laser weapons, or aerial combat hope to do this? I think "Martian" succeeds in this by being more knowledgeable than its audience, but in a way that instructs the audience without talking down to them. The movie explains many astrophysical, mechanical, and chemical concepts (including a crucial "slingshot" maneuver) that help keep the movie going forward and the audience invested in the characters' fates. It certainly helps that Damon's character Mark, in his daily video journal of his ordeals, explains much of this scientific stuff in largely (and often laugh-out-loud profane) layperson's terms.Furthermore, "Martian" reminds us that no national organization has a monopoly on knowledge. When NASA's attempt to send supplies in a booster rocket explodes into failure, they willingly ignore political tensions to contact chief scientist Guo Ming (Eddy Ko) and deputy chief scientist Zhu Tao (Chen Shu) at Chinese counterpart Chinese National Space Agency (CNSA) to help stabilize the payload. Ah, science rejects borders and embraces diversity. Finally, "Martian" uses science to ratchet up the intense suspense as Ares III does decide to go back to get Mark by plotting a trajectory and spacewalk, while Mark plots a rendezvous point and prepares a lightened space capsule and "spacesuit propulsion" system to hopefully get close enough to Ares III to grab him before his oxygen runs out."Martian"'s intelligence also complements the convincing special effects, believably fallible but professional and determined characters (especially Mark), and the realistic depiction of the problems and triumphs of space agency bureaucracy and more importantly space exploration to make an absorbing and involving movie. Not least, "Martian" succeeds because it respects human intelligence and persistence so much, it convinces us that humanity will eventually surmount space's often deadly "uncooperativeness".P.S.: I saw this movie in the theater in 3D? Does 3D enhance the experience? In my opinion, it does to a slight degree, in the depiction of the Martian sandstorms and the flying spaceships. Yet, I felt it was largely unnecessary. Space's grandeur and infinite mystery come through even without the extra dimension.P.P.S.: I especially appreciated how Mark explained how planting crops (like potatoes on Mars) in a new land effectively colonizes that land, and how the distinction between international law and maritime law technically made him a "space pirate". Arrrrgh!

Ridley Scott has not crafted a good film in years. This latest installment is unfortunately no exception to this pattern.Taking a broader perspective on Scott's career as a director, one can easily see that he loves to depict a humble protagonist, one who displays nobility of heart, stands up for his/her beliefs and has a moral struggle but tends to choose the "right path" even if it is the harder one. I do not mean to say that path is necessarily morally sound from a viewer's perspective, or even from Scott's perspective, but instead it is "right" for that character and what they believe is right. Scott is quite practiced at this kind of character, as he's done it in several films: American Gangster, Exodus: Gods and Kings, Gladiator, Robin Hood, Body of Lies, and Kingdom of Heaven, to name a few.In this film, The Martian, Scott attempts to break away from this formula a little bit. We are still centered around one main protagonist who is struggling, but not morally - instead, for his own survival. There's no hard choice to make, no pros and cons to weigh; he is simply fighting for his survival and has to face the reality that he may not get out of it at all and end up dead on Mars.At first I was relieved that finally Scott is trying something else, as his last several films have been formulaic and tiresome. I was even looking forward a bit to seeing what he would do with such a film. But this film brings almost nothing to the table, almost entirely devoid of substance. It is as if the tried and true formula Ridley Scott is known for is actually all he is capable of as a director. I don't mean to say he should never do anything else, because certainly that formula is getting very tiring. I just mean that it says something disconcerting about his directing when his precious formula is taken away and this is the result: a large forgettable black hole of a film.The struggle of survival is a theme tackled by many films, and I do not attack this film thematically. The theme indeed has the potential to deliver something very powerful, emotional, gripping, something that jibes with the human experience as a whole, something that, even if we cannot relate to directly, we can feel for the character going through it. 127 Hours is a great example of a survival story which was done well. We feel the brutality of the situation; he is broken down to the point of drinking his own urine and eventually his spirit breaks down enough to the point of severing his own limb off. Things actually happen that show the character's suffering, brutal things that justify the extreme action taken.Nothing really happens in this film. The plot is virtually null, and the emotional content is non-existent as well. One would expect a survival story to actually contain a bit of struggle, perhaps even some brutality or exploration of extreme states of the human condition, but this films lacks all of those. Almost right away, since he just so conveniently happens to be a botanist, he figures out a way to grow food, and you fully trusted he would do so given his profession. As for water, there is plenty aboard the station. As a viewer, your comfort level in his biological state is very high; he has plenty of food and water to last him quite a while. So that's taken care of promptly. Secondly, the social factor. Loneliness of that scale can be a powerful cinematic element.to take advantage of, but this is also ruined by the film constantly cutting back to Earth, and then he finds a way to start contacting Earth also. So that is also taken care of. Thirdly, missing his friends and family. That just wasn't ever brought up even one time, so that wasn't taken care of so much as it was entirely absent. All this together shows basically zero struggle. Somehow Scott has managed to make a survival story into a cushy, comfortable ride; I never once doubted or was afraid for his life. I don't state this with revere, this kind of contrast is simply baffling and doesn't make sense whatsoever. There were a few occasions where the film tried to throw in a sense of looming doom, like the food supply would reduce or the situation back on Earth would seem hopeless, but these ultimately felt contrived and were tossed in purely superficially; it definitely didn't fool me any.Right in line with the empty plot, character development is also nil. Our protagonist learns nothing, does not change in any fundamental way, nor does any supporting character. He gets left behind on Mars and gets rescued at the end, going back to normal life afterward. Oh, he starts to teach survivalism in extreme space situations, but this is more of an afterthought than a fundamental character change. Jeff Daniels plays the director of NASA; he honestly could've been completely cut out of the film and no significant difference/loss would've occurred. His role was to be the face to the public, as we constantly see him babbling on and on in press conferences about Damon's current state and what NASA is doing to try to rescue him. In fact, most of the scenes and characters on Earth felt pretty pointless. To some level they were obviously needed, as they are the ones who must rescue him, but that didn't make them enjoyable (not that the Mars scenes were much better).I'm not entirely sure how much can be blamed on the novel the film is based on, as I have not read it, but I do believe a director has full control of a film and if a novel is a bit drab, a director can and should breathe more life into it. I have a hunch the novel is not so bad and it is just that Ridley Scott was assuredly the wrong choice for its adaptation into film. It also might seem appropriate to blame the script writer, Drew Goddard, but the dialogue was not so horrible, aside from the mostly banal attempts at humor - though some lines were funny. While I do not ignore the significant role that source novel material and screenplay have, I'm still placing most responsibility onto Scott's lap. He didn't portray any character change, he didn't use a cinematic eye to communicate any substance.As far as acting goes, nothing is particularly terrible, but not much was required either. As a counterexample, Damon's acting in Interstellar was one of the worst performances to ever appear in motion picture history, but this was because it tried to be a very dramatic scene where he attempts to murder the whole crew. His acting simply wasn't good enough to carry that kind of role, so it came off as simply laughable. This film on the other hand doesn't call for much, so his caliber of acting was just fine for it.All this said, there is one thing Scott shines at that I cannot deny, and it is present here also. He makes watchable films. It's hard to describe precisely what this means, but I'll try. It means a film that is entertaining enough, moves along quickly enough, is not completely laughably awful in every way, never gets too slow or boring - I should point out that this is completely different than a film having substance, which I've already said this film lacks. But it is watchable, I'll give it that. Entertaining enough in a popcorn sense - you don't need to pay attention much, because there's really nothing to pay attention to. This makes it more of a lighter affair, which completely contradicts its theme as I've already pointed out. So yes, I admit The Martian is not entirely boring as you're watching it, but after you watch it, there's nothing much to reflect on or take home.

Firstly, I watched this yesterday and the nearly 2 1/2 hours went past in a instant. Secondly, I have to agree with the previous review about the science but disagree about the one star they gave. My background is arts, not science but even I knew they were talking gibberish most of the time. Here's the minor spoiler. Damon's astronaut doubled the battery life on his "rover", the moon walker thing, despite being a botanist. So, a guy who grows plants can do that, but NASA can't? I didn't bother really with the science.What we do have, is a wonderful story about an astronaut left alone on Mars as he is presumed dead. Leaving aside his Stephen Hawking science, we see his determination to survive despite overwhelming odds. His tenacity and dry humour against insanity and slow death. It could be a one-man show for Damon and he totally steps up to the part. But, we also see the corporate/NASA element back on Earth with strong actors like Sean Bean and Jeff Daniels. Full credit to the actors playing Damon's crew as they return to Earth from Mars.This film doesn't have the obvious signature of Ridley Scott, he just lets his actors get on with it. Oh, the disco music is incongruous and very amusing.Ignore the science, enjoy the movie.

A crew of six astronauts are in the middle of a sample collecting routine on Mars when they are taken by surprise by a massive storm. In their struggle to reach shelter, one of the members gets hit by debris and considered dead. The crew leaves for Earth only to later find out that their colleague is still alive, struggling in a desperate attempt to survive until a rescue mission is sent back to get him.It's a very emotional story of a man, stranded on Mars, which must survive way over his current resources allow, in a desperate hope that someone will hear his cry for help and come to save him. It's very interesting how he manages to overcome many difficulties in order to obtain food and, at the same time, also fix or upgrade his devices, vital for the many days which are to come. It's intriguing, sad, funny and also thrilling, making it addictive to watch most of the time.The main actor does an incredible job in describing the efforts of his character, making the whole plot very credible. As a downside, it is way too long for my taste, especially when the action is very static as it is in this film. You don't get bored but you want to see a bit faster what is the highly expected but predictable finale. It's a very good movie overall, but you have to be a bit patient in order to reach its end.

For a director of the stature of Ridley Scott to allow his prodigious talents to be squandered in such a way is a crime. Is this the same man who brought us "Alien"?? It's as though he HAD to produce a "summer blockbuster" to satisfy his corporate masters, at OUR expense. This movie is nothing but a hodgepodge of clips, gags, and dialogue that he felt necessary to cannabalize from not only his own films, but every, single science fiction piece of CGI trash on the market, just to produce a "marketable product," even rescuing a dour-faced Jeff Daniels from unemployment in order to scowl throughout this entire, useless excuse for a scifi epic. It was as though Scott watched endless reruns of an equally tedious "Gravity" by which to steal yet MORE ideas and plot points so unbelievably ludicrous as to beggar the imagination. But what is even more obvious is Scott's ripping off Bruce Dern's scifi classic, "Silent Running, in 1972, which was the first to explore the "Farmer in Space" theme, 45-years earlier. The only difference is, he did it better. Perhaps a pre-teen could believe this fabricated piece of space junk, but certainly no discerning adult.

A lot of sci-fi is about what's possible, but The Martian is the rarer sci-fi film about what's probable. This is a movie not about fancy effects but about *science.* It's a movie about a smart guy stranded on an alien planet who has to use his considerable knowledge to solve life- or-death problems. The movie makes its science quite interesting; I found myself totally invested in the problems of growing potatoes on Mars or getting a rover to go further than it's supposed to.While Matt Damon is doing his science, a bunch of people on earth are doing their science, and it's just as fascinating. While there are no shootouts or romances, there is some suspense and a good deal of humor, as well as a bit less concern about the probable versus the possible towards the end. When I saw the trailer for this, it didn't interest me; I really only watched it because my girlfriend wanted to (she liked the trailer). But this is a first-rate movie.

This movie is a triumph on almost every level; script, acting, directing, cinematography and special effects are all top notch. It's one of Ridley Scott's best films in years as well as a career high performance from Matt Damon who commands the screen and bring so much charisma and a surprising amount of humor to his character. The story revolves around an astronaut being stuck on Mars and having to fight to stay alive while NASA works to bring him home. The 2 1/2 hour running time goes by almost too fast as the film is full of scenes of intensity, thrills but most of all plenty of laughs. It's an all round crowd pleaser the whole family should enjoy.

I'll start with the obvious: the book is better than the movie. The movie felt like it was shortened down (and it was, a lot was forgone from the book). But, Matt Damon was fantastic his sarcastic smart humor was an integral part of this thriller. Overall I would highly recommend watching it if you are at all interested in space exploration. After reading the book it was nice to see that almost everything depicted in my mind from the narration was brought to life on the screen. Andy Weir did a fantastic job and he put forth the extra effort to make it close to scientifically accurate. He has said himself that when writing it he would review his work and decide if Neil DeGrasse Tyson would approve, and then modify it accordingly. Truly an excellent job.

In this film, the crew of a Mars expedition mistakenly believes that a member of their crew is dead and leaves him behind on the surface of Mars. The marooned astronaut must find a way to let people on Earth know that he is still alive. With limited resources, he is forced to use his ingenuity to find a way to survive long enough to be rescued.This film was reported to have been one of the most scientifically accurate space dramas ever created. Although the depiction of the Martian storm was exaggerated for dramatic effect, the means by which the stranded astronaut survived were based on research. The only question is whether or not an astronaut would have the knowledge to do all of those things without communications with Earth.This film was riveting from start to finish. The notion of an astronaut being able to change his own fortunes through unrelenting hard work was inspiring. The visuals of the Martian setting gave movie goers a realistic feel for what it would be like to be on Mars. The 1970's music used in the film captured the mood of the various scenes perfectly. At times, the movie was uplifting and exhilarating. This was easily one of the best Mars exploration dramas ever made. This was one film which should not be missed. It is highly recommended!

The Martian is an interesting adaptation of the best-selling independent novel of the same name. It is remarkable the job they have made to get really realistic settings and beautiful photography in the movie. Matt Damon plays pretty well the character and is able to keep the rhythm of a movie, that with a less experienced actor would have been impossible.Furthermore the soundtrack and some of the dialogues bring a refreshing tone to a film that otherwise could have suffered from what I call "submarine-movie-syndroma", i.e. being a series of disasters one after another that just end up saturating the viewer.

This is partially a Robinson Crusoe story for 21 century.. A man all by himself trying to survive. Or Castaway in which Tom Hank talks to a pair of ice skating shoes.And partially a repeated story about travel to space. This movie is full of technical errors such as: 1. How do the earth people instantanuously communicate with the Martian when it should take the light about 4 min to get there and 4 min to come back. This seems such a basic error that it makes you wonder if Ridley was in sound mind when he made this movie.2. How does the Martian ( Mat Damon) get a spacecraft and fuel to lift from Mars. Didn't the main space craft rocket leave Mars without him? Maybe they had taken two spacecrafts and twice as much fuel to Mars with them which we know is not true.3. Isn't Mars more hostile then they show in the movie?Etc.

I watched this film last night on TV whilst the Olympic hockey final between GB and Holland was being played. As I became less and less interested in this mess of a film I finished up turning over to see what was happening in the hockey. Hockey is not my favourite sport but it was much more watchable than this "childish" film. I expect in the cinema the special effects were good , but we have seen them before in better films than this.The producers must of thought do the public really want to see another of these space "epics." Maybe not, so we will stuff the film with star celebs who don't say very much,but when they do at least anybody with an IQ over 60 will be able to understand what they are saying. Did anything happen at the end? I was watching the penalty shoot out in the hockey?

Maybe my expectations were too high (I watched this right after coming off Interstellar, which I rather enjoyed) but this movie was completely forgettable. The plot is a standard "save the stranded guy" story reminiscent of Saving Private Ryan but not executed nearly as well. I could see everything coming from a mile away. Predicting what would happen next was more enjoyable than watching the film itself.Matt Damon plays one of Hollywood's favorite tropes, a tough guy who, when placed in a life-threatening situation, would rather crack jokes and make fun of disco music than portray any kind of emotion a person in the same situation would conceivably show. He's unrealistically knowledgeable about stuff outside of his field and shows no real depth. There are no psychological consequences of being abandoned on a completely different planet to him.The rest of his crew are a dull group that I can't even remember for anything other than their unlikely decision to spend a ridiculous amount of time in space away from their families just to save the main character because he is, well, the main character.The science behind the film was also quite unbelievable. Directors stretching things a little for convenience is no problem with me (and a sci-fi film shouldn't be judged solely by its scientific accuracy) but this film had some errors that my nine-year old cousin even noticed.The only thing I have nothing bad to say about are the visuals. The CGI was some real high-quality stuff, and the visuals of Mars were stunning. Like most movies nowadays, it's a piece of mind-numbing eye candy, all surface and no substance. Overall, it's just one more piece of Hollywood media that will be consumed by the masses and be forgotten as soon at the next space flick comes out.

Thought to be dead an astronaut botanist has to live in the dangerous conditions of Mars, relying on his ingenuity to survive until the next mission arrives.Matt Damon doesn't understand why he was reduced to only saying his name in Team America, maybe it's because the makers were being ironic, never more so in The Martian is this highlighted. Under director Ridley Scott's auteur eye Damon shines here as Watney in Drew Goddard's adaptation of Andy Weir's novel. It's tense, humorous and visually rich including planets, Martian landscapes, space crafts and NASA control rooms. It's also smart and thrillingly realistic as they plan rescue attempts and Damon hones Robinson Crusoe on Mars, Grativy, Apollo 13 and the like. The sets, props, costumes and special effects CGI for the most part are excellent the locations both on Earth and the red planet really sell it.The acting is aided by Goddard's credible script. Both Jeff Daniels and Kristen Wiig are notable here in serious roles. Memorable are Sean Bean as Mitch - a mission director, Benedict Wong plays Bruce Ng an engineer of the rockets for the rescue mission and Chiwetel Ejiofor is Vincent, a director and the first person to establish contact with Watney. There plenty of disco tracks as that's all Watney has to listen to, but Harry Gregson-Williams' Martian score is solid. Watney's uses all his skills an intellect, stapling a wound, he rations food and grows his own in seemingly impossible conditions and uses different NASA equipment to aid him. Damon's Watney at times is very witty and you warm to dryness and invest in his survival, rooting for him in his highs and lows. Back on Earth Scott offers digestible politics and PR but there's a positive aspect with countries, individuals and departments working together with each other.Goddard and Weir's offering doesn't contain any sci-fi metaphysical and/or horror tropes with The Martians realism and by default Scott remains focused on a humane elements and visual effects never delving into what made him a household name. It's about human beings tackling problems and the exploration of Mars' barren environment and like similar space disaster movies there's plenty of emotion, even with its long running time it moves along at pace.Overall, if red planet sandstorms, potato growing and space travel is your thing, it's a must.

The Martian seemed like a touch and go movie and it took me a while to check it out, but I was very glad to finally watch it. It was well worth watching The Martian which held my interest from start to finish.The Martian wastes no time kicking off with the Ares III navigating their way on Mars for a mission. The crew members include botanist Mark Watney (Matt Damon), mission commander Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain, Rick Marinez (Michael Pena), Beth Johanssen (Kate Mara), Dr. Chris Beck (Sebastian Stan) and Dr. Alex Vogel (Aksel Hennie). Watney is forced to be left behind after his fellow crew members on Ares III believe that he has been killed in a freak accident on Mars during a sudden dust storm in which they make the decision to evacuate. Later, Watney is found to have survived but his suit's bio monitor has been severely damaged and a piece of antenna has been lodged into his torso. Watney must draw on his knowledge of botany and his own ingenuity to survive on Mars by cultivating food supplies and maintaining his own health, as well as finding a way to communicate back to NASA that he is indeed still alive. Meanwhile back home, NASA administrator Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels), mission director Vincent Kapoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and flight director Mitch Henderson (Sean Bean) must plan a rescue mission to have Mark Watney brought back home.The Martian was an excellent movie from start to finish and Matt Damon proves he still has the right stuff along with the rest of the all star cast. Director Ridley Scott (Blade Runner, Gladiator) still proves that he is still a great director.The Martian is an engaging and fun movie from start to finish, and I had a great time watching it.8/10.

I hesitated long time to buy this DVD. The science fiction movies of nowadays are for almost part done without any great intelligence anymore. But here I was for once completely wrong. The Martian is a very entertaining and clever movie with real elements. I couldn't imagine that this story kept my attention and my wife during all the running time of two hours and a half. Every sequence is well studied in each detail and there were many plots and twists. Matt Damon was magic in his astronaut role and Ridley Scott proofed that he can create other successful films. Finally, I think the most important success key was the delivery of this respectable adaption on other material and a perfectly written screenplay. A rare 8/10 for this must see. Watch it and surprise yourself.

Absolutely 10 out of 10. Not only a real feel good movie but appreciate the great lengths the makers went to keep it as scientifically accurate as they could. Fair enough, artistic licenses had to be taken into account, but without using it, you couldn't have developed a story fitting for the cinema format. Added to that, great characters, brilliant cast, kept a story alive and interesting throughout a potentially off putting subject of science. A great effort at interjecting real science into drama. Not an easy subject to tackle considering so much of it is still unknown. And interestingly, a story developed by a blogger on the urging of fans.

During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. Millions of miles away, NASA and a team of international scientists work to bring "the Martian" home. during his time on mars,he knew it would take NASA 4 more years to reach him so he made water and grew plants on a planet where nothing grows, and he lasted for 31 days. the movie basically shows the ups and down of astronaut Mark Watney during his time on mars.this is without a doubt a great movie especially the plot of the movie is really great additionally the whole movie filmed with GoPro cameras, which helped the audience to watch the movie from mark Watney views.

Poor old NASA, no ones heard a whole lot from them lately. Indeed, it seems the Chinese are getting more attention. Not to worry, The Martian, offers up a few spoonfuls of feel good, cinematic hope, for forlorn US astro-nuts out there. The film presents a very optimistic view of a high tech, future NASA. A NASA populated by super science types, like Matt Daemons character, who can solve all problems and overcome any situation. Even being stranded, Robinson Crusoe style, on planet Mars. This film is over the top but, for all that, quite entertaining. Daemon is his pleasant, laid back, jokery, folksy self, fitting like a homemade spacesuit into this role. What is surprising, is how the writers and director, Ridley Scott, managed to make, what is on the surface, a not so exciting premise, a guy stranded on a barren planet, quite engaging and enjoyable. On that basis, this film is to be commended. That said, this film has, in my opinion, been chronically over hyped, especially in the pre-release marketing and as such, has created an expectation, I feel, it could never really live up to. The Martian is a good film. Its well cast, employs engaging and amusing narrative and surprisingly, given what appears initially, to be, bland material, its never boring. Just keep in mind, its not the super, fantastic, life changing, inspiring, proposition its sold as, either. Seven out of ten from me.

*Spoiler/plot- Martian, 2015. During a maned mission to mars, a dangerous storm causes the mission to be aborted. One member is accidentally left behind, presumed dead. The left man, Mark Watley has many trials to stay alive until a rescue mission arrives. We follow him in his survival actions, plans and daily video logs to NASA.*Special Stars- Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Sean Bean, Kate Mara, Kristien Wiig.*Theme- the human mind can solve most problems. *Trivia/location/goofs- nominated for Oscar award, shot in east Canadian studios, mars planetary scenes shot in Jorden, middle east. Emotion- A dramatic well made one-man show for Ben Aflect. Stunningly planetary visuals that puts you into the scenes with the performers. Some well done humor inserted in the tense scenes to break up the emotional ride. Sad to see that managerial NASA staffers portrayed as clichéd' uncaring, emotionally shallow bureaucrats only counting 'beans'.*Based On- Current Mars mission information and technology.

Review: Now that I have finally got to watch this movie, after listening to all of the hype and seeing loads of footage, I can actually say that it was quite enjoyable but I personally think that Moon was better. I've tried to watch Gravity again but I get bored after the first few minutes, and I've got a funny feeling that, that might happen if I try and watch this movie again. That doesn't mean that it's a bad film, because I did feel the tension throughout the movie but for some unknown reason, I can't see myself sitting down for 2 and a half hours, watching a film were I know what happens at the end. There isn't any outstanding performances, like Sam Rockwell in Moon, and the storyline is very straight laced, until his potato stash becomes contaminated. The film does look great, and so it should with such a big budget, and the crew was a great variation of characters which brought different elements to the team but I still feel that it lacked a certain something, which would have made this film an all time classic. Matt Damon (Mark Watney), played his part well and he made his character feel real, especially when he used his scientific knowledge to stay alive but I still felt a bit empty when the movie finished. Anyway, it's definitely worth a watch, for a tension/drama point of view but I personally was expecting more. Watchable! Round-Up: Is there anything that Matt Damon, 45, can't do! After his brief roles in Mystic Pizza and Field Of Dreams, during the 80's, he first came to light in Courage Under Fire in 1996 after starring in Glory Daze and School Ties alongside his close friend, Ben Affeck. He then played a lawyer with Danny Devito in the Rainmaker but his career really kicked off when he starred and wrote Good Will Hunting with Ben Affeck, and also won an Oscar for Best Writing. Since then, his career has gone from strength to strength and he has the ability to cover any and every genre with ease. The fact that he doesn't take himself to seriously and he treats people with respect, makes him a liked person in Hollywood, and with his return to the Bourne franchise and a movie about the Great Wall of China in the pipeline, proves that he's not one to be type-casted. Its amazing how a free book, from Andy Wear, which eventually went on Amazon for $0.99, became such a blockbusting success. Ridley Scott's amazing attention to detail, made him plant a real potato farm so the audience could see the different stages of growth. He also got detailed information from NASA which was also used in the film, so a lot of the scenes in the film, are not made up. Anyway, I think I would have appreciated the movie more, if I didn't see it so long after its release but with that aside, it's still a well made film which I found quite entertaining.Budget: $108million Worldwide Gross: $630millionI recommend this movie to people who are into their adventure/drama/sci-fi movies starring Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Sean Bean, Kate Mara, Sebastian Stan, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Aksel Hennie. 7/10

I seem to be perhaps the only person in the world who didn't fall in love with Andy Weir's novel "The Martian." In fact, I didn't make it through. Partially I was undone by the heaps of technical detail about how to make dirt, breathable air, etc. on Mars. I appreciated the research that went into it, but it felt more like reading a technical paper than a compelling story. But I was equally turned off by the book's tone, which is really the same thing as the narrator's tone since the part of the book I read is comprised completely of his journal entries. It had that painful quality writing has when the author thinks he's funnier than he is, and the whole cocky "bro" attitude might have been realistic in a character like this (after all, he does have to have the fortitude and the balls to want to eek out an existence on Mars) but doesn't make him any more pleasant to spend time with.For the film, director Ridley Scott, writer Drew Goddard, and actor Matt Damon unfortunately for me but fortunately for the millions of others who enjoyed this story as it was told retain that tone. There's a jokey frat boy quality to virtually every scene that's like nails on a chalkboard, and the detailed realism of the books early chapters gives way to increasingly improbable set pieces that end with one character or another working in a witty quip while the director practically winks at his audience. I can imagine fans of this movie giving each other chest bumps as the credits roll.The film looks marvelous, though, I'll give it that. The effects (at least those on Mars itself) are so seamless that you almost forget they're effects.Grade: B-

The people who watch this film can be classed into two categories: those who have read the book first and those who haven't.I come in the former category and can honestly say that this was a decent adaptation. However, there were three key events that were missed out from the film: where Watney loses communication with NASA after blowing up the comms system with a drill, the dust storm that prevents him recharging his solar panels and when he is approaching his final destination and the Rover runs into some problems with the sand dunes.I've seen enough book-to-film adaptations to know that films ALWAYS miss out stuff and are never a word-for-word adaptation but my befuddlement this time around is that the aforementioned three events provide copious amounts of drama in the book and I would have thought they would have wanted to include them in the film. Maybe a case of Hollywood thinking if too many things go wrong for Watney the cinema-going public would lose hope / roll their eyes?? I think if I hadn't read the book first, I may have found the film a bit boring, especially the first half. The book is definitely more thrilling and it's more exciting to be able to use your own imagination in this setting. So overall a good attempt but needless to say Matt Damon has done much more thrilling stuff.

I wasn't even going to bother watching this because I'm not the biggest fan of the genre but after watching the reference to it as a comedy in the Golden Globes I thought, why not.It's not a comedy, thankfully. Being humorous doesn't mean comedy. It's a really well done piece of work and I have to tip my hat to the casting department for the line-up. They all worked well. However, this is obviously Damon's best role, to date and I get the impression he was quite comfortable to play himself and it seems he might be OK, marooned on Mars.This is nothing like a lot of other generic types, which is why I wasn't going to watch it, originally. Instead it doesn't dwell on morbidity, which lifts the film far beyond my original preconceptions.It runs for 2hr+ but I think they got the timing just about right, whereas they could have turned this into a real yawn and I'm glad they resisted the temptation.All-in-all, a very good film and worth a watch.

During a service mission on Mars astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) finds himself separated from his crew after a fierce storm on Mars. Due to the severity of the storm the crew and personnel at NASA presume that Mark is dead. However, Watney does survive the storm (barely) and must now try to survive on Mars until he is rescued against seemingly impossible odds.Adapted from the novel by Andy Weir The Martian is another 'big' film which uses space as part of its theme and follows in the footsteps of both Gravity and Interstellar (although the Martian is set mostly on Mars as opposed to being set in space itself). I found both Gravity and Interstellar to be impossibly overrated and not particularly engaging story-wise. Therefore I was pleasantly surprised to discover that The Martian is actually a worthy entry in the science fiction genre.OK so the concept of one man surviving against the odds isn't particularly ground-breaking or original but sometimes putting a slight twist on an unoriginal idea can have the desired effect. The key thing with an unoriginal idea is that you need to make sure that the narrative is engaging and this is where The Martian does work well. We all know that Watney is forced to try to survive on his own, but it's discovering how he achieves this and what desperate measures he has to take in order to survive this seemingly impossible ordeal - as someone who hadn't read the book I had no idea what to expect.I also liked the fact that a 'tongue-in-cheek' approach was used in order to deliver the material. I remember there being one moment where one of the NASA crew says something along the lines of 'God knows what sort of hell he's enduring up there'? and then we see Watney dancing and enjoying himself in the next scene. It's the sort of thing that you can see coming a mile off, but it's still funny. Watney's generally positive approach to his ordeal prevents the film from being too depressing and actually makes the picture more enjoyable. Watney's behaviour here is also probably more believable than you may think - sometimes remaining positive in the face of adversity is what keeps people going!!! The picture is quite suspenseful and tense but perhaps not in an 'edge of your seat' way but more in a sense that you're left intrigued as to what Watney will do next? How will they rescue him? Etc. It isn't a particularly exciting film, but the story has enough flesh on it to keep it engaging and considering its generous running time it very rarely hits any lulls.The only thing that perplexed me a little about this film is the music; whilst some of it is understandable and fits quite well with the film (I think Bowie's Life On Mars played at one point), but then later in the film we had Waterloo by Abba which just seemed rather random. This isn't really a criticism, but I just thought that some of it was a bit strange.Yes you can pick holes here and there in The Martian but at the end of the day it never tries too hard and seems happy telling a relatively interesting 'one man' survival story with fairly linear delivery and for that I am eternally grateful.

Rented this movie because I heard that it was fun. I enjoyed this flick and I think that Matt Damon was perfectly cast. I found that some of the dramatic scenes were filled with tension and the lighter scenes filled with humor. This movie, to me, had all the things that "Gravity" should have contained. The scenes containing the rocketry were brilliantly filmed and added the necessary element that made this a complete movie. I would recommend this to a friend, and if one were to rent this I would suggest the blue ray option because this movie deserved the crisp sharp benefits that blue ray offers. I thought that Mark Damon's performance was one of his best. I don't know how much of the science this picture contains is in fact authentic, but I really did not expect it to be. What it did contain for me was good castings and great cinematography.

This is till now one of the best movies I've ever watched, although its 2h 20min length, it is a must to watch, it gives you a two hour of thrill and excitement, i advise everyone to watch it, this deserves way more than just 8.1, i understand other point of view that it may be like other older movies which may make it predictable, but the fact that you watch the whole two hours and u still need more is amazing, I've never experienced anything like this in any earlier movies, even with the best of them. Without spoilers I can only tell you this, this is an amazing and huge production that takes place in more than one situation and environment it may seem predictable but its not, they did a great job in keeping the trill going through the whole movie. I can add this too, the actors did an amazing job, they made us all feel the situation, plus there is a big variety of actors and a big number, which make it ever better. Now comes the bad stuff the movie may be a little overflowed by conflicts I'd licked them to focus on one and give it more time, but sometimes this is a good thing, and i think they should have backed it up with some more science.. Other than that I think this is an amazing movie, in fact one of the best, will definitely recommend did, and finally i leave the rest to you, watch it and you'll know...

It is an excellent film, 100% recommended.He noted for its cast, their performances and landscapes both land and the universe and the other planets. I like the scientific approach that has the movie. Perhaps the only negative point is that it has a credible time-line for a moment another passes a very long period of time without impact on history or characters. In my opinion the soundtrack is not adequate, the songs do not reflect the feeling of the scene they represent. Another advantage is that it is a movie for the whole family.En is not the best movie I've seen, but it has a good rhythm, which makes not lose interest in it.

I had some nice expectations with this movie. No too much, in fact, because I have been deceived so many times ...One of those expectations was: This film is very realistic.And it is partly true: Some parts of the film are very realistic. For example the way he creates the potato farm inside the martian base. On the other side, the protagonist is perhaps too ... I wouldn't say too smart. After all he is a NASA astronaut, and you don't become a NASA astronaut being stupid. The word is "lucky". Matt Damon is just too lucky. Even being the best, things can go terribly wrong when you live a couple of years in Mars because of a million things The problem with Hollywood films is that you know from the beginning that there is gonna be a happy ending. That the main character will probably survive (Or perhaps sacrifice to save the group). And that eliminates most of the thrill. And that leads to the what I really disliked: Never during the film I felt the anguish of being alone in Mars. The faith of the main character is too strong. He is alone on an alien planet, and he never despairs, not even for a moment. That is simply not how human beings behave. It would be OK for an adventure film, but not for one that pretends to be realistic. In that respect I prefer lower budget films like "Moon"Not a bad film. Great landscaped, visually impressive, but lacks real drama.

Sound: 2/2 Harry Gregson-Williams' effervescent, electronic score evokes the protagonist's diligence, wonderment, and loneliness (perhaps more effectively than the script). Acting/Characterization: 1/2 Matt Damon takes his snarky act to Mars, where he plays a different kind of Mann. The role of Watney suits him, and everyone else is affable and strong under pressure. Their good humor is of the blockbuster variety, but I like the characters' resolute focus and pragmatism. I am glad the film did not resort to cheap histrionics, which would have undermined the credibility of someone likely trained and selected to withstand great mental and physical stress.Script/Writing: 1/2 The one-liners are standard Hollywood cheese, but the absence of maudlin backstories and unnecessary romance is refreshing. In The Martian, egalitarian enthusiasm for solving problems apparently prevails over international differences and agency hierarchies, and I suppose I have no reason to reject such a happy fantasy even if some of the flippant exchanges between the scientists and directors at NASA are hokey. Also, the script could have been less obvious by implying rather than dictating the theme via Watney's speech at the end. Visuals: 2/2 It's a Ridley Scott film; of course Mars is gorgeous.Concept (Plot/Theme): 1.5/2 I haven't read Weir's book, but I love the "MacGyver on Mars" idea, though the film's surprisingly positive tone lowers the stakes. The audience is meant to respect Watney's ingenuity, not worry for him, so survival seems less perilous and uncertain than conditions on Mars might suggest. Total: 7.5/10Gut Feeling: 7/10 The Martian is a fun adventure that celebrates science, space exploration, and the collective agency of analytical minds at the cost of dramatic tension and a truer portrait of how difficult such endeavors can be.Final Average: 7.25

This film is about a man who is on a space mission and there is some debris going on and around he gets hit and the crew leave him behind thinking he is dead. Matt Damon plays the lead character. He then realises he has to survive four years in space before they can get back to him. He only has a year's supply of food. So as a botanist he has to use his smarts to grow food for three years. This is a really enjoyable and fun film about a man who uses his humour and smarts to get by in space. Back on earth there a real public relations issue with NASA whether they can get there man home. Matt Damon has never been better, this is probably his best performance on screen. He shows a lot of heart and humour considering the situation he is in. Jessica Chastain is also very good as one of the crew members that left him behind. The cinematography in a space is amazing to look at. Ridley Scott has done an amazing job directing this film. This is one of the best movies of Oscar season. I highly recommend it.

I hadn't seen anything beyond the first trailer and the movie posters for The Martian. Perhaps this has enabled me to review it through a perspective less jaded that some. For what it's worth, it's a good thing.The plight of marooned astronaut Mark Watney is portrayed as pretty straight-up dire based on the circumstances. First, stuck on Mars, a lifeless neighbor to Earth. Next, presumed dead with no initial hope of rescue. Then, beset with a finite amount of supplies to sustain him, he must resort to taking vacuum-sealed Thanksgiving potatoes and farming them in the human waste from himself and his colleagues. An attempt to launch an unmanned craft to crash-land into Mars and provide Watney with supplies aborts shortly after liftoff; echoes of the loss of Space Shuttle Columbia arose instantly as Sean Bean's character uttered the dreaded command in mission control, "Lock the doors", just as his real-life counterpart LeRoy Cain had on that fateful morning of February 1, 2003.Then things get really difficult.All in all a fairly tense, yet overall uplifting look at humanity's investment in a fellow human being whom many might at first glance consider beyond hope. Thanks to numerous deficiencies in the institutional culture of NASA, the space program today is nowhere near that imagined by The Martian.Manned space exploration has been tainted by the grave losses of Challenger in 1996 and Columbia in 2003. Yet this film serves to prove that given drive, determination, collaboration, and discipline, the best humanity has to offer can be brought forth in a united effort to shake a valiant fist at fate and save someone seemingly beyond all hope.Let's hope that the driving forces behind these fictitious crew, managers, and bureaucrats will inspire their real-world counterparts to propel our fledgling space program to new heights, rather than wallow in the sorrows of the fallen.

Astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is presumed dead on Mars when a deadly surprise storm comes upon the crew and they are forced to leave without Watney. However, Watney does survive the storm and must find a way to subsist and contact NASA. For some unknown reason this is billed as a comedy. This is not a comedy. There are some good lines spouted by the characters but they do not a comedy make. See? This is a drama.This is okay, a little long perhaps, but the rescue mission near the end is loaded with hopeful anticipation and tension. The visuals including the Mars landscape and inside the ships throughout are spectacular. The cinematography and photography are truly fantastic. Since Mark Watney is a Botonist he is able to feed himself by growing potatoes and he finds a way to communicate with NASA to let the world know he is alive. Everything Watney does is recorded by him for posterity. And it's also a way to keep himself occupied without going mad. His dialogues are concise and logical. The pacing is very good. We don't see Whatney having many "down moments." There is always hope and work to be done to survive. Matt Damon as Watney does a very good job in this survival mode and we don't get bored watching him Gerry-rig many things and sometimes making humorous comments. Kudos.Back on Earth there are plans to rescue Watney. They talk of a future Mars mission that will land the ship 3200 Kilometers away from where he currently is. This part didn't make sense to me. Why not have this Mars mission recalculated to land where he is and not so far away? Huh? Why make Watney make a 3200 kilometer trip when something bad can happen on this planet? Remember the storm that caused all this in the first place? And - by the way - we never see a storm like that again after all the time Watney spends on the planet. Was that one storm an anomaly? A one-time thing? Huh? (it's only a movie, Bob)Also, the Chinese say they will help with supplies using their new secret super rocket to give the supplies to the Hermes, the rescue ship. However, we never see this exchange between the Chinese ship and the Hermes. The cutting room floor did thisor maybe it was a given and we didn't need to see it. (ya think?)Dialogues back on Earth debating how to do the rescue are good, real and made sense. Notables: Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Michael Pena, Sean Bean, Kate Mara, Chiwetel Ejiofor, and Jeff Daniels and they all did credible jobs. Yes, this is somewhat long, but It's the fantastic visuals, Watney's survival work and dialogues and the rescue mission near the end will keep you engaged. (7/10)Violence: No. (well, the storm). Sex: No. Nudity: Yes, a male backside briefly. Language: Yes, not spoken but written on computer screens and not much of it.

You know what is awesome? A film which is perfectly made out of a book. The only complaint I had from the film is - MATT WATNEY WAS Hilarious IN THE BOOK, WHAT THE F*** DID YOU DO TO HIM!?I wanted his funny logs more.What i really appreciate is him finally being iron man, Oh i so wanted that to happen in the book. The end where Jessica finally catch hold of Matt is just so beautiful, so perfect. It is a beautiful story of hope, victory and patience. I really admire the author and the director. The pace was good which i really really felt lagged in the book which was good. I enjoyed it more, I didn't loose on my attention something or the other was happening all the time. So yes, it was UUUHH- AWESOME!

Well the movie surely way too long, sometimes dull and boring but it made it more detailed and more intriguing. I love how the NASA tried solutions to save Mark and how Mark tried to solve complex problems just trying to stay alive before rescue arrives. The surprising part is the CNSA's appearance who is actually willing to help NASA to save Mark. Who would have thought of that? Well it just made me feel that the two opposing nations can really work for a common good. I know in reality might be opposite but I'm sure behind the scenes there might cooperation between two agencies. The Hermes crew went back using slingshot back and forth between Earth and Mars. Crazy as it sounds but that's how they work it out, though there was complication on picking up mark on orbit but they have successfully rescued him.Well, the worst part is that is the ending. After hrs of watching the ending felt more unsatisfying and inconclusive. Once Mark hop inside the Hermes it then poof the scene instantly back to earth where Mark is already sitting on a bench in a park. It's like what? why rush the scene back to earth. Didn't even see the Hermes traveled back to earth, nor their arrival landing or even welcome party and other sort of scenes to commemorate the mission success. Well, as much as I wanna see that part there's none. Seems someone cut the movie in the end.Well still the movie is really heart warming to watch, you might feel touched and gonna cry or some tears to shed. Assuming you watch and listen to it closely. If you don't well your conclusion is "boring" for sure.

***What I like about this movie : - Damon's performance gets the job done, helps the fact that his part was really good written. His character is witty and likable. - I like the fact that it promotes science. - Preaches optimism and unity of mankind sticking up for our own somewhere out there (sort of speak). - The effort they have put to conjure up the Mars and its surface for us as well as space ships and general tech. - Some really nice shots of outer space and Universe - basis of the story and the dramatic plot ***What I don't like about this movie: - bunch of clichés and plot holes I feel;bad acting from time to time and directors errors leading to ruining this movie's potential! I feel like this could have been one of the greatest sci fi films but they wanted the audience to leave happy-don't think much and told themselves at some point"we've already done enough lets wrap this up" - Clichés: portrayal of Chinese, director getting unpleasant call from the president himself after just one bad press conference, sloppy genius finding the solution the whole NASA couldn't have thinked of, whole world looking in awe live mission broadcast - reporters from times square and stuff.really? ( they decide to risk to broadcast this highly dangerous mission and a chance of loosing all 6 of the crew- yet it took them 2 months to go public just about one lost astronaut) - I feel like Jeff Daniels was a miss-cast. I could believe his acting maybe in 2 or 3 scenes, the rest was just ridiculous. -I find it hard to believe that Martian station is equipped with all of these high tech stuff and there's no a single radio station or something to communicate a message to Earth. Or to the Harm ship! All in all :had fun watching this movie but I don't think its an Oscar worthy performance

Greetings from the galaxy, where we get yet another semi-realistic, big-budget space exploration movie from an A-list director - following the very good and very successful Interstellar (2014) and Gravity (2013). So - how does The Martian fit in? There is a bit of overlap, but overall, Ridley Scott has succeeded in adding a completely different perspective.Where Gravity and Interstellar felt like big leaps forward in movie-making, The Martian does not. It is the least ambitious of the three, lacking a deep philosophical undercurrent or breakthrough visual effects that made the other two so compelling. This is not necessarily a bad thing, however. The Martian features - by far - the most well-developed cast, acting performances and characters, and comes with an unexpected, almost Spielbergian sense of pace and storytelling. The movie and its leads are upbeat, resourceful and have a lightness that prevails in the most trying of times. It is, far more than the others, a people movie, and a popcorn movie at that. It's up to you if you like that, and can stretch your suspension of disbelief accordingly.Without giving away any plot details - let's say that, in the end, like its two blockbuster predecessors, The Martian is about survival in the face of overwhelming odds. But while Interstellar focuses on the abyss faced by an entire race, and Gravity on the depths faced by one person, The Martian shows us the joy of survival through old-fashioned team spirit. In that sense, it is a very American movie.

THE MARTIAN (My Film Review) Stuck on Mars possibly forever, no biggie I guess... I was a bit disappointed, I kept wanting it to be meaningful and powerful and extraordinary... but it just wasn't... it was too calm... I felt GRAVITY in my bones... how incredible it is that we exist, and thrive... I felt her journey like the journey of birth... it moved me... I liked the scene in this movie when he looks at the first little plant he grows... but felt little else... He's just too calm and cool throughout... so I could not relate with him on a human level at all. The movie seemed to really lack depth, it didn't challenge itself or the audience... except our patience and ability to listen to bad music and hokey dialog. The idea of being the only person on a planet is compelling... I wanted more though... some human emotion... I understand he's a trained professional, but he's also a human being... and the movie lacked depth, introspection, philosophy, humanity... I enjoy the testament to human ingenuity, and the movie had its moments I really loved... a nice touch at the end seeing the little plant, the little things perhaps he used to take for granted... yes that is a good lesson. The monologue at the end makes sense, but the map is not the territory and I feel he was perfect in its execution to the point of it being detrimental to the heart of the movie. The movie had ironically about as much atmosphere as the planet Mars did. My Rating: 6/10

The Martian has very little going for it. It is set on Mars, which is not on its own a detriment but not on its own a credit. I mean it's Mars. It's like any orgy for deserts, a very, very dry and chafing orgy for deserts; and it is cold. It has an overrated director. Where are my museum shots? I want 30 solid minutes of quietness and a sweep of jaundice sun, and the black, bitter space, and a whole mess of dialogue-free shrieks of sterile noise, emanating from canyons and potholes and mountains... I want wind! Think No Country For Old Men, or the first 15 minutes of 2001. Both by the way are by many, many light-years, a lot better than this film (and those films are not exactly flawless). This is for me a very forgettable submission... if not a very regrettable one. It has a good but toothless cast. Ever heard of minimalism, Ridley? It's like an all-star team of the cute and endearingly rich and white... Oh wait, that's not a thing. Yes you have minorities, but I am sick of Chiwetel- poster child-Ejiofor and you-cannot-act-at-all-Donald Glover. The fat Chinese guy was cool, mostly because I did not know who the hell he was (also SPOILER his uncle in China heads up the Chinese NASA... if not tone- deaf, that is not exactly color-blind). Then there was Winter-Soldier-guy in space, and its-great-because-she's-in-everything-Kate Mara (oh and then SPOILER, they future bone and have a baby!).The German guy was cool, mostly because I did not know who the hell he was. Although... Jessica Chastain, I worship at the altar of your chin. As for Matt Damon, I did not like him when he was hunting for everybody else's good will and over the years he has failed to capture, kill, necro-hump and mount mine. It has a so-so script. Mostly because it is always either the minutes of a science convention or Damon talking to himself about potatoes and disco music or a feel good Kumbaya bullshit circus of global teamwork and the implied promise of s'mores. It has a staggeringly tepid pacing, that ruins the otherwise swash-buckling vehemence of its plot. However, its pace is something I predict many will enjoy. The structure of solving one problem after another and then another, and then credits has its strengths... if we are talking about a 1980's arcade game. And why the weird, blooper end credits? Not withstanding it spends its budget well, and it is better than Gravity. It is entertaining. It is innovative in a 1900 World's Fair kind of way, and there is a hidden masterpiece here. But unfortunately, it's hidden awfully deep. This could have been a fantastic 3 hour epic, but instead it rushes past the foreplay and jabs at you in the dark. In the end it's like... yay... science! And I'm like... okay.

Ridley Scott is without a doubt one of the finest film directors of the last 45 years and in that time he directed great movies such as "Gladiator" (2000), "Alien" (1979), "American Gangster" (2007), and "Black Hawk Down" (2001), and with "The Martian" he has not only added another great film to that elite resume he has also directed one of the finest science fiction movies of the decade. The movie is based on Andy Weir's novel of the same name (which I did not read prior to seeing this movie) and stars Matt Damon in one of the finest performances of his career as Mark Watney who is on a mission to Mars with Captain Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain) who is in charge of the mission, Major Rick Martinez (Michael Peña) the mission's pilot, Beth Johanssen (Kate Mara) the mission's systems operator, and Chris Beck (Sebastian Stan) who is a surgeon on the mission. At first everything seems fine on Mars but goes horribly wrong in an instant when a dust storm forces the crew to evacuate and in the process leaves Watney behind after not being able to find him. After Watney finds himself left on Mars he has to resort to his wits in order to survive on Mars for as long as he possibly can until help arrives while also try to figure out a way to tell NASA that he is still alive and well. The movie is not only one of the best sci-fi adventures this decade has to offer but it ranks with "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1968) and "Apollo 13" (1995) as one of the greatest movies about space exploration ever put on film. The movie features excellent performances throughout especially from an excellent supporting cast which includes Jeff Daniels as the president of NASA, Chiwetel Ejiofor who plays the man in charge of all of the missions to the red planet, and Sean Bean who plays the flight director for NASA. Scott's direction is on point and Drew Goddard's screenplay places tension at all the right moments to the point where you are actually there with them in this uncomfortable situation. This a very entertaining movie that has some very pulse pounding moments that is sure to be remembered for years to come, and put simply is a must see film.

THE MARTIAN is a realistic science-fiction film set in the near future. It stars Matt Damon in one of his finer performances. I normal don't care for his acting, but I thought he did a pretty good job in this one.The directing and cinematography are great. The pacing is spot-on. I think this is one of Ridley Scott's better films. Highly recommend.

The Martian directed by Ridley Scott is a Sci-Fi film following a rescue mission to Mars after one man is stranded on the planet... and this movie is GREAT. Within cinema one thing is for sure, when Ridley makes a great film it's monumental. The Martian is one of my all time favourites. The shots and cinematography on Mars are truly out of this world... The editing, score and integration of CGI is outstanding. This film is put together beautifully. Although The Martian isn't just exceptional on the technical side, it's also insanely entertaining. And that is thanks to the excellent script and line delivery by Matt Damon. This is his best performance in years. He's everything from witty to emotionally fragile, which forms such a complex and compelling character. The Martian has a perfect balance of distress and great humour. I love the integration of music by David Bowie and ABBA. It really helps lift up the spirit. The large cast doesn't weigh down the film at all, as they all add something more to the story. I can honestly watch The Martian countless times and never get bored. This is an outstanding film so therefore I give it a 10.

I, for one, am excited that space travel is now a topic regularly covered on the big screen. If the general public becomes even a little bit more interested in interplanetary travel, perhaps I can see man stand on the surface of Mars in my lifetime. The Martian (2015) is merely the latest in a string of space-themed sci-fi movies that brings the excitement of outer space to theaters. While not nearly as continually intense as Gravity (2013), or as epic as Interstellar (2014), what The Martian does right is give a sense of scale to the challenge of returning to Earth from being abandoned on Mars.Gripping and just humorous enough to keep it from being dour, director Ridely Scott uses many cinematic techniques, including several montages, to tell the story many have already read from Andy Weir's novel of the same name. While many sequences and scientific explanations were obviously cut for the sake of time, the ones that remain help maintain the ebb and flow of victory and tragedy. Like many films based on books, I saw the movie first before committing to reading the book. After now having read the source material, I can say that each version has its merits, and both are equally as spectacular. Sure, there were some elements I wish were in the film, but that's why reading the book version is great too: it has "deleted scenes."Matt Damon's portrayal of Mark Watney was spot on, and the rest of the cast certainly did a great job of filling in their respective roles. The pacing was great and the CGI looked incredible. Considering the current array of NASA equipment, the ships and shelters used for a Mars mission certainly seemed realistic in this film, which should help with my aforementioned desire for the general public to become interested in interplanetary travel.A stupendous film that gives a good visual representation of Andy Weir's novel, I give The Martian 5.0 stars out of 5.

The movie's storyline and the whole plot was pretty interesting and makes you wonder how courageous our astronauts are without whome these extraordinary research wouldn't have been possible.The whole Mars scene felt intense but overall the movie didn't feel extraordinary, it was average. The makes tried to make the movie dramatic and serious which didn't gel much with the funny attitude our lead character had according to me.I think the movie is watchable but you don't really miss anything if you let it pass.

I had checked concerning the major plot. It roundly grabbed my attention. I had watched this movie in the cinema. It was really fascinating. It has eye-catching visual effects, intelligible theme and a long journey. The epitome of other space movies. Especially, having an stupendous atmosphere in the planet as well as the fiction. Matt Damon was a thespain who would undertake this role perfectly, resuming the battle of surviving in the mars after the accident despite loneliness. It was an extraordinary experience for him.
Ridley Scott knows how to convert the story of a book into a movie and affect the people positively. One of the most favorite genres of Ridley Scott with his perseverences. He almost gives a favorable impression to the mind of the cinemagoers. I recommend all science-fiction fans to watch this with a great joy.

From the opening scene I was hooked. People need to remember this is science fiction! Some other reviews are a bit harsh. Matt Damon is absolutely amazing. Well worth a watch.

I have few movies which I'd be perfectly fine watching over and over again. One of them is Apollo 13 starring Tom Hanks, and I'm so glad I can add The Martian to the list, right next to Apollo 13.Both the book and the movie exceeded my expectations with flying colors. In the past Matt Damon wouldn't have been my first choice for the role of Mark Watney, but I have to admit he did a brilliant job. Now I couldn't imagine anyone else playing Watney as he managed to bring through every emotion of a man who realizes he's alone on a giant red planet, and nobody knows he's there.But of course the best part of the movie is the story and the book behind it. The story could've gone so many different ways, but somehow it managed to do things just right. It makes you gasp, hold your breath and - sometimes - burst into laughter when you least expect it. The brilliance lies in the humor of Watney and how he handles the situation, even when it's more or less clear he's alone and all odds are against him.This here is a story of survival at it's best. Kudos.

The Martian starts off setting high expectations when group of astronauts from NASA go on a Mars mission and while they're on the surface of the planet the atmosphere goes out of control, strong winds start blowing and a useless piece of debris hits our male lead Damon right in the ribs and he is pushed back by several meters. The rest of the crew assumes him to be dead and return to Earth only to find out after some days that he is still alive. Not only this but he has also managed to grow potatoes on the surface of Mars, (I couldn't imagine doing so if I were a BOTANIST you know) I mean there's an example of going out of your comfort zone (Earth). That aside, the middle scenes are pretty dull and you will find yourself forward-ing very often. There is a parallel mission going on Earth too to keep Damon fed till the next Mars mission is up and running and not to emphasize that a different politics is in progress there also and an astronaut's life on Mars basically depends it. 
The performances are average, any actor that manages to make any impact would be Jessica Chastain in the role of Martinez. Although the film picks up a little bit towards the end when Damon improvises with his profound knowledge a way to get himself out of a speedy rocket but it isn't too late to realize that you've wasted your precious time watching an economical version of Gravity.

I watched this film and enjoyed it because it's not considered non-fiction; it's a fictional account of what might happen if an astronaut were abandoned on Mars. Too many people who are submitting reviews are trying to get too technical. People, just enjoy the movie for what it is.

Story line is great honestly, I've read the book. The book its kinda confusing with all the science, however the movie has a great mix on explaining them. The effects are good as well. I didn't see any unrealistic thing, but very dangerous things to do on space. Its a good story line, excellent acting, but i wanted to see more acting on the crew part. In general, its a worth it movie to watch.

Never written a review in my life - read a few but never felt the need to do so myself until now!I've given this film 10 stars - apparently, according to some, that makes me an idiot, moron, clueless....etc, etc.This is a good film...I'll say that word again...'Film'. Is it completely scientifically accurate.....who cares? General moans include:1.Matt Damon isn't funny. Well he seems to be doing alright for himself as an unfunny actor. I find him very entertaining and I thought his performance was good and, even if I hadn't I'd like to think I would have stopped short of lambasting him.2.'It's unrealistic'...'It would never happen'...'That's not right' blah, blah, blah. As I said earlier...who care's? It's a film not a documentary. The fact that basement dwellers are up in arms because we don't actually have to sit and wait the 25 mins that it would take for any communication to get to and from is laughable. I'm glad we didn't have to 'wait it out'. 'He's a Botanist....what's he doing there'? Well...and I'm no expert but perhaps, given that NASA have sent a Mission to Mars...potentially with a view to 'one day colonizing said Planet' a botanist might be handy? The potato's....Could it actually work? No idea, don't care...not planning on being stranded on Mars to find out. God forbid that any future mission to Mars uses this film as a training guide because there's no mention at all of 'bacteria...ph levels...lighting levels'..zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...Good! Couldn't be happier that all that mumbo jumbo was left out. 3. 'There's no sense of actual loneliness'.....Maybe it should have been a hour and a half of Matt Damon weeping into the cameras? Sounds fun....cut to Matt kicking the dirt in boredom....now we're talking, much more entertaining. 4. 'The special effects aren't up to scratch'.....yawn, next! 5. 'It's not a true portrayal of human nature'....It seems that because the characters were actually nice to each other and didn't spend their time insulting each other it means it's a poor film.....Here's an idea..lighten up a bit, have some fun. If you want human nature, watch the news or one of the myriad of other films that portray it very well.There's so much more rubbish that has been written about this film but my stress vein is starting to throb in my forehead.... So I will simply say this: Why not watch it and see what you think? If you like it, great. If you don't well, not to worry eh?

The Martian is the one of my favorite movies. The movie tells the story about an astronaut - Mark Watney who lives on Mars.While Mark and his partners were working on Mars, suddenly there was a sandstorm. They needed to get on the spaceship to leave Mars, but Mark was hit by something. Although the commander wanted to save him, there was no time left, so they had to leave him behind. In the morning, Mark got into the HAB on Mars, he was hurt, so he stayed in the dome. He planted a lot of potatoes with some chemicals.At NASA, there wasn't anyone who knew Mark Watney was alive. Then one day, an employee saw something was moving on Mars. They knew that Mark was alive, so they started trying to contact him. They were successful, but Mark's partners didn't know that he was alive. So NASA's director Teddy Sanders told Mark's partners about it.NASA decided to launch a rocket to Mars and save Mark, but it exploded. The CASA wanted to help NASA, so they worked together. China had a rocket called Sun God, that could help them go to save Mark. Finally, they were able to save Mark. After returning to Earth, Mark stayed at NASA to teach new astronauts.This is a great and amazing movie. The story was very nice.

Set in the not too distant future the Ares III mission to Mars has to abort there 31 Sol (Martian day) mission on Sol 18 when a storm hits their base and threatens to topple the rocket that will take them back to the Hermes, the craft that will take them back to Earth. As they run through the storm a piece of debris hits mission botanist Mark Watney. His colleagues try to find him but as his suit's telemetry suggests he is dead they are forced to leave without him. It soon emerges that he is not dead unfortunately he calculates that there won't be enough food left for him to survive till the next mission to Mars. Back on Earth everybody thinks he is dead until a satellite photograph shows that the Ares III site has changed so somebody must be there! Still at this point there is no way to contact him. Mark manages to grow potatoes for food and sets about retrieving a transmitter from a previous mission. With contact finally made they start discuss how he might be rescued. Time will be close and there will be setbacks.Fans of 'Hard Sci-Fi' should really enjoy this; the idea of manned mission to Mars might seem many years away the technology we see doesn't seem unrealistic and the story seemed plausible so much so that the film this most reminded me of was 'Apollo 13' which was of course based on a real life near disaster in space. The opening set up is effective and wastes little time in stranding Mark on Mars then we get down to the business of him trying to figure out how to survive. He encounters many problems which are resolved logically. Similarly the events on earth appear plausible as first those in charge want to avoid a PR disaster then work to rescue him when it becomes apparent that he is alive. The cast does a fine job. Matt Damen excels as Mark Watney managing to be entertaining even when the only talking he does for much of the time is direct to camera as he records a video diary. The rest of the cast, which includes many familiar faces also impresses. The Jordanian locations used look suitably barren to act as a substitute for Mars. While things are serious for the most part there are some good laughs as well; many provided by the fact that the only music Mark has is some disco taken to Mars my the mission commander this provides an excuse for some enjoyably incongruous back ground music which I rather enjoyed. Overall I really enjoyed this and would certainly recommend it even if you don't consider yourself a sci-fi fan.

Ridley Scott's The Martian was wonderfully realised on 3D for the big cinema screen. It probably will not come across well on the small screen.Astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) is separated from his spacecraft and crew on a mission to Mars. Instead of panicking he overcomes the obstacles in his way by thinking outside of the box to survive as long as possible.When NASA find out that Mark is still alive his former crew mates turn around for a rescue mission.The film is essentially a lone survival film without the protagonist not exactly getting too lonely or crazy. There is the parallel story of NASA and other agencies working together on the rescue mission as Mark's predicament catches the public's attention.The problem with this type of movie and it happened with Gravity is that you can be blown away with special effects the first time round but it might lack rewatch value.

If it's the goal of great science fiction to boldly go where no man has gone before, Sir Ridley's "The Martian" might be a rare trodden turf, and typically Skeptical of science fiction movies dealing with space travel, yet. While it's no "Interstellar," spinning off from Andy Weir's everyone-was-reading-it-on-the-bus bestseller, as much as it is a Robinson-Crusoe-in-space, it's a jet-black comedy about laughing in the face of mortality.This well-crafted film intricately embedded thought-provoking science, real controversial decisions pertaining to space, and futuristic science applications humans have yet to develop."Mission Control" monitoring, in the movie, the large TV screens plastered in every angle accurately captured the darkness, timing and adrenaline involved in finding a solution within a 3-5 minute span before potential explosions were to cause deaths. "You do the math. You solve a problem. Then you solve the next. Then you can come home." Running a mathematical analysis for 560 Sols straight, all by and for a nozzle botanist to stay alive simply on, hey Potatoes! - it takes a skilled team to find real-time solutions.There's a fictitious scene served to brilliantly re-ignite a real concern echoed in the Space community about launch safety. Rocket launches are risky, and successful rocket science is about proper certifications being met. In the movie, the NASA director orders that the return flight's thrust and weight certifications be skipped in order to save time in returning to Mars. His decision led to excessive vibrations and bending moments within the launch, which exploded the rocket into pieces mid-air. This scenario is real. That's almost bloody accurate!Chaos Theory is used for more than space travel. It predicts new technology, new weather systems, and even explains how the human brain's neurons fire together in Neuro-plasticity. Though in travel, humans have never been on a spacecraft that has flown to Mars partly because the "gravitational assist" effects on the human body are not fully understood yet.Don't forget it's been four decades since Sir Ridley Scott first made space travel so uniquely terrifying with "Alien;" here, he and Damon fill the film with fresh, deadpan pleasures, storm that kick- starts the narrative, what lingers are the crew's panicked faces, helmets aglow like Chinese lanterns. There is not always much adrenal drama: the default mode is problem- solving. But put The Martian next to its peers and it shines. In particular, between its last-man-standing plot and the presence of both Damon and Jessica Chastain, the overlaps with Christopher Nolan's Interstellar are downright curious. And The Martian is nimble everywhere Nolan's film galumphed; it's a movie in which the greatness of the human spirit meets the wonder of gaffer tape. Furthermore, this must be a new frontier to explore, if "The Martian" is put in contrast to Britain's spectacular cinema landmarks: "Moon" to "Gravity" to "Interstellar" it'll look like a 70's disco classic remix album: While it is a great science fiction film that intricately embeds thought-provoking science applications humans have yet to develop, you'd hardly call it a Scott 'Masterpiece' stretching itself, or the boundaries of where an effects blockbuster can take us. It's less a space odyssey than this genre's equivalent of a high-climbing log flume that's also very enjoyable to watch."They say that once you grow crops somewhere, you officially Colonised it. So, technically, I Colonised MARS. In your face, Neil Armstrong!" — Mark Watney a.k.a "The Martian" a.k.a "the Greatest Space Pirate—Botanist" to ever step foot on the "RED Planet: MARS," and COLONISE it by growing fresh—POTATOES, harvesting his own S%it!

Outstanding performance by Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, and Kate Mara, teamed up with Ridley Scott's directing and stunning cinematography makes this film a must see!I also feel this one was one of my favorite Matt Damon performances, and he portrayed his character perfectly - with a side dish of humor!All around great flick that could have not been produced any better!A perfect 10/10 from me!

This was a great sci-fi movie that has all the ingredients I'd ever want. And then came the China involvement in the rescue effort.Get used to it. Hollywood studios have begun the process of COMPLETELY altering their core story line to make films more attractive to the gargantuan Chinese viewer base. The Chinese element in this film crashes into the core story line so hard and with such utter lack of congruence that it is beyond a distraction, it's just a suspension-of-disbelief buster. Sure, the Chinese have a just-barely viable space program, NOTHING compared to Japan, Russia, the US, France, England.. but hey, they're riding to the rescue in this film.Hollywood, fork off.

lot of people love sci fi movie including me and this movie many people loved it and can't understand why from my opinion this is weak sci fi movie this movie is so boring and very slow can't remember any sci fi movie make me so boring like this movie and matt Damon is good actor but his performance in this movie was very poor his worst by far and they way they saved him by very stupid and kind of joke bad joke this is my opinion

Warning...food supplies/survival assessment. It's essential to his survival, but when assessing his potato crop, there is no way he could have reaped 400 potato on the first harvest. Also, when they showed shots of his potato crop, there are way too many plants based on what he started with. The bag looked like it had 12...2 potatoes each for a crew of 6, or 12, and 48 plants. If successfully grown, 4 large potatoes from each plant, and smaller ones to replant would give him 194 from first harvest...OR, Take the Thanksgiving meal...at best, 3 potatoes each times six people would give 18 potatoes. He was quartering them...that would give him about 72 max. The next crop would be bigger, as he used several small potatoes from each plant, so ideally, 72 x 4, or 288 plants. It took roughly 35 'Sol's' to grow and then harvest, so it would still take awhile for him to produce 400 potatoes to eat. He'd need to have 3 or more successful harvests to get enough to last the 3 years needed before the Ares IV mission. Important for the movie, but a bit impossible in real life. Also, potatoes need at least 2 feet of dirt to grow, and he only had a foot or so...it would matter if that last crop was still edible after the surface plants died...since they were underground, they might have survived, which would have given him about 6-8 from each plant, small and large. He should have tried to grown more...somehow, even if it was a smaller operation...and holding a breathable atmosphere in the HAB behind tarps is another question.

The Martian starring Matt Damon. He plays Mark Watney. He's a botanist-astronaut on the crew of what appears to be a workaday mission to Mars, one of many on the NASA schedule. Beginning into the film, where we notice when a massive dust storm descends on their operations base and living quarters. In the chaos, a piece of satellite equipment breaks loose, hits Watney and flies off with him attached. Assuming he's dead, the rest of the crew takes off. Though of course he's not dead. But he knows he will be, and soon, unless he figures out how to survive using only the stuff the crew left behind. His mission now is to solve a series of problems.What make the film great is how director Ridley Scott makes use of Damon's character. We see him how he records his efforts on video, which he assumes will be found after his death by the next crew to land on Mars. It's a useful and mostly credible narrative device that allows us to follow Watney's thoughts without the deadly intrusions of voice-over. The film is roughly over two hours and twenty minute long, but it is an exciting ride and the pacing is great. Matt Damon certainly delivers one of his finest performances, which gave him an Oscar nomination. The Martian will most definitely be considered a classic and future classic.

The whole story is too good you never turn bore....every turn in the movie is just oh my god... martian is one of the movie that will energize you that don't loose hope The survival is totally on whole new level we just bore to see survival shows on discovery and etc. Now this is something unique which figures out the most difficult conditions for living outside our world our earth.martian do his job very successfully.worth to watch it and of course it add to my collection.'The Martian' is able to blend humour and emotion within it's dramatic plot of survival. Jessica Chastain, Jeff Daniels, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Chiwetel Ejiofor, just a few big names that support Damon wonderfully. If you are a fan of 'Interstellar' or any other science fiction survival tale or even some of Scott's previous sci-fi adventures, then this is one to definitely add to your watch list. Best viewed on the big screen!

As improbable as the story is, it had a certain resonance to my mind about the capacity of the human spirit to persevere and make the best of one's circumstances under the most intolerable of conditions. Faced with the same situation, how many would simply give up and let fate take it's course? The harder thing to do is stretch one's mind and resources in an effort to stay alive and operate from a position of informed intelligence until help arrives. When Mark Watney (Matt Damon) proclaims "I'm not gonna die here", not only do you believe it but you wish there was something you could do to help.That's not to say I didn't find some elements to be just too unbelievable. The real time communication with the rescue team, and especially the sharing of Watney's comments with the rest of the world defied any sort of credibility. China helping pro-actively - I don't think so, at least not in an official capacity. The cracking wise dialog of the crew members was also a little too forced it seemed. You would think there would be some consternation over the plight of the stranded team member.But for a sci-fi film offering a once in a lifetime what if scenario, the picture works well enough to be an entertaining diversion. I can think of worse ways to spend a couple of hours.

Martian is not right around the Ridley Scott after the weak The Counselor and Exodus , more is a good movie , the film's story is based on a book of the same name , Matt Damon is the main movie , we cast also Jessica Chastain, Michael Peña , Kate Mara , etc, the visual effects of Mars is excellent , the film is tense especially at the end of the movie, it's really cool to see the character of Matt Damon . Trying to survive on Mars and the film has unnecessary things you. Actors should not even it is the film , the film is long it is no problem, the problem is that the film has a slow pace and gets a bit tedious , the film could easily have 30 minutes at least , martian does not get to be around Ridley Scott , more after so many bad and good movies to see him direct a good movie. Note 7.5

This felt sort of like it was based on a real event at some points, maybe because there are some stories you hear of in the news that are similar to it. A lot of people have compared the Martian to Castaway, and I was anticipating that it would resemble Castaway, but it really is closer to the Chilean miners that were trapped underground for two months back in 2010. It has some resemblances to certain sports films as well because the hopes of a vast number of people are resting on the success of the mission just as they are in the events of Invictus and Miracle. Saving Watney has significance to other people because it proves to them what an individual and a society can accomplish.Science and technology are a pretty big part of the story. None of the science felt implausible to me, but of course I don't know that much about it. Considering the budget, I would guess that Ridley Scott was able to hire someone to check all the science, though Andy Weir may not have had that luxury with the book. If nothing else, the science and astrophysics were well explained. You understood why and how each setback was significant without needing a degree in physics. I would say that there is not an invincible character factor in play here, as Watney has several close calls along with things that go his way, but not in an unrealistic way like in 2012 or Furious 7. In some ways, it seems like a miracle that he survives everything, but he doesn't escape without a few bumps and bruises and life-threatening experiences.There are a lot of characters, and most of them are easy enough to keep track of. You won't probably remember almost any of their names, but the actors are famous enough and the characters are distinct enough that you will remember most of them. I wasn't huge on how some of them were introduced with the superscript name and profession. The name wasn't gonna stick and neither it nor the profession or area of expertise were all that necessary for the audience to know. Also, using superscript is a bit of a cheap way out for introducing a character that I feel like a full-time screenwriter should be able to find alternatives to. There is not a true villain, unless you count the whole situation as the antagonist. So if you had to categorize the conflict, it would probably be man vs. nature and a bit of man vs. technology if you count all of the technological details that NASA had to work through.The plot mostly consists of all of the different challenges that have to be overcome, which keeps the pace constantly moving with all of the mini-goals. It lacks some of the traditional story structures like end of act turns, which is refreshing in some ways and disappointing in others. Certainly, the classic ultimate goal and plot twists that are so overused that they become predictable become old and annoying, but a movie can still be non-traditional and interesting while using those templates. As Watney says at the end, you have to solve it one problem at a time, which is how the story works. But by the end, I didn't want another scientific miracle, and having him "fly around like Iron Man" was just a little too much. It didn't kill the movie per se, but I would have preferred that scene to have played out differently.The acting was pretty good, with no one performance standing out over the others. The set designs were cool and impressive, definitely Oscar nom worthy. I didn't feel that it deserved to win any of the categories it was nominated for, but the nominations were in order. Granted, I haven't seen Fury Road, which won several of the technical awards, but it seemed to be more deserving than the Martian based on the trailers.If you're intimidated by scientific movies, I wouldn't worry too much. Basic high school or maybe even middle school scientific knowledge is all that's needed to comprehend the problems and solutions of each challenge. There is a decent amount of comic relief, some of which could be annoying to those of you that dislike comedy placed in other genres. I would recommend watching it in one sitting, and probably with a group so that you can clarify any questions you may have with each other. In my own opinion, it's a little overrated even if it is pretty entertaining. I preferred Interstellar, which I know has been a popular comparison, but the Martian is for a totally different audience than Interstellar is. If you didn't like Interstellar for reasons other than it's being too much like 2001, definitely try the Martian. Otherwise, I wouldn't be afraid to spend money on renting it if you're interested. Overall Rating: 8.2/10.

I honestly was quite skeptical before watching this film and i almost missed my opportunity to watch it on the big screen. Anyway i did watch it and the purity of spirit and determination that Matt Damon brought out is something to be admired not only as a work of fiction but also in our personal journey in life. A million miles away, stuck on a foreign planet alone, but he still somehow manages to muster up the strength and will to think his way out of an almost definite damned situation. This was a spectacular performance from him. deserving of awards and praise. absolutely loved it. I think it was an excellent production from the dialogue to the action sequences on the outer atmosphere of mars.

I had my doubts that a more or less single-actor film would be successful, but The Martian proved me wrong. Matt Damon was terrific in a Hollywood-esque storyline. He plays a botanist who is on the Ares mission to Mars. I guess this was the third mission. Mars is apparently prone to major storms, and one strikes the team, forcing an emergency evacuation. In the midst of the evacuation, Damon gets lost and seemingly is dead. The crew takes off.The rest is a story of survival against the basic human needs, like food, water, and air. But also a battle to touch the planet he left behind. There was actually a lot of comedy in this film. Damon jokes at being the first for so many different activities there. Well shoot, he's the only living being on the planet.The scenery / graphics were excellent. The co-actors deliver their roles - space jockey pilot, stoic commander, a-hole mission commander back on Earth. They all fit into a nicely scripted screenplay.There are some twists and turns as you would expect, and a Hollywood ending that leaves you cheering, despite the improbability. But this is the movies - you want entertainment - the Martian delivers.Nice job by everyone. Enjoy.

When a dangerous windstorm threatens, the crew of the Ares 3 mission must quickly abort and leave the surface of Mars. They mistakenly leave behind Mark Watney (Matt Damon), who decides to find a way to survive in the harsh environment with inadequate supplies. Watney is a botanist who uses his problem solving and resource management talents to their best advantage.Meanwhile, people back on Earth are celebrating Watney's sacrifice with a large memorial and plenty of hoopla. Matt Damon gets most of the screen time of "The Martian". As in other castaway stories, his experience is the focus of the film. Viewers can identify with his everyman qualities and project themselves into his situation, making the film a one-man adventure. As someone who prefers first-person video games, I found this to be very relatable and enjoyable.Though there are a few (notable) errors of science, this is good science fiction. It also includes enough humor to keep the mood somewhat light.One running gag is that Watney dislikes disco music, but it's the only music available to him on Mars (after he rifles through the belongings of his fellow crew members). As a viewer, I began to share his opinion by the end of the film, but only because the recordings were all of the pop-disco style (e.g. Gloria Gaynor, Miami Sound Machine), which rely more on their lyrics than the pounding, driving beat that is the hallmark of truly inspiring swing dance disco. It's a distinction few viewers will key on. Instead, focus on the enchanting story and you will survive.

It is not a masterpiece but it is a good film though. One man abandoned on Mars because he was wounded in a storm and he was thought dead. Then the film is the discovery on Earth and on the spatial mission where the team that left him behind is that he is alive and then the decision to rescue him, on one hand. On the other hand that man, alone on Mars, takes care of his wound and then is playing Robinson Crusoe on the planet, inventing agriculture on Mars and solving all kinds of problems including communication with earth and with his team on their mission.Of course such an adventure is highly improbable but the educational dimension is important. It wants to show that when death is in front of you, you can just accept it and find your peace with that, or you start working on and solving problems, one after the other, in order to survive as long as possible because there is always a chance that a rescue of some sort might come, or that you would be intelligent enough to survive by yourself with your own creativity and inventiveness. It is also educational about the absurdity of different countries, here the USA and China, not working together and sure enough the film heavily suggests that they do and they actually do, which could have saved the marooned man and will have positive consequences on the future. Educational again with the position of women. The commander of the mission is a woman and she is not alone on the mission. At NASA it is less clear since all the main characters are men, particularly the director of NASA who appears as a cold, calculating man who does not accept any disobedience. It is also educational with the team that has left one man on Mars. We are clearly told that no matter what the consequences may be one person as well as one team have to do what is ethically good, here rescue the man, and not obey orders going the other way. Mutiny is necessary when ethics are on your side. And sure enough they are shown as going on the next mission because the rescue is such an international global effort and success that no one can go into reprisals and penalties.The Martian landscapes are beautiful though they are not Martian at all. The actors, at least the main actors, or even maybe the main actor in the singular, are good and the heroics are spectacular. Apart from that all the details are far-fetched but one does not check a gift horse in the mouth. We let ourselves go into the action, the suspense (there is none since we know this poor Robinson Crusoe will be rescued just like Robinson Crusoe was because Robinson Crusoe's always are, and that is pure entertainment.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU

This is a movie that I have to say that I have a bit of a difficulty in rating. Quite honestly I was sorely tempted to remove a star, or even two stars. Why? Because it is full of Hollywood nonsense, scientific errors, it is rather predictable and it did feel a bit like a Apollo 13 rip-off. Why did I not remove those stars? Well, it is rather entertaining even if, at times, I squirmed in my seat.The movie starts of with a somewhat implausible event where a unexpected storm hits the Mars camp which forces the ground crew of the Mars mission to hurry back to the launch vehicle before it tilts over. The launch vehicle gradually tilts a degree at the time. Is it just me finding this strange? Would storms on Mars defy the usual rules of weather dynamics that they would exert a constant pressure which would cause a slow but constant tilt of a construct like that. No gusts, no change in pressure? And why would it gradually tilt at all? Once the force would be enough for the landing struts on one side to leave the ground it would pretty much tilt right away. Okay, I am being picky so lets give that a benefit of a doubt for the time being.Obviously one guy is lost during the dramatic events. This is equally obviously 100% predictable. The fact that the guy is still alive after the rest of the crew blasted off is obviously also 100% predictable but then, this you should have pretty figured out from the title of the move after all.A lot of the rest of the movie is following this guys quest for survival on Mars using the left over equipment at his disposal and the NASA crew on Earth trying to rescue him. Yes the NASA crew on Earth does discover that he is alive which, again, is pretty much predictable. Of course this gave Hollywood the opportunity to add a utterly dislikable political bureaucrat that is pretty much in the movie for one reason and one reason aloneto be dislikable. Personally I just found him tiresome. But then, Americans seems to like these kind of people given the kind of trash that we see being pushed towards the upcoming presidential electionsfrom both sides! There are a lot of good stuff in the movie. Even though it is rather predictable there are some suspense in it, there are a lot of good scenery, and even though you pretty much knows what is going to happen you do feel like cheering for the hero. Given the script I think a lot of the actors did a rather good job of their roles.If the script writers would have brought on some decent scientific advisors I would say this would have been a great movie but it was frequently goofed up with issues that was just stupid. Like digging down a nuclear reactor a few feet in the ground. What the f good was that supposed to do? And the constant use of simple plastic and duct tape to seal the environment. Yeah, right. Sure, Mars do have some atmosphere so it is not vacuum we are talking about but then in other scenes they seemed to assume almost zero atmosphere and made quite a bit use of explosive decompression effects.Okay, okay I am probably nitpicking quite a bit here but, unlike many Science Fiction movies, this one tries to give an impression of being within the realms of realism and it is just too full of classical Hollywood mishaps for my taste.As I wrote above I still think it is a movie worth watching. It has some suspense, it is well done from a photographic point of view and the actors are doing a decent job. I think 7 out of 10 stars is a fair rating but it should certainly not have more.

We enjoyed this trip to Mars and hanging out with some folks in the space station, but we really didn't get to know anyone well enough to say it was a great time, or to want to go back and watch it again. This is the primary problem with the Maritan- it is 95% plot with just a nod to character development. We all know that most story lines are recycled, and the Maritan is your classic stranded on a desert island scenario. What makes each story different is who is in this situation and how they respond. Unfortunately the Martian just doesn't reveal the background, thoughts, motivations or emotions of the characters. The sparse dialogue is utterly expected- the least you could say to move the plot along. And for a movie that depends so much on plot, the final solution to the big problem has been done before, even recently. I won't say where- no spoilers from me, but really, was not surprised by it.There were touches that I enjoyed. The theme of the rule breaking maverick saving the day, or causing the trouble was avoided. Scientists of all sorts were portrayed in their most interesting and exciting light. And I liked that the movie reminded us that space is still worth exploring, lets get our act together and keep being the pioneers that humans are born to be.I probably would have give this a 7 instead of 6, except as an Oscar nominee, I am holding it to a slightly higher standard. By all means, watch the movie, enjoy the movie, but there are a lot of elements missing for a truly great movie.

As soon as I saw Jeff Daniels I realised this picture was going to be Dumb And Dumber than I was initially hoping; most of us live in hope. But at least he makes sense paired with Sean Bean. Serious scientist Matt Damon in a life and death situation relishing using naughty adult words doesn't help. I hadn't seen Robinson Crusoe On Mars for decades either and to see him brought up to digital date was the next best thing – although continually and sometimes hopelessly incongruous 70's disco music kept taking me back to the ye olden primitive days when NASA actually had some of their employees cavorting about on the Moon.Damon is left for dead on Mars after a big storm and disaster and has to survive and fend for himself until death or rescue. It's all extremely well done, with the usual seemingly minute attention to detail looked after, and is sufficiently gripping and entertaining. All of us millions of news-hungry space fans cheer Bravo! from Times Square, Red Square and Trafalgar Square for CNN to cover this opinion as Breaking News. And great that the making of the film gave 15,000 people jobs and purpose (the end credits seemed to be much more populous), and I only wish there could be many sequels to keep them all employed. But now to delete it.Unlike Damon I'm not going to have to science the poo out of this but – I would rather recommend the equally corny, escapist and similar film but with more honest human characterisation and emotion Mission To Mars instead. And Jeff Daniels wasn't in it either.

This film is tough to review. Having read the book and listened to the audio book, both of which were excellent, I cannot write an unbiased review of the movie. Simply put, if you read the book, you will be disappointed.I am sure adapting a novel to a movie is hard. The audio book was 10 hours, so they had to cut out 8 hours of content. The movie script kept a lot of the major story points, but cut everything that made the book so great. Almost all of Watney's trials and tribulations were cut out of the movie. All his great log entries, dialog, thoughts, especially the science! Almost none of it is there. The only pieces left of his witticism is shown in the trailer. There were some shreds of subplots in the movie, which stick out if you read the book, but none of it made the final movie.Unfortunately, knowing how much better the book was, I cant give this movie more that 6 stars out of 10. It did not live up to expectations.

Brought product to surface of Hollywood - it failed immediately. Zero out of ten stars.If you've read the book the movie will disappoint you. If you haven't read the book it will bore you.The movie adaptation fails on so many levels I don't have the time to list them. What it really comes down to is a tragedy. The heart of the story is absent. The characters are absent. The ending was changed unnecessarily. Why?!Don't waste your time. Just read the book and imagine how awesome a movie it could have been.

Ridley Scott knows science fiction. The director of iconic and cult crowned sci-fi flicks Blade Runner and Alien, Scott is no slouch when it comes to futuristic or outerspaceish type scenarios played out through his keen direction.Scott last dipped his toe into the sci-fi waters in 2012 with the love it or hate it Alien prequel, Prometheus. The film was met with varying degrees of acceptance and disapproval but no one could deny the film was visually spectacular. In 2015, Scott brings Andy Weir's novel of the same name to audiences in the inspiring, The Martian due to hit theatres early October.Matt Damon plays NASA botanist Mark Watney. Watney along with a small group of other scientists are stationed on Mars when a storm prompts their evacuation. Through a series of events, his colleagues believe Watney dead as they execute their evacuation. But Watney is very much alive. Alive and alone on Mars. With little resources and materials, Watney sciences the poop out of his working assets in an effort to survive. He manages to relay a message back to earth but he is very much aware of the realization that any rescue effort or further mission to Mars is years away from actualization. Watney must live on his wits and faith in hopes that he may one day be reunited with species.The focus is clearly on Damon's character but maybe more interesting are the team of humans back on earth lead by Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Jeff Daniels that attempt to science the poop out of things themselves in an attempt to orchestrate a spectacular rescue. Their pooling of minds will draw reference to NASA's brain trusts in Ron Howard's Apollo 13 and is riveting the exciting to watch unfold though the emotion of the colleagues.We'll leave the final chapters of the film to your viewing pleasure but make no mistake about it, The Martain is Ridley Scott's best film in years. Damon excels in the lonely character left abandoned. He carries the film with remarkable poise and the intelligence of the script by Drew Goddard (Cabin in the Woods, World War Z) is a marvel as to what man has and can accomplish when faced an unfathomable situation.The 3D imagery is spectacular and the special effects are sometimes toned and other times on the scale of a blockbuster big-budget extravaganza. But the film is rooted in the triumph of the human spirit. It's hard not to cheer or cry when we see a balls-out effort to what it takes, to use what it takes, to work tirelessly in what it takes to save one human life.The Martian is destined to be box office hit. Smart, funny, tense and drawing on emotion, it is easily one of the best films of the year and it is the type of film that might just have children once again naming 'astronaut' as the profession that they most aspire to. Yes, it's that good.http://theintestinalfortitude.com/

"It has been seven days since I ran out of Ketchup."SPOILER FREE ZONEThe Martian is a book adapted sci-fi adventure about a man being stranded on Mars (the planet not the chocolate) and him trying to survive until NASA can figure out a way to bring him home. It stars Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain and Jeff Daniels, and is directed by Ridley Scott.I've been a fan of Ridley Scott for a while as have a lot of people who love the sci-fi genre, but his movie list lately isn't impressive mainly due to the lack of emphasis on character. He's always been able to shoot beautifully as he does in The Martian, but maybe due to the material and the screen writer the characters shown on screen stood out. They were all believable in a situation that could possibly happen a few years from now and none of them were one dimensional. Matt Damon is the stand out for me. Not many actors can hold a movie all on their own, and sure Damon had others with him, but without him the movie would never have worked. He entertained and drove the story forward. I'm not one who watches out for the Oscars, but he is pretty much a shoo-in for a nomination.There was a lot of hype around The Martian due to the book having only come out a few years ago (a book I am a few chapters into currently). The premise behind it was simple; Man stranded waiting for rescue (Wilson!!). But the way all the problems were shown and solved by the main character as well as NASA, are very original. The attention to detail and the thought process as you follow the lone man follow logical sense; something that can't be said for a lot of films. It's fantastically made and written. The Martian will probably go down as one of my favourite movies and easily my best of the year.GO WATCH THE MARTIAN!!SCORE: 9.5/10SPOILERS GALOREThe first time I went to watch The Martian the fire alarm went off midway through so I went back the next day and happily watched it all from the start. What this movie did so well is find the balance between being nerdy science and entertaining. This could have easily been a drama and have straight faces and tears throughout. But it was far from that. Sure it had its more serious moments but they worked well with Mark's hilarious video logs on Mars. He has some of the funniest lines, some I use pretty often now; 'I've got to science the s*** out of this.' From a movie making stand point there isn't many holes you can poke, but scientifically there's a couple. None of these take anything away from the movie what so ever.I'm going to get a little nerdy in this paragraph so stick with me. I loved the way The Martian started. No need to take 30 minutes to set the scene *cough* Interstellar *cough*. But Mars's atmosphere is very thin as was pointed out towards the end of the movie with the lack of aerodynamics in the escape pod Damon flies to space in. So how was there a huge storm that could blow over the shuttle on Mars? Also, Damon should probably have died a few times but its a movie so its fine. But what took me out of it, was the end sequence of him poking a hole in his suit to thrust him towards the ship. There is no way he controls the release with such ease. This is all just me nit picking the science of a Hollywood movie. Out of all the things, I think the biggest surprise came from Sean Bean actually surviving until the end!The Martian is ultimately a celebration of problem solving. A lot of movies brush over aspects thinking the audience will be bored by the science and skip to the action. It's what this movie did so well. It explained everything perfectly without making us go, "That's just stupid." The Martian has a 140 minute run time but at no moment did I feel it dragging. Its a must watch for all movie fans out there.Also I think Matt Damon is our most decorated fake astronaut. And um NASA, if you ever read this, please hire me as one of your engineers :)SCORE: 9.5/10How many times are we going to save Matt Damon?

One of the best films of the year, this is one great survival story and a film that maintains its pace throughout. Not for a minute does it get boring. This beats 'Gravity' (2013) and 'Interstellar' (2014) for me and is officially my most favourite space film ever.The great thing I felt was that he never ever took pity on himself, or even showed any kind of fear. He simply got on with the job, let his knowledge and skills take over, and deals with ever calamity with a smile and humour.The most awesome scene of the film was yet was its ending scene, the scene where up in the space the crew and Mark meet. A real heart-in- mouth moment and it literally made me say "Wow!" sitting in the cinema hall. Also, it was a full house on a Sunday afternoon, something which made the experience somehow even better. It was a rare occasion for me as I usually go in the weekdays when more than two-thirds of the seats are empty.So all in all, a wonderful film from every possible aspect. Really enjoyed it.

I LOVED this movie.....right up to the end. But the gimmick with the hatch, and then the Iron Man stunt by the main character were just so unbelievable. Definitely a jumping the shark level of stupid, and not anywhere near as clever or scientific as the rest of the movie. Up to the end I had enjoyed and accepted pretty much everything in the movie. It was a pleasure to watch some science fiction that didn't require me (a scientist for the last 40 years) to suspend disbelief, to not be constantly thinking "THAT couldn't happen". But those final two points at the end ruined it for me. Almost made me wonder if I saw the same movie as everyone else.

Great acting, directing, plot, and score. You can't ask for anything more. Not unusual for a Ridley Scott movie. This is quite a long movie at almost 2.5 hours and may make you wonder how they can keep a "marooned" plot entertaining throughout. They do through a combination of plot twists, wit, some interesting science, parallel plots etc. And a great acting job by Damon It's a pleasure to see a movie that doesn't have to veer into excessive violence, profanity, nudity, flag waving, moralizing, or maudlin dialogue to be "entertaining". Mainstream Hollywood actually can make a good move on occasion. And this is a very good one....by an old, accomplished hand.

Did Ridley make Blade Runner, Alien, ...?Who wrote music for this movie? Or better, who chose soundtrack?While casting is "OK" and "SciFi" effects are "OK", songs used in this movie just do not go by.I would pick better songs.Shame, since it would be much better movie with properly selected songs and better sound effects.I was disappointed. I think Ridley or someone who is choosing music and sound for this kind of movies lost his/her touch.I am still waiting for better SciFi movie since Looper in this decade.

Since i've seen Interstellar (2014) it is understandable that i would be skeptical about another SF movie happening in outer space and on another planet. However, The Martian was made with such amount of self-depreciating humor that the scientific and "scientific" facts didn't disturb me at any time.And this is exactly how i suggest to watch The Martian. It is an unassuming SF pastime without the ambition to share with us some higher truth. Not reading the book is no hindrance, besides i prefer the movie to talk for itself independently from the book.My experience suggest that The Martian doesn't necessarily need to be seen in 3D. Despite some shots, scenes and scenery that are impressive, 2D would to the trick just as fine.

Oh Dear! Another Multi-Million Dollar movie spoiled by the most trivial aspects which make the whole thing unbelievable. How many more of these Martian-based movies must we endure? I'm not going to bore you with technical details, but those of you with a Scientific background will be aware of how ludicrous many of this plots premises really are. (Minor example:- A Sugar-bomb to blow off a pressure door? Even If It WERE possible, would It really not damage the Spacecraft? Remember, It's an 'open' bomb, not an enclosed one, and so It would not contain and safely direct the blast.) I'd hoped for much more...Instead, we get more of the same. Suffice It to say that a man In the position In which our 'Martian' finds himself - struggling to survive In an every-second-counts matter of life and death and surrounded by multiple obstacles - does not have the time (never mind the Will) to keep himself totally clean shaven! Personal hygiene would be bottom of the list of priorities In such a drastic situation. All those Months and never so much as a tiny bit of bristle on his chin? Can something so obvious really be beyond the common sense of a Director with an enormous budget? A man under stress doesn't shave, period! Oh, but hang on a moment...after about 18 months, bang- a full beard, seemingly overnight! Likewise - and perhaps even more stupid - his hair remains exactly the same style and length. It doesn't even become dirty or disheveled! Some will think I'm being petty, but obvious errors like this utterly spoil the 'believability' of the whole plot and destroy the continuity despite how many 'Sols' have elapsed. I can live with the fact of this plant-studying astronaut managing to grasp the Engineering, Electrical and multitude of other skills required to survive (not to mention the Initial self-surgery...what a Guy!!) but some of the Science(i.e. Pseudo-Science)Is just plain silly. I'd hoped for so much more but sadly It's yet more American flag-waving twaddle of the first order.

I am a big fan of Ridley Scott. I am a big fan of Matt Damon. "The Martian" was always going to be a difficult translation from book to screen. Scott did a good job on the technical side and Damon earned his paycheck but I never really got emotionally involved with his character the way I did in the Bourne movies. There was no "wow" factor at any stage in the movie for me. I found it quite watchable but it was not riveting and it felt like "Apollo 13" just on a grander special effects scale. Rescue missions don't usually make for exciting entertainment for me even when as in "Apollo 13", it was based on a real event and this is just a work of fiction. It would have been better if whilst marooned on Mars Damon had found signs of alien life or something and this had opened up a thought-provoking line to follow. But it was following the book and as a result there are no real scares or shocks in this movie - just a guy and a NASA team overcoming technical problems one by one. As it is I can only give this a 5 and it disappoints me to have to do so because I am a big fan of most science fiction movies.

The Martian : It has been over four decades since Ridley scott has been making some amazing movies be it his sci fi masterpiece Alien or the Epic Blockbuster Gladiator there is always something about his movies for his movies are not just movies but they are immersive experiences that will take your breath away , i still remember i was deeply impressed with Prometheus with just few minutes into the movie and Martian is no difference experience ,The movie is breathtaking , Matt Damon has given one of his best performances till date he will make you laugh and he will make you cry in due course of the movie.The scenarios are outstanding and the level of details is impressive, making them quite immersive and leading you to believe that they actually filmed in those places.The movie has to be watched in IMAX 3D if possible because only in IMAX you will get the immersive experience , overall all the cast of the movie has done splendid job.It is the best movie of the year thus far."Every human being has a basic instinct: to help each other out. If a hiker gets lost in the mountains, people will coordinate a search. If a train crashes, people will line up to give blood. If an earthquake levels a city, people all over the world will send emergency supplies. This is so fundamentally human that it's found in every culture without exception. Yes, there are assholes who just don't care, but they're massively outnumbered by the people who do" --- Mark watney

I got around to seeing the latest from director Ridley Scott over the weekend, which I may actually have to conclude is the best film I've seen so far this year. Based on the book by Andy Weir, Matt Damon stars as an astronaut stranded on Mars, after his crew believes he died in a storm and leaves him behind. I've noticed this is three years in a row Damon has starred in an amazing piece of sci-fi filmmaking, after 2013's "Elysium" and last year's "Interstellar". Damon's character, by luck would have it, is a botanist, and his biggest problem is having enough food to survive on until the next manned space crew comes into town. So he gets to work planting crops using his own s**t! He also has to figure out a way to first of all, let the people back home know he's still alive, and then communicate with them. This movie reminded me of another film- "Apollo 13", a survival thriller using ingenuity and good ol' fashioned brainpower to get to each next level, only this movie is much much better I'd say..??Also, if you're a fan of 1970's disco music, you will be dancing in your seat throughout this movie, since the captain of the crew that left him behind apparently was a big fan, and that was all the music they brought along with them-?? LOL ABBA, Donna Summer, Thelma Houston, the O'Jays, etc.. you name it; they're all there! Except the Bee Gees are noticeably absent-?? Hmmm.... No matter; absolutely LOVED LOVED this movie. I give it the highest rating possible. And I may even go as far as to say this is director Ridley Scott's best film to date, after a forty-year career in the movie business.. The film's all-star cast includes Jessica Chastain, Jeff Daniels, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Kristen Wiig, Kate Mara, Michael Pena, etc..

Ridley Scott has returned to form with The Martian due to sticking to the nuts-and-bolts of the story rather than some way-out SF-based theme(as in Prometheus). This is concerned with a space mission to Mars the red planet with a crew who are forced to leave an astronaut(MarkWatney) behind , thinking he's dead, when a dust storm blows up. Think of an Apollo 13 scenario where the astronaut played by Matt Damon has to survive until he is rescued in a very risky return by the retreating space vehicle which has to use the earth as a sling-shot device and pick him up in Martian orbit.Scott has an ease of manner at dwelling on these space subjects. He's also learned from other films, like Silent Running and Cast Away and Saving Private Ryan. With the Mariner probes we face post-fantasy Mars, where science fact squeezed out science fiction, where a real Mars took over. There are no Martians and the only life on Mars is likely to be more like microbes. Matt Damon plays a plucky individual who "does the math" to estimate how long he can spin out his resources, oxygen, water, potatoes which he grows utilizing his own faeces as compost. He establishes a communication link and keeps a video blog .Meanwhile back at NASA they are all thrilled he's still alive and calculate how many sols he's got before he dies. How soon can they send up another rocket to rescue him?Meanwhile in space we tune into the crew aboard the rocket, who when they discover he's alive have to debate pros/cons of returning to Mars or heading home to Earth. Watney can play Lieutenant Lewis's ( Jessica Chastain) awful 70s pop disco collection. Damon shows ingenuity, guts and chipper humour after his buddies have left him for dead. Classy space procedural getting the science mostly right from the Master Ridley.Science fact and pseudo-science are the new sci-fi. We are not a million miles away from making this leap of faith to go to Mars and so I found the film plausible. We are like the cave painters projecting what we are going to do in the future. Matt Damon and Scott are the cherry on the cake. A mix of Cast Away and Apollo 13: survival is all. There are fictional parts like the dust storm and the flight back and retrieval. A beautiful use of Jordanian landscapes to simulate the Martian terrain and a feeling for a few local difficulties. No inner angst, but the heady optimism of simply pushing forward for survival. Based on Andy Weir's novel.

. . . believe that the Apollo "Moon Landings" were shot on a Hollywood film stage. I would like to argue that the REAL hoax is the claim that THE MARTIAN is just a movie--NOT a documentary largely shot on Mars. There are dozens of dead-giveaways to prove my contention. I have space to list these few. First, all of Matt Damon's public appearances for at least the several years of the Ares III Mission were performed by photo doubles. I personally saw one of these next to the Visitor's (Yankee's) dugout in Detroit during a 2006 American League Division Series Game, and it wasn't very convincing. Second, releasing this space exploration documentary in the guise of a fictional feature flick spares NASA the embarrassment of owning up to a Real Life crew mutiny. Third, the backgrounds amid which Astronaut Damon maneuvers are NOT fake-looking (like STAR WARS and STAR TREK); they're clearly REAL--just not anywhere on Earth. Finally, Americans have been dying to know why we haven't nuked China already, given its shenanigans in Tibet, Africa, and on International Waters. THE MARTIAN shows WHY we've given China such wide latitude to assault the World: it's simply our way of saying "Thank you," since they played such a huge role in rescuing Astronaut Damon.

First of all... I really enjoyed The Martian, and I think that most people would. It's a long film, but it did manage to pick up the pace a bit, right when I was starting to get a little bored.Whenever a film like this, which tries to be accurate, is released... Everyone, including me, starts to pick apart the technical inaccuracies, and there are a few. The most commonly mentioned so far is the "impossible" sandstorm at the beginning of the film. Such an event is, indeed, quite impossible on Mars, and even the author admits that it was merely a plot device. He should have thought of a better one.However, there is nothing in The Martian that just screams "No Way!" to me. The author and the filmmakers did a very good job of trying to be as accurate as possible, while still allowing the story to proceed. There is some "artistic license" but there is no "deus ex machina" in The Martian. It's a good movie that doesn't betray anything that is science.Really, the most unbelievable thing that I saw in the whole movie was the gym on the Hermes -- Huge Windows and 5 times the space and gym equipment needed to accommodate 6 astronauts. It looked like the hotel gym at the Marriott. No Way would NASA or anyone else waste that kind of space, and build such an unrealistic section of the ship.As long as I'm doing my part in the nit-picking, we are once again faced, as in so many space-travel movies, with a centrifuge that is too small and/or doesn't rotate fast enough. And it doesn't feel like normal gravity either, as is readily apparent if you just gently toss a tennis ball into the air. OK, I'm done with my nit-picking.As many people already have stated, I was instantly reminded of the movie "Cast Away", with Tom Hanks. I liked Cast Away, but it did get boring at times. The Martian solves this problem by injecting a bit more humor and action into the film. Rather than Hanks' downbeat character, Damon's character is far more upbeat and involved in his own rescue throughout the entire film. I definitely did not expect the humor that is present throughout the film. Whether it was script-writing, ad-libbing, or a combination of the two, it worked out quite well.As with most movies of this type, the ending is poor compared to the rest of the film. The climax is so over-the-top dramatic that I didn't get the least bit excited about it. The thing is... the film didn't even Need a climax. The climax was already built in. A guy has survived on Mars for well over one year. Just being rescued at all is a climax. Instead, we got a bomb set off aboard a spaceship -- intentionally -- and some kind of glove-thruster maneuver.I think that a much better ending would have been Watney passing out during the launch (which he did in the movie) and then waking up to slowly see the Hermes come into focus, nearby, slowly approaching, and a waiting Hermes crew-member with an outstretched hand. Add a few tears if you like that sort of thing.Too bad this film didn't get to show on IMAX.Overall, a great film. It's definitely worth it to see it in on the big screen.

I wondered whether this movie would be able to live up to the hype and I'm pleased to say it sure did from my point of view.I think Matt Damon was perfect as the lead in this sci-fi/sci-fact gem. I did find the story very believable for the most part.I have some minor concerns over the casting of some roles - in particular Sean Bean. If you need a Brit accent, you can find someone with much better acting skills (and accent too!!!). But as he's in a smaller role, it doesn't detract from the good points of this movie.It appears to me that a lot of thought went into the geographical locations and probably some input from NASA to give the movie authenticity.I saw the movie in 3D and was pleased with the effects. If you enjoyed Gravity, I think you will enjoy this even more. It's a long movie, but well worth sitting through. Personally I really enjoyed the whole concept and the well crafted story. The pace was good. It worked for me.I feel sure this will get a few nominations in the Oscars - I'd vote for Matt Damon as Best Actor.

So many flaws in this pro American fist pumping monstrosity my brother and myself nearly left the cinema. I went in using Interstellar as my benchmark which was a mistake as this falls so short of Nolans epic that its not comparable in anyway.Ill list a few glaring errors here to explain what lack of attention to detail Scott has, so stop reading if you don't want any spoilers:1: Firstly no-one states in a press release especially NASA and especially if they are not sure that someone has died. He was missing not even confirmed dead so he wouldn't have stated that.2: NASA scientists don't celebrate halfway through a launch phase like they have won $5000 on the Superbowl only to realise that the next second the whole rocket explodes. They are professionals with a holistic view of what is happening on board a complex space craft. they don't celebrate until they know they are in the clear.3: Whilst trying to work out where Mark was going the only map of mars they seemed to have in the whole of mission control was a picture wall hanging in the mess room. Surely they have a more detailed map or digitised version to look at. Come on seriously!4:The whole first 3/4s of the movie is an vague montage style overview of how NASA would (or wouldn't) act in a crisis situation. At one point they tell the JPL to build a rocket in about 4 weeks. Which they do with no representation of how monumental or impossible that task is. Next thing the rocket is flying into space like they have rockets to spare in the closet. Ridiculous!5: When does 2 world class physicists describe a space crafts velocity in a rescue environment to each other using the terminology "Its going really fast". This was a key indication that this film is meant for the dumb and uneducated population.6: More fist pumping and hurrah American rubbish than i've seen in most movies.7: Nice play Ridley on the world united together to help each other out bit. China helping America. What a nice gesture. but it didn't last with Sean Bean snide remark to the Chinese space agency in their own mission control that they haven't used their kind of technology since the 90's. Remember Americans if you were worried. WE America ARE STILL THE BEST AND THE COLD WAR IS STILL GOING!!! GO America AND SCREW YOU BACKWARDS CHINA!8: Ending is a kids movie. Iron man, a man flying uncontrollably through space with no control into the hands of a space walker at X'thousand miles and hour. Absolutely shocking.9: The soundtrack. ABBA and generic pop disco! The worst soundtrack i've ever heard. However, Not even a decent northern soul soundtrack (which would have been a more tasteful well researched alternative) could have rescued this scientific mumbo jumbo from the pit of eternal nonfactual rubbish.10. The end montage shows 2 of the crew members casually give their new born child a peck on the forehead and basically ignoring it as whats on the telly is far more important and interesting than the current situation they are just experiencing. Now i'm not an astronaut but science is my religion and i am a father. And any other parent knows that at the point of giving birth, that scene is a sweaty chaotic scene far from the pristine relaxed 'hey darling heres some muffins i just pulled out of the oven' scene that Ridley portrays. Has he seen anyone give birth? Not only that but the mother of said child seems to bear the smallest amount of care and attention to the life that has just emerged from within her. Female astronaut who would have decent grasp of big life events: "Hang on darling. Jerry Springers on the telly and two midgets are about to have a proper ding dong. Hold the baby while i finish my bumper pack of cheesy nibbles. Ill kiss her later. This midget battle cant be missed" What a joke! Fellow crew member and now father of freshly born son/daughter in the midst of a life changing experience: But darling we have just witnessed one of life's biggest miracles. Do you not care?"Female astronaut who would have decent grasp of big life events: "Oh alright one quick peck on the babies head. but only a quick one this is going to be epic. Its not even my baby anyway. its a prop which i'm going to make really clear to the viewers. Im a proper method actor me."On a positive the costume department was ace and if you love potatoes go and see this movie now!!!!!!!No more Ridley Scott for me i'm afraid. Nothing decent has come from this man since Blade Runner and Gladiator.

During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.Although at this point I have only seen three of the eight Best Picture nominees, I feel confident in saying that "The Martian" deserves to win. Although Ridley Scott is not nominated for Best Director (odd considering this is his best film in a long time or possibly ever), and the only acting nomination is for Matt Damon (who will likely lose to Leonardo DiCaprio)... this movie nails it on the story alone.By all means, this can win in the Best Adapted Screenplay category, as well. No, I have not read the original book so I do not know what Drew Goddard put into it. And no, I have not seen all the other nominees yet. I suspect "Big Short" is also an excellent script. But again, this film succeeds based on two things: incredible suspense and a strong script. Is all the science strictly accurate? No. Apparently some key things, such as the "fierce storm", are not correct. But we believe it. Everyone speaks as though they know what they say, and unlike "Star Wars" (or even "Star Trek") this is clearly based on reality.In recent years, it seems that a space movie somehow sneaks into the top Academy nominees. After "Gravity" and "Interstellar", we have this. And I dare say they are getting better. "Gravity" was a good exploration of visuals, but not a deep film. "Interstellar" took everything to the next level, even to the point of being a mind-bender. Here, I think we have the perfect balance: hard science and space danger. What could have been two hours of boring, bland scenes of a man in a desert end up being exciting and you can feel the desperation -- and more importantly the endless optimism and hope.The bulk of the film's nominations are in production design, sound and other effects. These are well-deserved, and it may take home a few. Not being an expert, it is hard to judge sound editing. But this is the sort of movie where such a thing can make or break the picture. There will be some strong competition, but the designs of the NASA equipment are impressive and the sounds are excellent. The visual effects are a harder sell, with some of the low-gravity moments seeming a bit off somehow.The takeaway: expect a win or two in the technical categories. Of the bigger awards, Damon is a contender for Best Actor but will not win. Best Adapted Screenplay ought to be a lock, and if it gets nothing else this is the film's strong suit. For my money, "The Martian" has Best Picture written all over it, but the experts are leaning more towards "The Revenant" or "Spotlight"... on that, we will have to agree to disagree.

I'm going to try and keep this as short and simple as I can. This is one of the best and enjoyable movies that I have seen in a long long time. Ignore the negative reviews and be the judge yourself. And to those negative reviews I say this....It's a movie!!! I'ts not a physics or a science lecture....it's a movie to sit and be engrossed in. Simple as!If there has to be one reason and one thing that I haven't given this film a 10, it is because, I hate films that 'wind up' after 2 hours by rushing the ending. Spoiler Alert!! After such a brilliant movie, why after the rescue, could they not spend at least another 5 mins shooting the return to Earth? It was almost like, quick! We've 3 mins left, let's cut the last bit of the movie. I hate that! I so wanted the ending to be as good as the previous 2+ hours and I'm sure it could have been and who knows there maybe a Directors cut that will address this, but you be the judge. Apart from that I can't wait to see it again.

Having ready the book twice the defining characteristic of the book is logic and scientific thought. Together they can give you the best chance at overcoming obstacles. I expected some of those obstacles to have to be edited out for the film, but was surprised more than 50% of the book disappeared.And through it all, still the 'look at these geeks, what are they doing' attitude was portrayed again and again, rather than in the book where this basic intelligent, creative behaviour is taken as a given. It was quite depressing.And then, at the end, a diversion from the book around the rescue. Logic logic logic. and yet we have the commander offering to go and do a dangerous task for no good reason. It was the final smack in the mouth to the book. The final indication that Hollywood couldn't understand logic thought if it came up to them and introduced itself to them.I'd urge everyone to read the book, and forget this film. Unless they are a moron - in which case I'm sure you'll find it a challenging scientific documentary.

This seems to happen a lot - I'll look for a movie, see that it has a good rating, then scan the first several (in this case 5) pages of reviews and see overwhelmingly bad ratings. This leads me to wonder whether people are getting paid for writing good reviews for a movie they may not have even seen. So I saw the 8.2 average for The Martian and thought it'd be worth a watch. Well, it was worth a watch, but only if you suspend disbelief, like, MAJORLY. I'm no rocket scientist but when someone says there was an explosion because he EXHALED too much OXYGEN..and that's just the tip of the iceberg. I'd heard that it was a sci-fi comedy of sorts so was somewhat prepared for Matt Damon's numerous one-liners, but I was really disappointed by the lack of character development not only in his character but in all of them. And Kristin Wiig? Why?? She was SO out of place, as was Jeff Daniels.Anyway, no spoilers here, just a general 'meh' about the movie's numerous plot holes, its lack of tension due to no empathy created for the characters, and for its completely predictable and anticlimactic (and unrealistic) resolution.

"Dear America, remember that astronaut we killed and had a really nice  funeral for? Turns out he's alive, and we left him on Mars. Our bad,  sincerely NASA."  I hope NASA draws its conclusions after watching this film. Namely  rearranging their budget. First, they can scrap these expensive looking  airlocks and replace them by locks made of cellophane which is attached  with use of duct tape. Now they can use that extra budget for a reserve  communication system in the base station so that any abandoned  crew-member can still contact the control center in Houston if the  initial one fails. They would hear for the first time: "Houston, I have  a problem". That was the first thing that flashed through my mind after  watching this otherwise smashing great SF, created by the unsurpassed,  "my all time favorite" brilliant director Ridley Scott. The (for me)  blatant misstep "Exodus", is hereby forgiven.  Mars is hot. Not literally, of course. But the recent revelations of  NASA about flowing water and solar storms that changed Mars into a  cold, dry planet, made sure Mars came to be the center of attention.  It's not really science fiction anymore, because there are plans  already to built settlements on Mars around 2023. Contrary to what's  shown in "The Martian", these settlers will depart with a "one way  ticket". Best those volunteers say goodbye thoroughly because their  final destination is the local crematorium on Mars. Initially this  wouldn't happen with the scientists in "The Martian". Until there's a  terrible storm showing up which forces them to pack their bags and  catapult themselves from this red planet. But they weren't expecting  debris flying around, causing Mark Watney (Matt Damon) to be impaled  like a delicious souvlaki. And then he sits there alone on that damn  planet, light years away from his home planet. Remi on Mars. Or the new  Robinson Crusoe. But this time without an ocean.  Matt Damon apparently prefers to play the stranded space traveler,  since he also did that in "Interstellar". The big difference with  "Interstellar" lies in the scientific accuracy. The solutions Mark  comes up with to survive and the circumstances on Mars, are  theoretically possible (only the devastating storm at the beginning is  fiction). This in contrast with "Interstellar" where everything is  based on theories which aren't tested in reality. We know about "black  holes". They are kind of interstellar hatches. But we still don't know  for sure where you end up, after tumbling in such a hole, and what  effect it has on time. I guess this is still a mystery. Sadly enough,  "The Martian" also has some points of comparison with "Gravity", that  other space-epic that turns into a survival trip avant la lettre. Just  like in that movie, the setbacks follow in rapid succession. The only  difference, in "Gravity" it's grossly exaggerated.  What I liked the most was the perfect balance between scientific  gibberish, the tension and the perfectly dosed humorous moments. The  scientific part was even for a layman like myself perfectly  apprehend-able. Partly thanks to the sometimes reliable explanations  from the video-log which Mark kept from day one. Needless to say the  film is filled with nerve-racking, exciting moments. But especially the  comic moments made this an enjoyable film. A perfect task for Matt  Damon with his charming, boyish smile who solves every problem with a  casual quip and a dose of positivism and perspective. Even the control  center of NASA, which is filled to the brim with humorless, serious  science nerds, made me smile from time to time. I never thought that  the combination of queerly disco music, old episodes of "Happy Days"  and aluminum-wrapped human excrement's, could amuse me.  Money wasn't an issue for making this blitz film. Not only is this  demonstrated by the used images, but also by the star-cast. Besides  Damon there's also Jeff "Dumb and Dumber" Daniels, Sean "Boromir" Bean,  Chiwetel "12 Years a Slave" Ejiofor, Jessica "Interstellar" Chastain  and Sebastian "Winter Soldier" Stan. Each and everyone performs  brilliantly. And furthermore, the images of space, the landscape of  Mars and the spacecrafts are beautifully portrayed. Sadly enough at the  apotheosis, the MacGyver-level was extremely high. Let's hope that the  Soviet Union isn't offended in their honor because the Chinese salvaged  the situation. Fortunately we were spared from a mass of waving  American flags in the end. But despite the "We love NASA" and "We will  prevail" atmosphere, this was a superb movie, worth a re-watch. A top  survival drama.

"At some point, everything's gonna go south on you and you're going to say, this is it. This is how I end. Now you can either accept that, or you can get to work." Finally a manned mission to Mars has taken place and a group of astronauts are conducting tests on the planet. When a storm hits the crew tries to make it back to their ship but Mark Watney (Damon) is struck and lost. With no other choice the crew leaves without him and they fear the worst. When Nasa receives a message from Mark a plan is needed not only to retrieve him, but to find a way to keep him alive on a barren planet. Mark must see how resourceful he can be. Every once in a while a movie comes out where you want to tell everyone you know to see it because its that good. This is one of those movies. To me the sci fi genre has had a strong showing the last few years with movies like Gravity, Intersteller and now this one. This movie has suspense, drama and a ton of comedy. This is one of the most entertaining times I have had watching a movie in a while. This is a movie that is done well, super entertaining and one that you can watch over and over again. Overall, a movie that had the suspense of Apollo 13 but lighter and more fun to watch. I highly recommend this. Watch this today. I give this an A+.

film "the Martian" is a PLAGIARISM of the script which Russian writer Mikhail Rashodnikov sent in 2009 in different studios Hollywood... received,as a result,the failure and only "20th century Fox" promised to think about it and then refused... in 2009 the same year he began screening the film in Russia. but, in 2012 in the U.S. published the book which debuted author. and here,in this book we shoot a movie... the plot is the same!! Mars,the storm,one of the crew members accidentally to survive and trying to save him,he grows food on the station and so on. only,in Russian flight go to Mars the first the Russian team... for 'alien' by Ridley Scott borrowed a lot of tricks with another Russian Director (to recognize his team in interviews). however, the folder (worth millions, if not billions of $), he represented Russia in Hollywood, desperately trying to remove the fiction in Soviet times. but Scott probably turned ungrateful bastard took kindness for ..., and this time decided to just steal,or a hostage situation with book.unfortunately,many realized that the links I make are not able. looking for information about the Russian original, on the Internet and on request in Russian,mentioning the name of the Director

The film is NOT called Bring Him Home in case you were wondering. 78 year old Ridley Scott returns to science fiction, the genre he is best known for (Alien/Blade Runner/Prometheus). Though this scifi is much more based on real world science of the near future (2030) than the aforementioned movies. The book on which it's based got a lot of critical acclaim but I didn't read it so I can't say how well the story made the translation to the big screen. The Martian is a rather uplifting -yes dare I say feel good- film despite the apparently grim fate that befalls Mark Whatley (the astronaut stranded on Mars played by Matt Damon). You could say it's a testament to the resourcefulness of humans in dire situations and how you have to keep a positive attitude and not give in in spite of all the hardship that comes your way. Visually the movie is -as most Ridley Scott films are- pure eye-candy. The VFX looks hyperreal and are top of the line and the cinematography is superb. The music is mostly disco music but there is a reason for that in the story and it actually works well as a comedic effect. The film is actually similar to Apollo 13 which was better but was also based on true events. The Martian is a bit long at 141 mins and there is maybe a bit to much problem solving and sometimes not enough character background (e.g. what motivates Whatley to survive?). A very good film and worth the trip to the cinemas. It does however feels like it is lacking something to make it to classic status.

Ridley Scott is definitely one of the most hit or miss directors out there. "Blade Runner" and "Alien" are clearly his most praised works. "Gladiator" is definitely a classic and it has a pretty big fanbase. Also, some people argue that "Black Hawk Down" is even on the same level with "Apocalypse Now" and other classic war films (which by the way, I agree with that statement). However, he has also produced many hated films in the 2000's which have been called major disappointments by many. However, I still had hopes for this one because sci-fi tends to be his strongest genre. My anticipation definitely paid off and "The Martian" is clearly the best film he's made in a while and it proves that it might be his comeback.After an astronaut gets stranded on Mars after a storm hits his crewmates, he finds out that he must find a way to signal Earth that he is still alive and he has to figure out how to survive until then.There have been a lot of comparisons to last years "Interstellar". Unlike "Interstellar", this film doesn't contain any expositions and it gets right to the inciting incident. Despite this, we never get confused during the film as it doesn't expect us to have read the book. It explains things nicely and the plot flows along smoothly. "Interstellar" is also very heavy on science. However, this film doesn't focus too much on intricate science concepts and it is a film which can be enjoyed by more people on the first viewing. Also, it is much less bland and its pacing makes it an easier film to watch. So for this reason, I enjoyed it much more than "Interstellar".Also, I really enjoyed the visuals. The outside shots gave a great feel about how Mars looked and it made it look like a barren and desolate area. The shots from the ship looked very futuristic and it made the living quarters look super advanced and high tech. The atmosphere in the movie couldn't be much better and it really makes you feel that this film actually was filmed in space. It may not be anything new or groundbreaking in terms of space visuals but I usually don't ever mind that as long as the visuals are not underwhelming and this movies visuals are most certainly not underwhelming at all. They interested me greatly and they looked very realistic.Most of the screen time is focused on Matt Damon in this movie. I felt that he gave a great performance. It may not be anything Oscar-worthy but he still gave a realistic performance. He was the only actor I really noticed for the majority of the movie but that didn't bother me at all because he carried the movie very well by himself.Like most great movies, however, it isn't flawless. The pacing was a bit too slow for me at times and I felt that it could have been cut to 2 hours instead. I also felt that some scenes carried on longer than they had to. However, this didn't bother me all that much and I still enjoyed it a great deal.After "Gravity" and "Interstellar" grew very popular, it seems that the space survival genre is starting to become popular and we might see more films like this in the next several years. Hopefully, Ridley Scott learns off of what he did right in this movie so he can apply what he learned and make more great films in the future. I'm not completely sure if this is true but I think that this film might be his comeback into fame and he might make good films again as he once did. This is one of my favorite films so far this year and make sure you see it as soon as possible. You will not be disappointed at all.

Overall this was kind of flat. It lacked dramatic flare. Given the situation of an individual being trapped on Mars I would have expected more intensity. Perhaps the movie was just too long. There were a few times where I was simply bored. The movie tended to overwhelm one with technical details.The ending could have done without crowds cheering at Times Square/Piccadilly – this seemed contrived.The cinematography was great – of both Mars and space capsule scenes. Matt Damon was adequate, but I was expecting better. The storyline worked and was rational – with no silly hocus-pocus type scenes – so this kept my rating up.

I read the book when it came out in 2011 and I when they announced they where going to do the movie I was thrilled:The book is not your typical Sci-Fi drama, it has touches of humor I really liked and it was written in a close and relatable way (as wired as it may sound talking about a not so far plausible futuristic scenario)I think Ridley Scott transferred it brilliantly to the screen with spectacular visuals and special effects ( I recommend you watch the movie in a dolby atmos cinema for the full experience).Is it the best Ridley Scott movie? Possibly not (considering he did masterpieces like Alien and Blade Runner) but it damn sure will be the highlight of the year.

Watched The Martian Featured an Amazing Performance from a Stellar Lead Matt Damon(Elysium) as Mark Watney . Also Featuring the Talented Jessica Chastain(Interstellar)as Commander Melissa Lewis ,Kate Mara(Fantastic Four) as Beth Johanssen.Sebastian Stan(Captain America:The Winter Soldier) as Chris Beck , Michael Pena(American Hustle) as Rick Martinez ,Jeff Daniels(Looper) as Teddy Sanders, Kristen Wiig(Bridesmaids) as Annie Montrose , Sean Bean(Troy) as Mitch Henderson and Chitewel Ejifor(Serenity,12 Years A Slave) as Vincent Kapoor , As a fan of the book they really Condensed which is understandable also it was very different from how I Imagined it but in a good way I imagined his Potato Crop to Much smaller also the HAB As well, the film was brilliant also it while it wasn't able to get all of the book it did tell the key SOL otherwise the movie would have been 4 Hours 21 mins Instead of 2 Hours 21 Minutes, Even though I knew The Ending it was still pretty intense my Only Complaint was Irrfan Khan should've been casted as Vincent Kapoor since he was Indian in the book not black though great performance from Matt Damon he Imagined How Mark Watney is .amazing From Production Design from Arthur Max(Gladiator) , Costume design from Janty Yates(Prometheus), Musical Score from Harry Gregson-Williams(The Chronicles Of Narnia:Prince Caspian) ,Screenplay By Drew Goodard(Cabin In The Woods) and Direction from Ridley Scott(Blade Runner) a Brilliant Science fiction film that is clever, fun and intense 8/10

I know, a lot of people love this science-fiction film based on Andrew Weir's novel of the same name. However this film about an astronaut, Mark Whatney (Matt Damon) being stuck on Mars after a botch mission was just meh to me. Don't get me wrong, I like the film about a man trying to science, the sh*t out of his dilemma in order to survive, yet I can't overlook the film's large jarring blemishes. First off, in comparison to director Ridley Scott's other stabs at Science Fiction, The Martian is considerably more cheery and upbeat than those other films. This overbearing optimistic tone to the film, kinda hurts the film, a bit, because it rarely allows the movie to very suspenseful or intense. Its way, too one-sided idealism. You rarely see the main character remoted any other, type of an emotional, besides his happy go lucky/problem solving persona. I know, astronauts are supposed to be brave, but gees, this man is not realistic at all. The movie doesn't really explore, the depth of his personality, much. I know, very little of the man, besides that he's a botanist and a joker. You don't know, why he's so willing to survive. Does he have love-ones? Does he have big dreams, back at home? Who knows, the movie doesn't exposition that. Also, you rarely see, examples, of scenes, showing his fears and his flaws. You don't know, if this guy has a breaking point? You don't know, if the lack of food, or the pressures of living on Mars is, messing with his body & mind, because the movie never once, investigates it. The man acts the same, from beginning to end. I find the lack of emotion weight from this movie, somewhat bland. Matt Damon is a fine actor, but if he isn't given, much to work with; he comes across, as playing himself. After all, Matt Damon already had the experience of being the only living human on an uninhabitable planet. His role as Dr. Mann in 2014's Interstellar, had more complexity in his personality than this. I really, didn't see, anything in the film that felt like character development. It was, a very featureless performance. Honestly, I can see, anybody playing this character. It's not much of a stretch. I know, that sounds a bit harsh, but the emotional depth in this film is so thin. It reminds me of the Martian's surface. Where are those scenes of Mark Whatney dealing with extreme loneliness, depression, or better yet, his own morality, because it's needed, badly?! While the supporting cast is semi- strong, featuring the likes of Michael Pena, Sean Bean, Jeff Daniels, & Chiwetel Ejiofor. I didn't like, all their choices. Many of the supporting actors, are playing roles that isn't that new, to them. A Kate Mara's character always working on the computer. No surprised there. Jessica Chastain as a brilliant mathematician/semi-lead character. Saw it, already in 2014. Sean Bean's character, not dying. Never mind, that one is pretty surprising. However, bringing on so many characters with their own part to play in a very unrealistic rescue mission plan, slows things down, unlike in 1995's Apollo 13, which made a more heroic, realistic viewpoint of NASA and what really could be possible. For a movie that says, let's science the sh*t out of this! This movie's events in the terms of scientific possibility is half correct; with the other half, being close-enough. Without going into much detail, the biggest insult to science, besides the large rockets on Mars's thin surface is probably the whole 'Iron Man/bomb' maneuver. You can research, how impractical, that maneuver is, on your free time. Anyways, I really didn't like, how the movie change the ending from the book. The whole 'where are they now' epilogue was very anticlimax, when you think about it. I don't want to sound, so clichés, but sadly, in my opinion, the book's ending is a lot better than this movie. There's just so much more in the novel that is amazing, that they had to cut out for time reasons. Still, author Andy Weir very much approved of the film version. However, there were some minor nitpicking from him. Like, how he wished the movie opened up with Watney already stranded, and more exposition, toward the sciences. I have to say, the movie's visuals/special effects are breath-taking. The movie is kinda worth watching in 3D. The music is alright for the most part. Not a huge fan of Disco, but its works, within the story of the film. Harry Gregson Williams' score is also pretty impressive, with a tone that bounces between intellectual and scientific while also being hopeful and inspiring. The movie has some funny moments, so it's entertaining in that value. Check out, the Council of Elrond scene with Sean Bean for awesomeness. Also, check out the Five In-Universe style promos for the film: 'Farewell" 'The Right Stuff', 'Our Greatest Adventure', "Leave Your Mark" & "Bring Him Home'. Those are a lot of fun. Overall: Director Ridley Scott did a pretty good job, however, it's no Ron Howard's 1995's masterpiece Apollo 13. There seem to be, something missing in this triumph of science, teamwork, and the human spirit; to make me, really like it. However, if you like films like Apollo 13, Interstellar, or Gravity. I have to say, you probably would like this film. So check it out.

The Martian is a fantastic movie with a very well developed storyline and an outstanding cast. I was very surprised with how good this film really was, it may look like a clichéd Ridley Scott film at first, but it had a very compelling story that sucks you in almost immediately, you are drawn to these characters and their adventure from start to finish. It is difficult to comprehend how logical it is, even though you may not know whether it is possible to survive on Mars, you can tell that Scott and Goddard did their research and made sure that Mark Watney's methods of survival made sense. One thing that I think could have improved was the sense of losing hope, there is never a moment where Mark or any other NASA employees completely lose hope in succeeding in their journey, no part were all of their plans completely fall apart and there is no sign of their problems being solved, this is an aspect of storytelling that should certainly be evident in all movies, it builds the audiences care for the characters. The films cast is fantastic, Matt Damon shines in the lead role and I could easily say this is one of the greatest performances of his career, Mark is very funny, I was surprised at how much he made me laugh, he was also likable and charming. Damon also has a lot of depth, there's certainly two sides to him, though he always seems confident he will make it home, we can always see doubt and frustration in his eyes, in his voice, the characterization of Watney was phenomenal and he deserves huge praise. He is also joined by an outstanding supporting cast that are just as inspired, I can not possibly name them all but I have to mention Jessica Chastain, a fabulous actress who is slowly becoming one of my favourites, Chiwetel Ejiofor steals every scene he is in as usual and Jeff Daniels really impressed me playing a flawed character who somehow never loses likability, Kristen Wiig also deserves praise, while this movie is funny, she surprisingly never delivers a single humorous piece of dialogue and is a very impressive dramatic actress, I look forward to hopefully seeing her in more dramas in the future. Intriguing, terrific effects, stunning character development and a flawless cast, the Martian is one of the best movies of the year, not to be missed by any fans of Sci-Fi or Adventure. After being presumed dead while on a manned mission to Mars, Mark Watney tries to get in contact with NASA, shocking his crew and the rest of the world in the process by discovering he is still alive. He must fight for survival on Mars while NASA plans his rescue. Best Performance: Matt Damon

With all the fanfare and box office success, this feature falls flat on its face. The writing is on par with straight-to-video features. Two of the actors in this film starred in another much better sci-fi movie. In the other film, these two actors had a better script, well-timed suspense, believability and a compelling story to tell. Is it possible that the people who worked on this film were surprised that it was a hit? Probably. If you haven't seen this movie yet, have low expectations - really low.The best possible outcome from this film is that there will not be a sequel.

After watching Apollo 13, I decided to watch The Martian and I was expecting a lot from this movie. But unfortunately, it was nowhere near to what I was expecting or in fact, "reality".Apart from the red planet surface of mars and perhaps the mars rover, nothing in this movie seems realistic. The gravity of mars is about 1/3rd of the earth but Matt Damon seems to walk exactly like on earth. Even after being left alone on an uninhabitable planet, no feeling of being alone or even being scared to die seemed to emerge.Above all, disco music in the background made the matter worse. It seemed like being alone on mars is like a weekend party?!And why everything seemed to be so "High Tech". So many things looked unrealistic. Even the main control room of NASA was too dark to even work at? What was that about? It was very well depicted in Apollo 13. And out of nowhere, Chinese people decide to help NASA by revealing their secret space mission? It is even hard to think of China working along with USA, let alone revealing a secret mission.Then the whole team of astronauts just decide to go for the rescue mission right away even after knowing all the risks and time it will take? Seriously, it takes me more time to decide which burger I wanna eat at a restaurant.In the end, after 561 SOL, eating only potatoes and a piece of bread, Matt doesn't seem to lose as much weight as he should have..And the whole mission was being telecast on big screens like it was an Olympic game or something. Really? Since when NASA is so open about their missions -.-'Overall experience, I just liked the Visual effects/CGI used to create the surface of mars, ships, and other things. But otherwise, very disappointed by the movie. I still haven't watched Gravity yet, I hope that will help me recover from my headache given by "The Martian".

Just watched this movie last night , OMG what a fantastic film it is .. it got me hooked from the beginning till the end . I absolutely love this film don't know why it has some negative reviews this is a masterpiece ! acting , graphics , cinematography are awesome and the scientists in most of films act like robots .. but in this movie they are funny , witty and interesting . just watch this movie you will not be disappointed .pros - 1. Realistic sci-fi movie till date. 2. Matt Damon is awesome. 3. loved the comedy thought it is going to be a tough , sad movie about survival but it's not. 4. interesting plot , brilliant direction.cons- 1.nothing really i wish he spends some more time on mars. 2.If you read the book first you may be a bit disappointed as they say book is better than movie but i loved this film.

After watching the movie and reading all the reviews i am really surprised that few people even given this movie thumbs down. Just because this movie bends few rules of science. Well apparently then i have to say people don't understand the meaning of the word "science fiction". I will give this movie 9 on 10 in every section. The concept, story- line and script were masterclass. Matt Damon was the best choice for the lead role and my god he gave a spectacular performance.Movie deserves the extra credit for the song choices. Its like "The Martian" and "I will survive" were made for each other.The Movie was Awesome (A capital because it is deserved)in every sense!!!

This is not a movie about a stranded guy on Mars. It's a movie about an American guy left stranded on Mars. It's not a movie the explorers true emotions in a guy completely lost in outer space. It 's a movie that shows, and salutes, high spirit and an ability to take everything with a toothpaste smile in the darkest circumstances. Its not a movie that surprises you in any way. It's a movie that tries to surprise you so much that you pretty quickly understand that this will be a consistent pattern throughout the movie.My hope was to get inside the mind of a guy left alone from earth, totally alienated, and with a challenge to sustain himself with food in a race against time. Nothing more.It doesn't show any significant amount of doubt or fear but instead it shows scenes with action again and again which eliminates any chance of connecting with the story in any empathic way.And on top of the cake you had the whole stereotype team spirit with his crew and NASA and yes, the whole American nation. One big happy family...../SimonPs. When you read reviews that gives max score check to see if the user has made more than one review. If not consider the possibility of a lobbyist. If you agree consider putting this post scriptum at the bottom at your own reviews.

I honestly want someone to explain to me how this movie is good. I have no idea why it has any 10/10 reviews. It was unfunny, lacking heart and overall didn't make sense plot wise. It had some good special effects that were fun to see in the theatre which is why I didn't give it a 1/10. I definitely didn't need to witness Matt Damon's bad comic timing or his gross naked butt. I was told that this movie was like "interstellar injected with joss whedon" but boy oh boy was that a lie. It was more like a nature documentary injected with open mic night at the ucb. The writing was lazy and as far as the acting goes all I can say is that they made the most with what they were given. Except for Matt Damon. They definitely should have cast someone funnier for his role. Believe the bad reviews. Don't see this movie.

Movies about space seem to be the new 'dystopia' movie with its rising popularity. We had Interstellar and Gravity, and both were very heavy and intense films. So it was a nice change for The Martian to have a lighter mood while still having space complications. The humour of Watney's character complements the film nicely and helps to lift the mood of the seriousness of his situation.Damon plays his role superbly and delivers his lines perfectly. His delivery is very natural and the vlogs that he does (which ultimately speaks directly to us) is informative without being too obvious of a tell. The chemistry between him and the rest of the crew members are well formed, especially with Chastain and Pena. There was even a hint of something else going on with Chastain and Damon's characters but that might just have been too much of Hollywood's influence that made me think that. Glover does a fantastic job as a sort of 'mad scientist' of the computer generation, and there is a hint of Troy (from Community) in there too. Ejiofor too does a great job as the communication link between NASA and Watney. Pretty much all actors and actresses held their own. The inclusion of so many characters with quite equal screen time (save for Damon) shows how the people working in NASA all need to collaborate in this highly sensitive atmosphere.The visuals of Mars are impressive, and according to my friend those Mars scenes were shot in The Grand Canyon. The desolate landscape and reddish brown colour of the dirt is convincing as an alien planet and the structures and equipment used there seems quite realistic. The design of everything is great, down to the visual effects and soundtrack.I am not really concerned about the physics and mathematics of the film, and choose to believe that what happened in the film can be done. The collaboration between NASA to help Watney figure out ways to survive is also shown in a montage which was cool to watch. What was not realistic was Watney's body transformation. I realize that weight loss would have been tremendous, but there are a few shots of a very skinny body with the face hidden which was definitely not Matt Damon and that bothers me.Overall, an impressive film with an engaging story, great acting and cool visuals that will transport you away.Read more movie reviews at: championangels.wordpress.com

Ridley Scott's "The Martian" is pretty much a marginally great movie, but I would rather insert it in the "marginally really good movie" category. This sci-fi light comedy focuses on astronaut Mark Watney. Poor Mark was left for dead in Mars by his fellow astronaut crew members when a mission to Mars had an accidental explosion. However, NASA eventually found a mark that revealed that Mark is really alive, and now their challenger, I mean challenging mission is to bring Mark back safely. A good chunk of "The Martian" resembles the "Castaway" makeup: a man stranded alone and fighting for not just physical survival but psychological survival; differences: one is an island, and the other one is in a planet, and also one talks to a volleyball named Wilson, and the other one talks to a video screen named... wait Mark did not give the video screen a name, maybe he should have called it Screenie. Anyways, Scott's directorial vision is out-of- this-world and is deservant of Best Director nomination love; it really moved me how he was able to incorporate disco music in a sci-fi flick. Drew Goddard's screenplay worked on the comedic fare, but lost me a bit with the way-too-much scientific technical verbose. Matt Damon was excellent as Watney. The supporting acting was also not spaced-out in acting proficiency; which included outstanding work from Jessica Chastain, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jeff Daniels, Kate Mara, Michael Peña, and Sean Bean. You Should Be Dancing, I mean seeing "The Martian"; there is some really cool hot (yes, I am disco oxymoron)stuff for you to discover. **** Good

So, as I am writing this, the rating of the movie is 8.2 and I agree with it.The movie is entertaining. The story is interesting and grabs your attention. I think there are not many scenes which are boring and the time of the movie ( which is more than two hours) does pass fast. However, although I like disco music and those Gloria Estefan and Gloria Gaynor songs are cute in the movie, somehow, I feel that those uplifting songs are a bit misplaced in the movie. Don't know what kind of a soundtrack would fit better, but this one is ...It was kinda strange to me that the Martian did not start to look thiner sooner considering the lack of food and all... Yes, there is the scene after shower where we see him very thin and bruised, but, I think it is kinda too late. OK, I can imagine someone being determined to stay alive, but I also believe that all the tasks would not look so easy. So, that kind of plausibility was a bit off for me.I read this is a low budget and all ... I did not know that or noticed. But I did wonder where they shot the movie... Moroccan desert or Arizona? It did not look very Mars to me.Anyway, not bad. Certainly better than many of the space movies I have seen.

Set in the not so distant future, The Martian tells about one of the first manned missions to Mars and how one of the astronauts gets left behind when an enormous sandstorm forces the crew to abort the mission. The story is about him trying to survive with extremely limited resources until help can arrive. For it takes about four years to get from Earth to Mars - they have to build the spaceship from scratch and all that - yet he only has food for a few months.Matt Damon plays the lead role here and even though he has been in many good movies previously, I'd still claim that this is one of his finest yet. His range and his skill for acting out complex emotions without verbalizing them is what keeps us grounded, what keeps us with him throughout his ordeal. A nuanced, brilliant performance, deserving of the highest praise. Yet the film also has a very good supporting cast and I like that they focus on the happenings on Earth as well. NASA has rarely looked better on film than it does here.I was also pleasantly surprised how captivating the movie was, given its style and story. Much of the film is really nothing more than constant, endless problem solving, with Damon's character Mark Watney having to overcome problem after another, likewise with NASA. It's a great movie about science and for science. Studying engineering or getting a Ph.D. in something else has never looked more inviting. Yet the movie is never boring, like some of you might think based on what I just said. The emotions are always there, the atmosphere is without a flaw brilliant and the characters feel so real that they will pull you in without a doubt.If I had to name one problem with the film itself it's that you can definitely see that they had to cram a long, long novel full of detail into a single film. Because it really is nothing more than problem after another. So much so that it starts to feel a bit unrealistic. Sure, Mars is a hostile environment, but come on. Even Murphy of the famous Murphy's Law would say that this is a tad extreme.Nevertheless, it's a very good movie. It has a clear identity, excellent story, fantastic cast, good music and is at its core exactly what cinema is all about.

Who doesn't want to go see a space movie at the cinema, am I right?Matt Damon was a great fit in the lead role. He suitably captured the wit, optimism and (sometimes) frustration of Mark Watney. Very strong acting there. I liked Chiwetel Ejiofor as well, his character was likable and did a pretty good job. Kristen Wiig was good too, always nice to see her. I can understand some comments remarking that she was an odd choice for this movie, but I thought she was solid.The story is interesting. How would someone actually be able to survive if stranded on Mars? Well, Watney shows us. Now, to actually be this lucky is damn near impossible, but his solutions seemed realistic enough for this kind of movie. It worked. We were also offered a good look into how the people at NASA (and outside of NASA too actually) try to figure out how to get Watney home once they find out he's still alive. Oh this is not a spoiler, don't worry. The trailer almost gave away the whole f'ucking thing.There is enough scientific jargon and calculations to please anyone who's a fan of space movies, so there is fun to be had there.Some of the humor was funny. I laughed a couple times at some of Watney's lines and behavior, and Rich Purnell was an entertaining guy too "I'm gonna need more coffee...!"All right, let's get into a couple qualms I had. Not ALL of the humor worked. Some jokes were repeated more than once, only really laugh-out-loud the first time. Some of the other jokes also felt pretty out-of-place (someone naming a plan after, uuhh... Lord Of The Rings). The music wasn't the best either. I don't like when a whole bunch of pop songs is used in place of a score, which occurred several times. The PG-13 rating made for some kinda jarring censorship too, I would have liked if Watney could swear more freely. And finally, maybe one or two actors were kinda "eh" in their roles.Those are my only significant complaints though, I had a good time with this movie. Don't expect the next 2001 and I think you will like it too.

This is the third movie in which Matt Damon has acted in where he is stranded in another place and needs to be saved. Maybe it is not a coincidence. I guess he fits the role well. With his Impressive talent, I think there will be more movies in the future where Matt Damon stars in these kind of roles. Matt Damon's character in this movie is a brilliant Engineer and a Biologist. A little too arrogant for his own good, He portrays how any educated person can survive just by applying their knowledge. 'The Martian' is a brilliant adaptation from the Novel. The Movie has incredible Scientific accuracy right from the Laws of thermodynamics to simple botanical processes. Well, that is what you expect from a Ridley Scott movie. However, 'The Martian' is unlike Ridley Scott. It is quite different from 'Alien' and 'Prometheus', although there are massive references to his former movies. The movie is all about the basic human instinct of survival with a touch of Science coupled with genius minds at work. The film is surprisingly humorous and brought out some good laughs. What I liked about this movie was the heavy applications of space flight dynamics and mathematics relevant to it. Additionally, the botanist's fantasy to grow plants in extreme conditions another planet is well depicted here.Likewise, as mentioned in the trivia, I liked the Idea of the planet Mars being an antagonist metaphorically. It signifies humans against the massive powers of the natural world and how humans can tackle it together.Compared to recent Science Fiction movies like 'Gravity' and 'Interstellar', there were no brilliant cinematic scenes showing the landscape of Mars or the awe-inducing visuals of space. Nonetheless, it can be forgiven because the movie focuses on how humans use their machines to survive. Overall, I would say that it is a brilliant movie with some amount of acceptable humour. It idealizes gender equality by having a woman commander of the 'hermes'. It also includes an International cooperation with China.

Maybe it's the "too high expectations" syndrome but as the end credits rolled, all I could think of what I disliked about the Martian. In no particular order & without spoilers: strange pacing. You spend huge parts of the movie on relatively short episodes and then suddenly skip 7 months on the space station, 1 month in the rover etc. It gives you a little bit of "huh?!" feelingthe end was ludicrous. just impossible - i will believe Aliens exist before I believe that all these coincidences and risky situations can be successful in a row and in these conditions.the movie is less visually stunning than Gravity. Or Interstellar for that matter.Now what was good!The cast, the cast, the cast. Of course Matt Damon. But also Pena and Kirsten Wiig in particular were good and underrated in the performanceThe basic premise of the movie is fascinating. The whole "sciencing the sh*t out of this" was wonderful and very original. Cool characters and good evolution throughout time for the main protagonist.Overall a good movie, not my movie of the year though.

Poor Matt Damon. In movie history, there's never been an actor to have built a career around needing rescuing. In fact – hey, wait a moment, didn't we just watch some space movie last year about him being abandoned on a distant planet? What's the point of another one so soon? What a rip off! Grumble grumble, get off my lawn. Okay, granted – the proximity to Damon's space marooning in Interstellar is a bizarre and unfortunate coincidence. But that's about where the similarities end between Nolan's space odyssey and Ridley Scott's The Martian. Yes, really. I promise. As Damon's astronaut Mark Watney might quip – "Trust me – I'm a botanist. We're well-versed in sh*t". Quip is the operative word - considering the 'man down' premise and Scott's space pedigree, there is nary an ounce of Alien's claustrophobic astro-terror here. The Martian, is, quite surprisingly, one of the funniest films of the year. Thank Drew Goddard, as his masterfully nimble adaptation of Andy Weir's bestseller practically sparkles in not only making thorough scientific exposition thrilling, but systematically using it as set-up for some pricelessly memorable punchlines (there are countless such examples, but Watney's unpacking of how he qualifies as a space pirate is arguably the best). While the creator of Cabin in the Woods might seem an odd bedfellow for legendary classicist Scott, it's really quite thrilling to see their respective sensibilities click into place like the Canadarm - unorthodox, but as complimentary and effective as can be. Goddard circumvents Watney's isolation by motivating his dialogue through regular video log entries – a genius and surprisingly uncontrived touch – while Scott, master of spectacular setpieces, employs every trick in the book to tremendous effect. The film's immaculate editing paces with supremely satisfying steadiness, always gunning forward yet never rushing, allowing the tense bits to speak for themselves. The Mars storm which maroons Watney is a masterpiece of tension, but just wait until you see the climax which, in true Goddard fashion, is anchored on an Iron Man joke. Flawless. Throw in a soundtrack full of gleefully obnoxious disco songs peppering Harry Gregson-Williams' spectacularly playful yet lonely score, and we have liftoff, Major Tom.That's not to say all is postmodern riffing here. Like many of its contemporaries, The Martian isn't afraid to go big with idea or emotions, meriting every second of the film's expansive running time. Thematically, apart from the obvious moral of every human life having worth (rousing in itself), the film is equally a love-letter to the adventurous spirit of scientific exploration, and space travel in particular (science hasn't looked this cool since Bill Nye). The film's release right after NASA's announcement of more space travel ventures being greenlit couldn't be better – between this, Interstellar, and Gravity, disasters and all, it's impossible to imagine being more pumped for space exploration. This is largely thanks to The Martian's exquisite, jaw-dropping visual effects and Mars scenery, so rich it's almost a character in itself, which gives the film (ironically) a far 'earthier' aesthetic than most planet-jaunting sci- fi. Even the 3D – normally extraneous – demonstrates painstakingly crafted depth of field for artistry, making The Martian one of the best looking films in many a recent year. And I'm not just talking about the cast. Okay, okay - speaking of, we're blessed with a treasure trove of performers here. Leading the pack, as the eponymous 'Captain Blondebeard', Damon, gives arguably a career-best performance. His 'gee whiz' charm is counterbalanced by a perfectly honed wry wit and stoic confidence muscling through an underbelly of utter despair, of which we get only tasteful glimpses. In a film full of aforementioned bigness, Damon dedicatedly farms for small moments – see the infectious delight of his growing potatoes in his own feces in Martian soil, or his grim righteous indignation that having nothing but disco music to listen to is the worst part of his isolation, while his quiet "nah, I'm not gonna die here" may be the most emotionally pure moment of the year. There's never a moment of disbelief at NASA dropping and risking everything to bring home such a triumphant character. Supporting Damon, each ensemble member are practically bursting at the seams to excel in their given moments. Chiwetel Ejiofor finds every scrap of warmth, humanity, and passion as NASA's Mars mission director, while Jessica Chastain infuses unseen reservoirs of dignity and moralism into her mission commander without descending into archetype. Jeff Daniels was born to chew on the grim, deadpan dialogue he is even here (his icy "I'm the director of NASA" is unforgettable), while Sean Bean is so ruggedly dignified and credible he even stomachs a Lord of the Rings gag without the screen imploding in a farcical meta overload. Michael Peña is pristinely funny while tastefully stopping short of the boorish mugging he is subjected to in Ant-Man, while Donald Glover (doing what Community fans will dub his best 'Abed impression') gives a hysterical cameo as a loopy and potentially genius astrophysicist. Kristen Wiig is unobtrusively effective in a rare dramatic role as NASA's PR director, while Sebastian Stan and Benedict Wong (whose entire career seems comprised of space movies) each give resonant performances. Even the normally intolerable Kate Mara's sulk is channelled well into the role of a snarky astroprogrammer – arguably the film's loftiest feat. Space movies are a vast and intimidating genre, and The Martian isn't perfect therein – there's just an ounce of predictability a dash too much Hollywood polish for Scott and Goddard's work to reach the realm of the Kubrickian greats. Nonetheless, work this vibrant, visually gorgeous, and hugely entertaining is still necessary viewing. In terms of standing the test of time, The Martian, just like its concluding musical number, will survive. -9/10

I had WIld Tales, Ex Machina, and Mississippi Grind at the top of the 2015 list until I hit the BigD the other night and caught this in 3D - which I usually don't care for but man o man it was sweet for this flick. LATE EDIT.. have since moved back to #4.Visually, the film absolutely knocks it out of the park. A colossal homerun. Damon is good in the lead, and the supporting cast is great too. UNlike Castaway, which I did enjoy thoroughly, the castaway segment of this film is quite eventful, funny, and paced evenly.. the film is a quick 2:20... for me I wish this was more like 3 hrs long because some of the subplots were jettison because of the running time.I suggest seeing it in 3D because the spaceship scenes are great in 3d as is the early 'storm' scene. I don't care for the format. I only saw it because the time suited my mother and I's schedule... by the way she absolutely loved the film too. SOmetimes it darkens the overall film and makes it a little more blurry for me, but not the case here. I enjoyed it.There's only one major problem with the film, and I say major because it stands out like a sore thumb even though I guess it shouldn't be that big of a deal... it's just an idea that was used in a late scene that seemed a little stupid(canopy). That idea and the fact they packed a 3hr movie into 2:20 are the only things keeping this from being a 10, and that's saying something.Ridley took the only good aspects of Prometheus(some of the visual aspects:suits, planet, etc), and only enhanced them here. The plot is the opposite(not rocket science pun intended). Martian may drive up the middle of the road, but the acting, script, and visuals are so good that it literally elevates the film to another level. Ridley is back with a bang.Very good film. Dunno if it will hold onto the top spot, after all I'm just 30 films into my 85 film watchlist for 2015, but I don't see any chance that it doesn't stay in the top 5 when all is said and done next spring. Highly recommend this. 88/100You might like this if you like:Castaway(about even or ever-so- slightly below), Hunter Prey(not as good - b-movie rec), Prometheus(not nearly as good), or Gravity(not quite as good as this but pretty close).cyaPS the reasons I late edited this down froM 9 TO 8 and from #1 for '15 to #4(FURTHER NOW WITH OTHER FLICKS MOVING AHEAD) was a rethinking about the cliché'd supporting roles, predictability, and the other small issues, but overall it's a very good film.... may go back up to 9 torn on this. 8.5!

Minor/Vague SpoilersEver since Sir Ridley Scott broke through with his feature film debut, Alien (1979) he has been a force in the film industry with other major successes in Blade Runner (1982), Thelma & Louise (1991), and Black Hawk Down (2001) just to name a few. Most people, myself included, would say that he has been in a bit of a slump with a few of his previous movies including, Prometheus (2012), The Counselor (2013), and Exodus: Gods & Kings (2014). So, because of that I was really hoping that his latest film, The Martian, would be a return to form for Ridley Scott. The advertising for this movie was everywhere; anytime I went to the cinemas a trailer for this film would play which was preceded by Matt Damon introducing it. When I saw the trailers the first thought that came to my head was that it could be "Cast Away on Mars" mixed with Apollo 13. There was also a tiny bit of similarities to Interstellar 2 for obvious reasons when looking at Matt Damon's character as well as Jessica Chastain also starring in the film. While the small parallels were there, they disappeared quickly once I got over that novelty.The film, which is based on Andy Weir's novel, The Martian, is about astronaut Mark Watney (Matt Damon) who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars after a storm, who then has to try and fight to survive and signal Earth to come and rescue him. This movie brings a lot of comedic moments that I wasn't really expecting just based on the premise of the film. It was very well done, mostly by Damon and even Donald Glover in a smaller role. Damon's character is very much an optimist when the situation would probably call for anything but that emotion. Damon takes what the writers of the film created and plays the character extremely well and had me laughing much more than I thought. All of the supporting cast, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Peña, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Sebastian Stan, and Chiwetel Ejiofor really make, what could have otherwise been just pointless secondary characters, necessary and they add to the overall story that make the stakes even higher because of how well they all play to the situation that is presented in the film. Halfway through this film I came to the conclusion that the trailer didn't give away as much as I thought when going into this movie as I was a little afraid that I might have already seen half of what the story had to tell. The way the film is shot could only be described as beautiful and breathtaking. It really captures the landscape and there are no flaws that I could see in anything that we saw on Mars. Scott made what could have been just a simple, desolate landscape come to life. This also adds to the fact that it could be somewhat believable that this may have been a real story, even though it isn't. Something that my friend said to me as we were walking out of the theatre was that there wasn't a real bad guy that a traditional Hollywood movie would have. I really didn't notice this as I was watching and couldn't have agreed with him more once I thought back on the story. This makes the film much more impressive because it didn't have to rely on the use one of the biggest Hollywood tropes and make it extremely suspenseful and enjoyable.The only problem that I had with the film was that sometimes when they were explaining the science behind what they were about to implement they did it a few too many times. They had the people on Earth explain and discuss how they would pick Watney up on their way past Mars and then it would immediately switch over to Watney and he would once again explain the scene we just saw. Overall, this was a very strong return to form for Ridley Scott where everything, acting, writing, and cinematography comes together and is wrapped up in a neat little package that is meant for the big screen.

I just saw both "The Martian" and "Jurassic World" this week. And, here are two movies whose first halves are better than their second halves.The setup of "The Martian" is very good! Stranded on Mars, Matt Damon must use his science background to engineer his way out of dying on the red planet before a return mission can come and get him.(SPOILERS BEGIN) His plan goes well, and he meets with setbacks, which you would expect. Meanwhile, everyone on Earth tries to figure on a way to come and rescue him. Everything goes well, in that respect. But, the ending gets a little crazy, including a space- based "Gravity"-type action sequence that defeated the decidedly better science-based opening. (END SPOILERS)Ridley Scott does have a return to form here, after the muddled "Prometheus." Scott has always seemed at home with science-fiction, and I hope that he continues making more sci fi.The acting is very good, especially by Damon, who must carry the film by design. The film score is pretty routine, which like "Prometheus" doesn't help the film like it should.The cinematography is fine. I did have a problem with the visual effects. Those set on Mars are okay enough, even though they occasionally lack polish. But, the space-based ones look worse than those in the superior 2000 entry "Red Planet." That's odd, and might be a reflection of budgetary restrictions. ILM is on board here, but is a minor player. The effects seem more suited to a higher-budget Science Channel program.With Scott Kelly doing his year in space at the moment on the International Space Station, it is especially odd to not see The Milky Way in the background while the ships are moving though space. As seen from Kelly's photographs, our galaxy should be very prominent, and really impossible to miss. Instead, we just get black, with a few scattered stars.So, a good, but mixed entry. I am going to listen to the audiobook, and it should be interesting to see how that turns out compared to the film.******* (7 Out of 10 Stars)

Hollywood seems to have a strong affinity for adaptations, some good and some not so much. It was with some interest then that I came to The Martian then. Adapted from the novel by Andy Weir, featuring an all-star cast and directed by Alien and Blade Runner director Ridley Scott, it certainly promised to be interesting and potentially good as well. Did it live up to those expectations? Oh yes it did. Part of the film's success lies in its casting. Matt Damon was well cast as astronaut Mark Watney, the botanist on NASA's Ares Three mission who, thought dead by his crew members when a dust storm forces them to abort their mission, finds himself in a struggle to survive with minimal supplies and little chance for rescue. Damon perfectly captures Watney: determined, ingenious and good humored, but not a perfect human being by any means. It's something that's endearing as we see him become frustrated, angry at himself for his mistakes while also being aware that he has little time (or anything else for that matter) to waste if he's going to survive. The humor leads to some of the film's best moments while also getting across in some of the film's quieter moments the sometimes sheer loneliness of being the only human on an entire planet. It's an effective performance and one that anchors the film.Backing Damon up is a strong supporting cast. Highlights includes the ever excellent Jessica Chastain as Ares Three's mission commander Lewis, Jeff Daniels as the NASA administrator, Sean Bean as mission control flight director and Chiwetel Ejiofor as Vincent Kapoor who is overseeing the Ares missions. Even smaller roles are well cast including Kristen Wigg as NASA spokeswoman Annie Montrose as well as Benedict Wong and Donald Glover as scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Together they bring the Earth-based and non-Mars space sections of the film to life and do so rather nicely which helps the film immensely.It also helps that there are some stunning production values on display as well. The highlight of the film visually is one of the best cinematic renderings of Mars yet produced through a combination of filming in one of the most Mars like locations here on Earth (Wadi Rum in Jordan) as well as a combination of special effects. The special effects in general are a highlight of the film including striking visuals of Mars from space as well as some impressive looking space hardware including the Hermes which transports the crew to Mars and back again. The production design and costume work extrapolates on current NASA plans and technology and comes with realistic takes on what might actually be used in a mission like the one portrayed in the film. All of this falls under the direction of Ridley Scott who presents, like he did with Blade Runner, a fascinating vision of the near-future though one that is perhaps more likely to come to pass. Together, they bring the film to life.The icing on the cake though may well be the script which, as I hoped, stayed pretty faithful to Andy Weir's novel. The tone, humor and the overwhelming majority of major events from the novel are all reproduced here though in some cases incidents are simplified due to screen-time, often I suspect due to the lack of time for the some technical exposition that Weir used in the novel. In other places, the script enhances the drama of events, especially in its final sequences, all of which is forgivable as they do add to the drama as well as changing things up just a little bit for those who've read the novel. Rarely has a film captured its source material as well as this film does, especially its aforementioned climax which reproduced all of the tension and excitement of its prose counterpart.What's important though is that it captures the heart of Weir's novel. At its heart, The Martian is the tale of one human being on a desolate world in a struggle to survive. This is a tale of how we are capable of surmounting the seemingly impossible with a little know how and MacGyver like ingenuity and creativity. Yet, and perhaps just as importantly, this is also a story of human fallibility as often Watney's decisions and actions lead to unexpected consequences that he has to deal with. The result of all this is that, as cinematic adaptations go, it's one of the most successful efforts in recent memory.The Martian then is a success by almost every measurement. It features a strong performance from its lead actor backed up by a strong supporting cast, features equally strong production values that bring near-future space exploration to life wonderfully while also remaining largely faithful to the events and soul of its source material. As both an adaptation and as a film on its own, it stands up very well indeed. What more can you ask of it?

Yes of course it is. Frankly I do support that goal. So who is it that fights against that? The bureaucrats of course. This was filled with evil bureaucrats making obviously wrong headed decisions just so the "space cowboys" could defy them.This movie is filled with hackneyed and cliché characters, and anyone who was not blind could see the ending long ahead of time. No, I did not even read the book.By any standard the cinematography was good, and the Martian set pieces looked too, not especially great mind you but at least good enough. Watching this film in 3D did absolutely nothing for me at all, I recommend saving the extra $3 and seeing it without the special glasses.My suggestion is to wait until this reaches the discount theaters and see it there.

This movie opens with a group of persons in space suits collecting rocks in desert-like terrain that purportedly is Mars. Apparently this is a scientific mission. Then a hurricane like wind storm blows and the mission has to be aborted, quickly. One of the crew is struck with flying debris and is left behind. He is presumed (erroneously and without confirmation) to have died. The crew member's death is reported to NASA, which is in charge of the mission. NASA accepts the report as final and announces that the crew member had died. The crew member is given an elaborate funeral. Then, by sheer accident, a NASA technician monitoring a satellite orbiting Mars discovers that the crew member is alive and is actually moving about on the surface. What is NASA supposed to do? Attempt a recovery which could put the rest of crew at risk? A NASA mission has left one of their own on Mars to die. He was abandoned. The moral, legal and political implications are obvious. This build up offers almost unlimited dramatic potential. At this point the movie tanks, badly. Instead of tapping into the dramatic potential to further increase the tension, the movie becomes formalistic, predictable and boring. The abandoned crew man remains affable, still a team player. That he was left behind by his comrades as dead generates at most slight annoyance. Instead of being overwhelmed with despair and engulfed by terror, which would have been exceedingly dramatic, he is listening to disco music, and, even more amazingly, growing food under conditions that defy all known science. Much of this is amusing, but only because it is so unrealistic and contrived as to generate unintended laughter. On earth the NASA administrator, played by Jeff Daniels who gives the only solid performance in the movie (which is why the movie is rated a 2 instead of "awful"), does not want to order a rescue mission. Thus he becomes the "heavy" or the "bad guy" when actually the real "bad guy" is the commander of the mission who stupidly, and without any corroborating evidence, presumes that her crew member was killed and instead of telling the truth, that the crew member was missing, then compounds the lie and the political fallout by passing it on to her superiors who later are forced to eat their words when the truth finally emerges. Such a scenario, if depicted with sufficient dramatic power, would have been a pivotal point in the story. Instead, the commander's poor judgment is never fully explained, her irresponsibility and lack of common sense glossed over. True, the commander is shown having pangs of guilt, but she remains quiet until such time that she is informed of her error, which by that point is anticlimactic. Then the rest of the movie is about her wanting to go back to Mars to save her crew man, the same man she abandoned. Ridiculous. She goofed, big time, and nobody demands that she account for her decision, not the one to leave a crew member behind, but to officially report him as dead. From that point on, the story devolves into just another formalistic potboiler with lots of overblown special effects that do nothing to make up for the huge holes in the plot, the inane dialogue, the wholesale jettisoning of scientific plausibility (Growing potatoes on Mars? Hurricane force winds on a planet with an atmosphere that is practically a vacuum? Terrain that looks surprisingly like Monument Valley? De-compressing an entire space craft without it completely crumbling? The crewman not bleeding to death after being impaled in the abdomen by a long sharp piece of metal?) or the spotty acting. As for the last item, sometimes a great actor can take mediocre material and raise it to a higher artistic level. Suffice it to say, in this movie that does not happen. Damon cannot save this movie nor does he seem to make an effort to try. No great dramatic scenes. No sense of crisis. No recriminations. No nothing.

Title should be: "Another triumphal success of the NASA".Big names like Ridley Scott doesn't automatically mean great movies. Once proved again.The movie with the premise of the successful rescue of a stranded man on the mars in fact does not give much space for an elaborate story. But in the movie even that limitation seems to be undercut. Soft-footed straight forward to the rescue, which is never in doubt, on the waves of the 70's disco sound. Does not really make the big thrill. As criticized in other reviews, no slightest signs of loneliness, despair etc., the movie goes on in a completely positive attitude. Le cliché US par excellence.CGI and settings are nicely done, Damon's acting job is OK. Surely watchable, but nothing to be remembered. 8.2 rating ATM seems still quite overrated for me. However, better than "Gravity", I still have not recovered from the fact how may Oscars that dull movie has won.

This is a curious trend going on: each year the space movie comes out on October. Gravity in 2013, Interstellar in 2014, and this year, The Martian.This year, like in 2013, I wasn't disappointed. The Martian begins quite fast, without any cliché exposure, but directly in the action. So fast, actually, that I wondered how the movie was going to last its 140 minutes without being boring at some point. When the screening was over, I realized that I never encountered any second of boredom thanks to a great storytelling and a perfectly managed rhythm.The Martian is kind of a humble movie. The pitch is quite simple as is its development. If the movie doesn't hesitate to explain and vulgarize the science used by the main character to survive, it never slips in psychodrama nor philosophy. It is very down to earth (I mean, down on mars) and only references current knowledge. This is quite refreshing when compared to some other space movies heavily loaded with speculations and vast reflections.The cast is massive and impressive. I never thought I was going to see Sean Bean and Donald Glover (Troy from Community) in the same scene in some movie some day. Matt Damon deliver a solid performance which illustrates very well the emotional roller-coaster that its character is living.What I liked very much with The Martian is how it promotes science. Basically any character in the movie is a scientist or an engineer or an astronaut, and they're all cool, fashionable or charismatic. This is one of the few movies with Apollo 13 which really put the scientists and engineers as the heroes and science and rationality as the true way to solve problems. Even though The Martian goes a little wild with the realism at the end, the rest of the movie convinced me to forgive and even enjoy these final elements. I read that it was a liberty that the movie took with the book, and I'm glad they did so. Another good difference with the book is the lack of exposition (cf. §2). While I didn't read the book, these two known differences make me think it's a great adaptation overall.

Ridley Scott is one talented AND versatile director. He directed several great films in many genres including science fiction films like 'Alien' and 'Blade Runner' while also directing historical epics like 'Kingdom of Heaven' and 'Gladiator', with the latter being my second favorite Best Picture Oscar winner of all time.Unfortunately, since 'American Gangster', Scott seems to have lost hi directing sense, with a lot of films getting rather underwhelming receptions especially with 'The Counselor' and 'Exodus: Gods and Kings', which considered as some of the worst films he ever directed. Only 'Prometheus' gained good reception with still highly polarizing reception from the audience. It's quite obvious why a lot of people were worried about this film since his records hasn't been very good for last 7 to 8 years.Well, guess what guys. Ridley Scott is BACK! 'The Martian' is not only one of his best films of all time, but also one of the best of 2015. All the actors in this film, regardless of their roles, have showed great performances overall, especially Matt Damon, who plays Mark Watney, the astronaut who is stranded on Mars.Yes, the film is about this stranded astronaut who is trying to survive on Mars alone while people in NASA are trying to get him back.It might sound boring, but it really isn't. It shows you his survival method on Mars and his journey to return home. Not only that, even the bombardment of scientific explanations aren't boring at all. As a matter of fact, they actually kept me interested throughout the whole film.I'm not going to talk about visuals, cinematography, and production values, because they're simply brilliant and no need of further mentions.It's also surprisingly a lot of fun. Mark Watney manages to keep the film from going into gloom-and-doom territory by using his humor and wit and mention of his hatred towards disco songs (which, by the way, are brilliantly used in this film). I could tell that these actors had a lot of fun themselves while working on this film.The only thing comes off as closest to my only gripe is when Watney seems not appearing for 25 minutes, which didn't bother me a lot since they still managed that time very well.But the best part was the epilogue, where Mark Watney becomes a survival instructor and tells his story to his students. What he says to his student really made me think about living through the hardships you face in the future.Overall, 'The Martian' uses its great acting and script, directing, disco songs, scores composed by Harry Gregson-Williams (welcome back too, Gregson-Williams!), sciences, and 3D cinematography to make itself into one of the best films of 2015 and one of my favorite films of the year.

I had moderate expectations for "The Martian" and the film exceeded them. It wasn't a perfect movie by any means but, at least for me, it was entertaining and worth-watching. The scrip is fairly well-written and the direction is quite good too (specially in the Habitat/Mars set scenes) but what really stood out to me were the delivered performances.Starting with Matt Damon. He is an excellent actor! He was a so-so for me(I never completely saw the Bourne trilogy nor Good Will Hunting) until yesterday. I knew he had the chops but I didn't relate to him as much as I relate to other actors and actresses. He is so good playing the part of Mark Watney. You believe in him and you care for the character and you feel the sense of desperation when everything seems to go wrong. Above all, I related to him. I don't know if any other actor could pull this specific role off and I believe Damon was the perfect casting choice.Then we have Jessica Chastain. She is having a meteoric rise since 2010/2011, specially after Zero Dark Thirty. I find her to be an amazing actress, from "Mama" to "The Help" she is just superb. Whatever role she plays, we know we're in for a treat. Aside from these two we have an ensemble cast filled with A-plus performers. Jeff Daniels as NASA director turns to a more serious and darker role, Michael Peña is the film's comic relief and he does it extremely well, Chiwetel Ejiofor is as good as always, Kate Mara and Sebastian Stan, take a huge part in the movie climax and they're performances are flawless. Aksel Hennie is also quite good, washing away his performance on "Last Knights",Despite having less screen time is always amazing to see Kristen Wiig and Sean Bean. I was not aware Bean had a role in the film until I saw him sitting at a desk and it was a lovely surprise.The technical effects are well-achieved, at least for me, although Matt 's body near the end seems really CGI and wasn't as polished as I think it should have been. The end to me was a bit "fairy-tally" but I'm good with it."The Martian" shines due to the performances of its cast and through some breathtaking scenes in Mars (Watney's performing surgery on himself was gasp-taking). An good effort from Ridley Scott on the sci-fi genre but I don't quite know if it should be recognized as an Oscar Contender.

"The Martian (2015, Ridley Scott)" is pretty good overall, but riddled with enough flaws you want to warn people about.It is occasionally more intense than pleasurable. (For example, Matt Damon's injured astronaut performing desperate surgery on himself. We get prolonged looks at the bleeding gut.). Also, it is often a tepid music video, particularly during the schmaltzy sequence when David Bowie's "Starman" is heard. The propaganda elements are also all over the place. The head of NASA (played by Jeff Daniels) actually cares about whether a lone astronaut stranded on Mars lives or not. What a nice guy. Also, nearly every woman working at NASA is really hot. I also get a kick out of the plot turn where an odd, reclusive wonder kind uses a supercomputer to verify a gravity assist algorithm--and he's the only person at NASA who had thought of using what would seem to be a common maneuver.The science is interesting but dumb in crucial places. What confuses me the most is how initially it takes hours to communicate to Astronaut Matt Damon on Mars, when later that communication is instantaneous. (As evident by the Times Square euphoria.) Did Matt build a new Internet?However...the good side is The Martian shows us a doomed character using his wits to postpone his fate. There is also a lot of admirable teamwork, and resistance to authority when necessary.The acting is very good. Matt Damon and Jessica Chastain really show up. They both are larger than life; just what we expect in movie stars. (But isn't Matt Damon a bit old to be an astronaut assigned a Mars mission?) I wasn't keen on Ridley Scott's direction, but the Martian landscape is always enjoyable.If you can handle the shocks and intensity of a modern US movie, you will like this. Otherwise, avoid.

Lovely idea, always love films of this theme/genre. However, I found that the dialogue was very very flat and lacked any kind of depth. Sometimes cheesy and mediocre acting (not really sure whether the fault of the actors or production). Very predictable ending and lacked any realism.Plot with a lot of gaps (poor transitions), but overall not too bad considering I have seen much worse! However, other characters were not developed enough to help expand the story, say for example more emphasis was given to the reaction of the media rather than a family member, as far as the viewer is concerned he didn't have no family, he didn't have anyone caring for him or being upset over his situation! PS. Lovely potatoes!

Sorry for the late posting of this review, but The Martian is one of this year's unexpected best films for this year. Directed by veteran director Ridley Scott, the film mixes with sci-fi, comedy and drama elements as it explores how far man could survive in space.The plot follows a manned mission to Mars, astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.Scott is back in the director's chair and in top form after his previous films (The Counselor, Prometheus and Exodus: Gods and Kings) weren't as successful and failed to grab attention and critical reviews. There are no aliens in this film, but he chooses to explore the humanistic elements that drive us to survive in the world, but in this case on an isolated planet.The casting here is stellar and all actors and actresses involved give 5 star performances, but it's Matt Damon who steals the show as the sole survivor Mark. He gives humour, emotion and will to make his character likable and the supporting talents from Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wigg, Sean Bean, Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena and more all prove to be Oscar worthy candidates in the upcoming award season.The music score is great and it's soundtrack of 70's and 80's music provides an uplifting mood for the film. Not too mention as well, the film isn't as heavy or dark as the great films Gravity and Interstellar carry but manages to juggle adventure, comedy and character development all at once and the result is really impressive. Cinematography and the locations are all beautiful and captivating and it's bound to get Oscar and various award nominations.Overall, The Martian for me is an unexpected great film that deserves the hype and attention. No faults to say but I will say it runs at an 2 and 1/2 hour running time but it goes smoothly and keeps all plot holes closed and sealed. If you have loved 127 Hours, Cast Away, Gravity and Interstellar, this is for your 'To Watch' list.10/10

It was a last minute decision to watch this movie with my friends. And to say the least, I was not thrilled about watching a sci-fi movie, a genre I don't usually enjoy. I did not have any expectations for this movie whatsoever, but boy was I wrong about everything I thought this movie would be like. The Martian makes you feel everything: it keeps you on the edge of your seat, it constantly awes you with the intellectual aspects of the movie, it gives you a good laugh time to time, and it impresses you with the amazing graphics. I watched this at 11pm, and I didn't get tired even once although that's the time I usually sleep at. After watching the movie, all I could think was, "Wow, did I really just watch that?" Seriously, I could not get over how amazing it was. I did not expect this movie to have a lasting effect on me. The Martian is one of those movies that you will always remember and wouldn't mind watching over and over again (at least for me)! Thank God I agreed to watch this with my friends - hands down one of the most excellent movies I've ever watched.

I thought that by the time Robert Zemekis yelled 'Cut!" after the final scene of "Cast Away" fifteen years ago we were done with "I'm- left-for-dead-but-the-power-of-my-spirit-and-the-high-school-science- classes-will-get-me-home" dramas. Nope. For some reason, my lifetime hero Ridley Scott decided to step on that same track that's been beaten so many times before him. As a result we have an attempt at an exciting story supposedly brimming with thrilling potential turn into a Bond movie, only without the body count. To me it's just silly to spend two hours sitting on the edge of the seat, motionless, while knowing more or less what all the lead-ins are going to be and what the grand finale will look like. So, I fast-forwarded a lot and something tells me, I didn't miss a whole a lot of twists and turns: and Astronaut (Damon) is left alone on Mars as a result of a mission gone bad but he survives against all odds and is eventually brought back home. That's it in a nutshell (I feel silly retelling this story, it was pretty easy to surmise even from the very first trailer). The rest is just 'Armageddon' with better CGI, constant disco in the background and the foreseeable Damon's own brand of humor. For Scott this is a first (meaning, first by-the-book drama), I even went back and looked at his resume to be sure. Not gonna ask myself why has he done it, just another feel good candidate for the Oscars? I guess. Oh, and the spoiler, of course. Ready? Everything is going to be fine. Enjoy the disco!

Initial trailers did not stir my interest in Ridley Scott's latest endeavor, especially considering his string of misfires in recent years (although I did like the generally sloppy Prometheus) but the early word-of-mouth bested my lack of curiosity and got me excited. Turns out everyone was right.The Martian appropriately begins on Mars, where it spends most of its runtime. A group of astronauts are attempting to take off from the planet in the midst of a terrible storm, which knocks out Mark Watney (Matt Damon), and the crew leaves him, believing he is dead and unable to find his body in the storm. As we all know from the trailers, however, Mark Watney is alive and he intends to keep things that way. But things look pretty dismal; he is on a planet where nothing grows, has only enough supplies to last him a few months at best, and has no way to communicate with NASA or anyone else on Earth. But he does not give up hope in the face of adversity.Putting his experience in botany to use, Mark successfully begins to grow food and increases his chances of living. He also develops a system of communication using only the still camera available to him. He doesn't have many resources, but he puts each of them to the best of use. Mark Watney's early success can be chalked up to high intelligence, resourcefulness, and a little bit of luck.Such is the case with the film. Drew Goddard's script, based on the book by Andy Weir, takes every factor into consideration to make life on Mars seem plausible, albeit extremely challenging. Despite it's high level of scientific exposition, The Martian also doesn't forget to have a sense of humor. Mark Watney is the type of person NASA would want in space (unlike Sandra Bullock's character in Gravity), and he seems like the type of guy almost anyone would want to hang out with.So it comes as a surprise that Watney is unmarried, without children, leaving no real emotional connection to Earth. Yet all of the other members of the Hermes ship have family, so it begs the question; shouldn't they have written Watney to have a family, or should they have made someone else the main character? The movie only scratches the surface of loneliness, yet it's tagline is "Help is only 140 million miles away." The Martian might feel real in its scientific approach, its blend of humor and action, but it lacks much drama beneath the main plot.Still, The Martian's script is carried well by an excellent performance from Matt Damon, who feels fresher in this film than he has in years; he has an energy that most actors would not have been able to carry on screen. Its supporting cast is full of big-name surprises, most who perform well (Jeff Daniels is great, for example, while Donald Glover is a touch too comedic all things considered). Ridley Scott has always been a director to summon impassioned performances, but doesn't always have the right material, but the stars line up here, and it's a spectacle to behold.Other great things about the film include:  The Martian landscape; extremely picturesque and rich in color  The pacing; at 140 minutes, The Martian never feels overlong or boring, thanks to snappy editing and a tight script  The soundtrack is selective and funThings that don't work:  The CGI; the VFX looks a few years behind in design  The final action sequence; the movie loses some of its scientific credibility in the final moments  It's standard Hollywood formula and it doesn't really break the mold in any wayThe Martian might suffer a little from emotional depth and its conventional structure, but the movie is extremely entertaining and keeps you on the edge of your seat even if you know what to expect. It is a fun Hollywood blockbuster full in its development, and it's a great comeback for director Ridley Scott. I highly recommend catching this one on the big screen before it's gone; the screen on your laptop won't do it justice.

Ridley Scott's latest thrilling sci-fi blockbuster "The Martian", blew the box office away, But did the film live up to the long-awaited expectations?"The Martian" was based upon a self-published bestselling novel by Andy Weir. And, unlike most movies adapted from books, "The Martian" mostly stuck to it's original material. Matt Damon stars as Mark Watney, an astronaut/botanist with a huge sense of humour which proves to be his greatest strength, stranded by himself on the vast rocky planet Mars. You watch in awe as he fights against all odds to survive the harsh environments of the red planet. He (Matt Damon) portrayed the role very well, which struck a lot of people, including myself, by surprise. As the film rolls foreword, the audience becomes attached to the character and you'll find yourself sitting at the end of your chair, rooting for him to solve each problem he must face. The side characters (scientists, crew mates) were played wonderfully, each one speaking with a hint of dazzle in there voices or body language that makes their characters unique.The movie is beautifully filmed, the rocky landscapes are shot from unique angles and the cinematography was spectacular. The soundtrack was odd, but kept the film upbeat. The dialogue was filled humour, which makes a slight chuckle wash over the theater, making film much more enjoyable.Unfortunately, if you plan on seeing this movie in 3D, save your money and don't. There were hardly any great 3D effects. The story was also predictable and a bit corny at the end, and at some points the film seemed unrealistic.Overall, "the Martian" is a thrilling, beautiful journey about survival, willpower, perseverance, and hope. With humorous dialogue and believable characters, "the Martian" is an amazing science-fiction thrill-ride you do not want to miss out on.My overall rating: 8.6 / 10.0-Jacob McDonaldBy the way, this was my first review, so I hope you liked it.

From director Ridley Scott, the amazing visionary behind the sci-fi classics such as Alien (1979), Blade Runner (1982), and Promtheus (2012), comes any visual stunning science fiction survival flick with splendid visuals and superb storytelling. Matt Damon plays astronaut Mark Watney whose team is sent on a mission to Mars. The mission goes terribly wrong when an intense dust storm hits and Watney is hit with debris and presumed dead by his team. Before too long, Watney wakes up and reveals to be alive, but is now stranded alone on a deserted planet . Watney must put his skills and intelligence to the test in order to survive, while NASA and his team work together to rescue him and bring him back home. This involves planting crops with Mars soil to grow a yearly supply of food. This film features the talented cast of Jessica Chastain, Kristin Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Kate Mara, Michael Pena, Sean Bean, and Chiwetel Ejiofor.Upon seeing the trailer, I was quite excited for this movie. This is the best science-fiction I've seen since last year's Interstellar. This film runs for two hours and 21 minutes, but Ridley Scott always keeps it captivating from start to finish. There is very rarely a dull moment if any. Matt Damon's character Mark Watney manages to reduce the intense atmosphere with his optimistic and sarcastic attitude, spitting out hilarious one-liners here and there. In the trailer, he presented some of the most clever one-liners such as "I'm gonna need to science the s**t out of this" and "In your face Neil Armstrong", probably some of the best lines I've heard in a long time. So the film carries a comedic undertone to it in the amidst of the seriousness. The supporting characters have their witty moments of hilarity as well. The performances by Damon and the rest of the cast were pretty solid and deserve big thumbs up.The visual effects and cinematography are the biggest attention grabbers here. With Wadi Rum Valley in Jordan serving as a backdrop of Mars, audience are treated with the most realistic depiction of Mars ever shown in cinema. With the red-tinted saturation and lighting, it gives them the look like the film is actually shot in The scenes set in outer space are quite eye-popping. Another delightful aspect is the storytelling. Unlike most sci-fi films where there is a frequent sense of urgency, this film carries a very hopeful tone and the characters remain optimistic about their goals to save the main character after he gets stranded on a planet where no life exists (yet!). While it may disappoint some due to the lack of surprise elements, it stays very human-like and engrossing to where it keep the audience glued to their seats.The Martian is a must-see for all sci-fi fans, and perhaps everyone else. Matt Damon is amazing in this and the story never disappoints. I believe this film has some Oscars on the way for Best Visual Effects and Best Cinematopgraphy (possibly Best Sound editing). Have a theater near you? Go see this!

Ridley Scott is one of the greatest directors of his generation, often elevating a bland script to something far better if it were in the hands of a lesser filmmaker. While this is Scott's best film since Kingdom of Heaven, it is severely flawed none-the-less. The true highlight of the film is the visual aesthetic. Mars looks great and remarkably not like the Jordan desert, where it was filmed. But it's not the David Lean-esque look of mars which is the most impressive, it's the scenes down on earth which are more majestic. Any director can make Mars look cinematic, but the harder task is to make a group of people talking in a room look cinematic. And Scott succeeds at this immensely. Each scene is staged in a unique way, which is interesting to look at. You understand the relationships and thoughts of the characters simply by the way the camera is positioned. The performances are also good. Regular comedy performers Kristen Wiig and Jeff Daniels give wonderfully restrained performances and Matt Damon grabs your attention simply by planting potatoes. No one truly stood out though as an attention grabber which is nice to see, but ultimately unrewarding and sometimes bland. The screenplay is honestly dull. While there is a good amount of humour added, the majority of it is complex science jargon which is engaging to listen to and hard to understand or care for. The number one priority for a screenwriter is to humanize the characters. The science exposition gets in the way for that to happen so there aren't that many characters you can relate to. The film never truly gets deep with it's struggle to get Mark Watney back home, probably because it is painfully obvious that he will. The Martian is not a bad film but sometimes you think it could have been better, had the screenplay been better. Despite that, it is refreshing to see a sci-fi film that doesn't have the mind-boggling pretentiousness of something like 'Interstellar'.

I've been a huge fan of Ridley Scott's for years, counting Alien, Blade Runner, Thelma and Louise, Gladiator, Black Hawk Down, and American Gangster as some of my favorite films. But after the disappointing Robin Hood, Prometheus and Exodus I was hoping for a return to form. So his latest film comes as a welcome surprise, mostly because it doesn't come with the baggage of expectation like Prometheus. It is easily Ridley Scott's best film since American Gangster. Unlike recent space adventures, the film keeps the melodrama to a minimum, which was welcome, because so many films of this genre start out promising but eventually devolve into episodic "How do we fix this problem?". As usual, Scott's visual style is breathtaking, the effects are amazing and the acting is excellent. Highly recommended.

I liked the movie, much more than Prometheus or Interstellar. A big fan of Ridley Scott, I would possibly watch anything directed by him. And the pluses are for this movie: a lot of humor, which you have seldom seen in latest sci-fi movies. Also, the very active and strong character played well by Matt Damon (I really liked him) was a plus.However, if only some ground rules of biology were present: as a Scandinavian, many of us still grow our own potatoes, at least find out how to grow them: they are certainly not cut in half and just placed in soil. As well, after several hundred days of non-gravity (space) or low gravity (Mars) and all the cosmic radiation, people will have substantial loss of muscle and bone tissue and probably will not be able to conceive any more, rather develop carcinomas. This really could have been brought up in the end of this film or at least as an ethical issue at the part where the mother ship people decide to spend 900 days in space. I don't care if the original book did not mention it,this should be common knowledge by now. OK, maybe it would not have suited the script but movies really could do more for science.

True I'm a Star Wars fan yet most space movies aren't my cup of tea, but since this was directed by Ridley Scott called "The Martian" I said this might be one to see. And I must say that overall this one it did entertain with special effects and had the thrill and chills of being lost in space! Matt Damon is astronaut Mark Watney who along with a crew goes on a Mars mission, only when a bad storm hits Mark is assumed dead. And the crew returns to earth only to find out later that Mark is stranded on this hostile planet! What will Mark do? And how will he make it with limited supplies can he also stay alive? This film has you the viewer asking those questions keeping you on the edge proving that when limited a man uses will, smarts, determination, and skill that's learned to stay alive!

Every so often you see a star of a movie. This movie is that bright start. Cast, the direction etc couldn't be any better.This year Hasn't been a banner year for good movie, but this one indeed measures up.I can sit here and type out spoilers etc, but i not going to break the excitement for those that haven't seen it. "2001 SPACE ODYSSEY" being this kind of movie that all measured from, does just that. I am viewer, i love watching movie when i see this kind and well made, I am happy viewer. Thats what manners.If you have a chance to see it DO SO! don't take words from me or anyone else here..Seeing is believing.If your in to space movies this one is a can't miss. ...edit........3 people hated my review? come on these comments are mostly from people that Didn't EVEN PAY SEE THE MOVIE.....If you believe you know best think again! Updated.......if people continue to post negative votes.....it proves people don't read what's written.....(pay see the movie, then have right..otherwise cool it.

Excellent movie.. Absolutely loved it. My 13 year old son and I were counting the days till the movie came out and this instantly became one of my all time favorite movies. I was never a Matt Damon fan, didn't dislike him, just never really was into anything he was in. He was absolutely amazing in this role. Although there are less scenes with other people in Castaway, I put Matt's performance up there with Tom Hanks. Having to carry close to an entire movie on your own is not an easy thing to do and Matt did a great job. I am now a fan and will be looking into past movies of his to see what I have been missing. Already planning to go see this movie again really soon and as a widow with children and a disabled mom, movies are not always in the budget. I will make it work that's for sure! Love, love, love this movie!

Ridley Scott's The Martian is a Too Much technical movie. Why people watch movie?? To enjoy it but this movie is like we learn some kind of NASA SPACE program.Too much technical story. That how to bring a Astronaut to the earth. Too much lengthy discussion. Ridley Scott not shown any challenge to the Matt Damon on the MARS just he grew some potatoes on MARS "This is what we gonna see in the Ridley Scott's movie" come on. He can show some alien stuff some kind of challenge. Now about the spl Effects the every big budget Hollywood flick is coming with good spl effects.The Sandara's Bullocks The Gravity movie is very good movie in every aspect. In Martian there is no Action there is not adventure just lame acting buy Vincent kappor and Jeff Daniels. i don't know why this movie getting 8.5 Rating on IMDb.Because its a Ridley's Scott movie. I gave only 3 stars out of Ten just because of spl effect. There is nothing to watch on theater you will waste your 2:21:00 Hrs. watch it on DVD

The Martian quickly begins with the crew aborting their mission and abandoning Mark Watney after being hit by a debris during a storm on Mars, presuming he was dead. And for this impression, this introduction seems sort of contrived, but this film happens to be one of those that gets better and better. As we see this lone astronaut stand up and try to grow plants on this lifeless planet. Everything comes to life when it's just scrutinizing the protagonist's survival on Mars and NASA's rescue mission for him with a delightful dose of science and humor. People might be bragging for more atmosphere of oblivion around this environment, but apparently, it's actually not needed. The upbeat tone of the film is a terrific choice. Not everything has to be a tragedy, The Martian aims to make science look fun and it triumphs from top to bottom.Survival films like this tend to be about self-discovery, life regrets or other personal ordeals, but how this astronaut deals with his own situation is applying his skills; which is botany. So he strategically find ways to grow plants out of potatoes which were stored in their base for food, by collecting soil and fertilizer, even producing water out of chemistry. It's gripping stuff. But the science doesn't stop there; the plot shifts to NASA finding out Watney is still alive and trying to gain contact to rescue him. This rescue plan also consists plenty of scientific strategies; you still won't find any villain in this point, either. Because they're facing the same conflict as the stranded astronaut, which is the probability of failing, even if they carefully planned their ideas. Because every experiment could go wrong, even in something as simple as planting potatoes in a foreign planet.While much of it is discussing their plans and studies, the movie never becomes boring, mostly because it establishes its own personality; especially with its main character. Maybe if the movie is only about Mark Watney surviving on Mars, it would still be a pretty good film, because this character is given a real down-to-earth charisma and Matt Damon justifies all of it. Even when he is just talking for his log explaining his experiments or just driving a rover, it's already a quite entertaining movie to sit through. But having the full story is just equally as important as the Mars alone, because even outside the planet, the other characters are also given enough humor and witty dialogue to make their scientific explanations entertaining to watch. The supporting cast is filled with excellent talents as well that definitely helped making their every moment quite engrossing as Damon's.Of course, the movie doesn't lack impressive visuals, and this merit now comes from Ridley Scott's direction. We've come across with some ambitious space movies in the last two years; either it showcases amazing CGI or amazing practical craftsmanship, but here, those technical methods don't matter. It could be just balance. The simple exterior of Mars already looks impressive in detail, even the scenes in space where how it breathtakingly shoots the interior of the spaceship, it creates an exciting scale of adventure with these angles. There's many to be dazzled here visually, even without acting like an ambitious technical magnum opus. The direction also sharply displays their practicalities which makes every detail easy to comprehend from the fast pace. And the chaotic results of their plan can either be depicted with realism or just a thrilling ride.The Martian's straightforwardness is what made it utterly interesting and supremely entertaining. There is no personal life dilemmas involved in the Mars scenes or any cynical commentary at the NASA side. They're all seeking for the same goal, facing the same problem; they just want the crew to come home. And this doesn't need anything more than their knowledge. Some people might be looking for any sense of humanity in this realm of scientific jargon, and luckily, this movie has plenty of it: isn't Watney's determination of surviving enough? Or his constant sense of humor? How about his loyalty to his crew or everyone's longing of having them return to Earth and reunite with their loved ones; even if the latter is only briefly explained, it's already crystal clear, even without putting up any inspiring monologues or pickup lines. How these characters do their work is already uplifting, anyway. And of course, the soundtrack! Everything else, it's just human beings dealing with nature and time outside their own atmosphere. Their deliberately scrutinized plans are fifty-fifty in this cruel world. It's everything you would ask for in a smart Sci-Fi movie. Its flavor just made it more exciting.

Astronaut Mark Watney(Matt Damon) is unwittingly left behind on Mars, after his crew blasts off during a rock storm and assuming he was killed. So Watney does his best to make the best of the rough situation he is in, while trying to find a way to make contact to earth, in hopes of a rescue, but will Watney's hope ever happen? Damon really gives quite a realistic performance, he uses every bit of emotion, and trying to keep his sanity. And all the other cast also shine too. And seeing them struggle trying to bring him home. Jeff Daniels and Jessica Chastain among the others who really great here. So was Kristen Wiig in a non funny role who didn't that bad, for what she was giving. The effects are pretty good also.
