
I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it, because we both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, growing up. The crowd was a lot older than we were(we are almost 50) it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon. Not one dry eye in the place, it had a great tempo and didn't drag on or have any lulls in the story. We were both very pleased and are still engaging in conversations about the movie. It's my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in. That is my two cents, hope you enjoy as much as we have.

This was a good movie but not a great movie (this will not be a popular opinion). First the good stuff: Lady Gaga was perfect for and in this role - acting singing, chemistry, song writing - all fantastic. The chemistry between Bradley Cooper and Gaga was believable and, at times, breathtaking. The first two thirds of the movie had a great arch and captured us (as a friend, who watched the movie with me, said, "I could watch the first part of this movie on repeat.") I am also a big fan of about 5 of the songs, and would add them to my library without hesitation, they are beautifully written. Now, the not so good stuff: the last third of the movie was too long - it could easily be cut by 20 minutes, but Bradley Cooper, as director, was more than a little self indulgent with his own scenes (we got the struggle, drawing it out didn't serve the storytelling). Ally's character arch was disappointing. As her star rose she didn't learn to love what Jack saw in her. She didn't learn to take ownership of her own story, the very gift Jack was trying to give her. Ally's story wasn't resolved until the very last moments of the movie, it was eclipsed by Bradley's directorial obsession with Jack's decline, belying the original premise of all the STAR IS BORN movies and lessening her triumph. I guess what moved it from great to good, for me, was that the first two thirds proved it could be great but the last third got hijacked (no pun intended). I give this film a 7 (good) out of 10. {Music-centric Romantic Drama}

Let me start by saying that the performances are solid. Not mind blowing but solid. For her first film, Lady Gaga did very well but I can't say she blew my mind...but hey it's her first film and I like her, so good for her. That being said, the film seems to be getting WAY overblown by people. The first act is really great and the chemistry between Gaga and Cooper is phenomenal but after that it sort of devolves into a melodrama. The character development of Cooper's character is lacking. He is an alcoholic and we certainly see him drunk many times but I didn't see enough struggle to justify his character arc not was Cooper's performance powerful enough to convey the devastating agony of addiction. The film then goes through a few cliches as we see Gaga's character ascend to fame but again, we also don't see enough struggle from her character either. In all, the character conflicts are addressed but the film never fully dives into them in the way it certainly could have. I loved the first song of the film but the rest of the music was surprisingly bland and didn't captivate me at all. Lady Gaga obviously has an incredible voice and Cooper held his own surprisingly. Overall it was a good film, not great, just good.

A magnificent movie, captivating performances by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was, we knew she could sing, but didn't have any idea just how far her acting talent stretches!
After watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar gold. 
The movie is outstanding, the music is annoyingly perfect, the cast is great and everything shouts Oscar worthy movie. 
Ten out of ten!

This is the 4th version of A Star Is Born I've seen - 5th if you count What Price Hollywood - each version had a life of their own and reflected the times of the time in which it was made. The 2018 version is no exception. For me represented also the revelation of Lady Gaga as a phenomenal film presence. She is, quite simply, superb. Moving, powerful and real. Janet Gaynor had brought a form of overwhelming innocence, Judy Garland exploded in heartbreak in a Hollywood that doesn't exist anymore and she was, unquestionably, memorable. Barbara Streisand was tough with a strong sense of self even during her tribulations. Lady Gaga brings a little of each of them as well as something profoundly personal. Kudos to Bradley Cooper. His Norman Maine has a new name and a totally new presence. At times this version seems more about him than about her. In any case, I loved them both - Bravo!

I'm a little lost on how this movie is getting so many high reviews. Its a good looking movie, but the characters are relatively uninteresting and the best thing about the music is that they're not always singing. It just seemed to drag on and on. And on. And on.

If you're even a casual moviegoer, chances are you have already heard the argument; that originality is dead in Hollywood. We live in an era where even Ghostbusters is no longer sacred. Where you wouldn't be surprised if one of the large studios announced a remake of the Godfather or Citizen Kane. Those remakes might capture some audience members, but those films almost certainly don't capture the audience's hearts. They certainly don't capture the praise critics. They certainly don't take home any major awards.That all changes with A Star is Born.Change, however, is a key word when it comes to remakes. (Or remakes of remakes of remakes...) In order to make the venture worthwhile, the film makers not only have to stay close to the ideas of original film, but they have to have a reason to retell the story. It's a delicate balance. Every version of a Star is Born follows a broken celebrity, in the Winter of his career, damaged by years of drinking who is suddenly reborn when meeting a young ingénue. The two fall in love, but while their relationship develops, their entertainment careers go in different directions.Director and Co-Star Bradley Cooper's film seemingly borrows more from the Streisand/Kristofferson iteration of A Star is Born (the last time this story was retold), as the dynamic between the two lovers hinges on the music industry. When Streisand and Kristofferson remade the film, (for the fourth time at that point) in 1976, they broke one of the aforementioned expectations, as they both took home Golden Globes for their performances. Perhaps Cooper was more inspired by performance, rather than aesthetic, as the acting is one aspect out of many that shines in Cooper's version. The characters of Jackson Maine (Cooper) and Ally (Lady Gaga) drive the entire story in what is essentially a film with only half a dozen notable characters. Cooper and Lady Gaga have amazing chemistry, and from the moment you see the two on screen together for the first time you feel the connection.First time director, Cooper, deftly creates intimacy between Jackson and Ally, without which the story would certainly not be as successful. In stadiums housing thousands of fans, in small dressing rooms packed with screaming Drag Queens, in a loud dive bar, in the parking lot of an all-night-grocer, Cooper uses tight framing and sound impeccably to make it seem like they're the only two people in the world. You understand his charm, you see her vulnerability, and the two actors give side-by-side stellar performances.That isn't to take away anything from a small, but powerful supporting cast. There were some brilliant and surprising moments from Dave Chappelle as Noodles, an old friend of Jackson's who reiterates how much Ally has revitalized Jackson. The largest surprise came from Andrew Dice Clay as Lorenzo, Ally's father. Both Clay and Chappelle brought great moments of love and humanity in their criminally small interactions with the two main characters. Sam Elliot also surprised me in his role as Bobby, Jackson's (much) older brother. They explain the age discrepancy, but the rest is self-explanatory as he and Cooper truly are brothers on screen, with all the frustration, fights and familiarity that goes with that relationship. Elliot in his similarly small time on screen, often showed the softer side of his craft, hiding touching instants of sadness when it comes to his difficult relationship with his brother, concealed only slightly by his iconic mustache.It begs the question, does Cooper deserve all the praise as director, or does the cast? What I can glean from the film is Cooper definitely had his cast on the same page, as regardless of screen time, these actors made you care about their characters. The audience is invested. There are countless pivotal story beats where these characters may do something frustrating or angering. Instead of merely recognizing that these are hurdles to push the story further, I found myself almost vocally upset, akin to yelling at a character in a horror film to not go in the room where the killer is hiding. This film makes you want the protagonists to succeed, even when dealing with topical subplots regarding celebrity, regret, depression and substance abuse.And that's because you're along for the ride the entire time. You're a part of this love story. The film sucks you in from the beginning with the roar of a raucous concert audience, the hard beat of the drums on Jackson's stage, and his hypnotic swagger as he plays for thousands. If you were one of the millions of people who have seen the trailer for this film, I'm sure you know exactly what I'm talking about (kudos to the promotional department of this film, as that, is an extremely engaging and powerful trailer) but it stems from an extremely engaging and powerful film. The music, much like it did with the trailer gets inside you, not just inside your head where you find yourself humming a gentle country lilt sang by Cooper, it gets inside your heart and soul and rattles around. It repeats over and over until you're the one who doesn't want to let go. While Cooper should be commended for taking his craft seriously and improving his singing, this is where Lady Gaga shines, to no one's surprise.Ally is a perfect role for her. The performer has spoken about how vulnerable and ugly she felt in some scenes when shooting this film, but it made her so real on screen. Ally's career, much like the first half of the film, blasts off, and all you can do is hold on until you realize the songstress is belting a powerful ballad. You wonder, much like her character "how did we get here" but at that point, you're just happy to be along for the ride. It is a testament to Lady Gaga's ability, because being such an iconic figure, if it weren't for her conveyance of sincerity and humility, the character's journey would seem forced and unfulfilling. Because of Gaga's performance, however, you relish the moment Ally can finally embrace who she is and bravely belt out her songs with no inhibition. In a film with so many moments that grab you, the music is undeniably one of my favorite aspects. I can't wait for this film to get a wider release so the studio can also make the soundtrack available.If and when Award season comes, and A Star is Born is undeniably a forerunner for several major awards, I think Cooper should be commended simply because as director, he brought everything together. The songwriters, the actors, the cinematography, the sound design was superbly balanced to create the best possible version of this story making it, the brightest star for both critics and audiences.

I am more than just a bit surprised how many of the IMDB reviews just glow about this remake, of another remake, of another remake of yet still another remake. In case some people don't realize it, this film has been over cooked since the 1930's. Maybe women love Bradley Cooper so this is his vanity project in which he is credited as the writer, director, and star. Heck, Bradley Cooper even went as far as having a Sam Elliott voice over by copying Elliott's gravelly voice and Mr. Vanity (Cooper) even gives himself several minutes of solo face time singing as a past-his-prime-time weary weathered alcoholic singing star.Oh sure, Cooper pulled out as many pity points that he possibly could by including his loyal dog pining for our over the hill rock star. While Jack hides behind his closed garage door his dog rests in front of the door resting alone and waiting for his master Jack to come out from behind the closed garage door. Awwwwww shucks. Cooper's screenplay denotes "sappy sucker tears called for here".I wish Hollywood would welcome some fresh new screenwriters blood with some really creative ideas for screenplays rather than just use bonafide stars to re-write old screenplays and re-hash old movies and expect us avid filmgoers who enjoy going to actual movie theaters to suck the old crap up again and again.I bet that more than half the people who wrote a praiseworthy IMDB review in 2018 for this film won't even remember who starred in this 5th version of A Star Is Born because it is simply not a memorable film, nor is it worthy of the bloated high praise it has been garnering. In reference to the great P.T. Barnum "There's a Sucker Born Every Minute"...don't be the next one. Pass on this overrated remake.

Only went because the average rating on IMDb were very high and I usually found them very reliable.
Unfortunately this time they were not a good indicator.
It's a very average movie, boring at times, with a poor actress performance from Lady Gaga.
I do not comprehend how it can be rated above a 6/10 to be honest.

It's a story as old as time, and that's evident in the fact that Bradley Cooper's A Star Is Born is the fourth (yes, FOURTH) remake of the movie classic. However, with clearly passionate directing and acting throughout, furthered by wonderful music and an efficient portrayal of the classic rags-to-riches story, this proves a thoroughly entertaining and memorable watch that absolutely flies by over the course of nearly two and a half hours.But before we get into all that, I have to start with the film's opening half hour, which is exceptional. Despite its long running time, there's so much packed into the opening act, and it's delivered with jaw-dropping passion and energy, to the point where I felt absolutely exhilarated by the film within such a short period of time.The passion with which Bradley Cooper is directing the movie is clear from the opening scene, and as we see our superstar musician form an unlikely and unexpected bond with a young local singer, the film begins to tell that age-old story about finding fame in beautiful and riveting fashion.In fact, in the knowledge that it's a story that you know like the back of your hand, Cooper ingeniously ramps the dial up to eleven as we watch our young up-and-coming star caught up in an exhilarating whirlwind as she is suddenly transported from a small waitressing job to singing in front of thousands, culminating in a stunningly moving musical sequence that feels like a true epiphany, as you watch this young woman overwhelmed as she gets her first taste of stardom, something that I was absolutely blown away by.That opening half hour is truly exceptional. Full of emotion, drama and moving at a pace that mirrors the dramatic transformation from ordinary singer to superstar, it's exhilarating to watch at every moment, and easily the best opening act I've seen from a film this year, setting up the rest of the film fantastically.Rather unfortunately, however, things don't quite pan out in the same stunning fashion through the rest of the movie. While the remained of A Star Is Born is still good, I was left feeling a little disappointed that it couldn't keep up that same exhilarating energy and emotion from the first act, as things quieten down and become a little more predictable.Of course, there's nobody who doesn't know this story, so being predictable isn't as much of a problem, but what I found frustrating about the film was how it failed to keep delving deeper into the lives of the lead characters as their careers start flying in completely opposing directions.As a director, Cooper did an incredible job with the opening half hour, and his passion for the subject matter remains strong throughout, but the problem comes in the way that he portrays the main points of this age-old story in a rather plain fashion, moving a little too readily onto each new stage in the two singers' careers without leaving enough time for things to settle.In that, the film has a good pace to it that makes it a thoroughly entertaining watch right to the end, but with the exception of the opening act and the finale, there just isn't enough depth to the individuals here, leaving me a little detached from their emotions throughout the middle portion, and having to rely on my knowledge of the classic rags-to-riches story to understand more about what they were feeling.So, a little bit more clarity and patience would have gone a long way here, and I would have been genuinely happy to watch another half hour or so of the film.While the second two-thirds of the movie aren't so profoundly moving, that doesn't mean there's nothing to praise, because along with Cooper's passionate directing, we see two fantastic performances from the director himself as well as Lady Gaga.Starting off with Bradley Cooper, his portrayal of an aging and fading star is thoroughly fascinating to watch. While he doesn't appear as the story's main focus, the quality of his performance is such that I was at times even more invested in his character than the rise of the starlet, as he pulls off the maturity and likability of his battle-hardened character while still putting in a powerful portrayal of his deeper weaknesses, something that makes him both delightfully appealing and still deeply interesting to follow throughout.Alongside Cooper is Gaga, who is a real revelation here. Given that she's never been in a role of this magnitude before, her acting ability is truly stunning, and she gives a performance that's just as profound and striking as any experienced A-list actress. Taking from her own experience of life in the music business and her rise to stardom in real life, the passion that she feels for her character is clear in every scene, with that previously mentioned epiphany-inducing musical number 'Shallow' featuring the best example of her incredible acting.She holds fantastic chemistry with Cooper, and the two make their characters' relationship both convincing and genuinely appealing, even through the inevitable ups and downs of the story, keeping your interest strong as the film moves through the story towards the finish.In the end, I was very impressed with A Star Is Born. It's unfortunately not pitch-perfect all the way through, but after a mind-blowing opening act, and featuring passionate and likable directing and performances throughout, it proves a massively entertaining watch regardless, with some excellent music to boot.

The very heart of this movie is the love story between the rising star Lady Gaga and the jaded drug ridden alcoholic that is Bradley Cooper's falling star. On many levels the chemistry just wasn't there, Bradley's convincing method style was fully realised as a train wreck of a man but lacked any real character development, Lady Gaga's acting was very on the surface and at some points you could practically see her counting her emotional responses on line and on cue.The emotional responses seemed to be confined between pathetic and hysterical that jarred with Bradley's more nuanced emotional palette. Clearly Gaga devotees will see no fault. The pacing of the movie was laborious at times with any tension evaporating entirely. Two aspects of the movie were worthy of note, firstly the realistic concerts and the documentary nature of the camera work, and lastly, on the whole, the music, it was great fun but not memorable as it was set within an unconvincing movie.

I was looking forward to this due to the high ratings and that I like the lead actors. However felt it was a poor story, fairly predictable, slightly cringeworthy acting, I kept hoping it would improve but was disappointed

Bradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very end of the movie.

It will be nominated for several Oscars and win "best original song" for sure.
Whether you love Gaga as a singer or not, let's just appreciate and enjoy this amazing work by a new actress, LadyGaga. Sam and Bradley are also brilliant in their character. A Star Is Born is not the typical genre of movie like Moonlight/Spotlight/Blackkklansman that will probably snatch Oscars for best picture, but I can promise it will still do well in the award seasons. To sum up, it will gain both commercial and critical success. Just enjoy it as a romantic/musical film!

Lady Gaga can sing, but i can not say therefore that was a good movie. I was waiting the whole time when the heck this movie would end. I do not recommend it.

Gaga is one of the best voices there is but the songs are as terrible as the laziest pop songwriters can go, so there goes the voice. first 30 minutes was a bit watchable, Cooper was being a overly deep, sympathetic drunk, gaga was..gaga? ..then the plot deploys and removes the watchableness..not worthy of paing money to watch, watched bad times at the el royale last friday because this was sold out and that was by far a more enjoyable movie

This movie really touched my heart, it really is the best movie of the year and everyone should see this masterpiece. I was impressed by Gaga's acting skills, she deserves an Oscar! And her voice.... Omg she is so perfect, the song I Will Never Love Again is so majestic

This movie is just plain bad. There must be some big payola going round this awards season. Badly written, average acting at best, all the characters are unrelatable and inlikeable. 2 hours of my life wasted. Gaga was edited out of any opportunity to really act and other actors carried her scenes on there back. Bradley Cooper just drank swore and mumbled for 2 hours. I really don't understand where all the good reviews and awards are coming from.

Poised to be an instant classic, almost everything about this film is phenomenal - the acting, the cinematography, the discography, etc.

It was well acted, directed, and the music was good. But the story is yawn. Not trying to rip anybody but I checked my watch a dozen times during this movie. It's also my opinion that the characters weren't developed properly. Introduce us to the characters and let us see who they are prior to meeting each other.Sam Elliot & Andrew Dice Clay were standouts.

Being a film buff I never watched the older takes of "A Star is Born" however I watched this latest modern spin with Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga(who have great on screen chemistry together). The film is a joy as it touches your emotions and grows on you from the love of the two central characters and the pain combined with fame and sorrow make this musical drama(the songs are uplifting)a wonderful watch.Jackson Maine(Bradley Cooper) is a hard living and hard whiskey drinking western rock singer who lives it up entertaining crowd after crowd. Jackson is a man who's got plenty of personal demons besides the bottle as his family friction with only brother Bobby(the great Sam Elliott) weighs on his heart heavy. Things change when Ally(Lady Gaga) captures his heart along the way the two get to know each other in an intimate way as passion becomes love.Still the love is not without struggle and heartache as Ally becomes famous and well known while Jackson's music and personal life both take a downward path with alcoholism as he just can't escape his own dark shadows. It's like you as the viewer could see the tragedy coming all along.Overall entertaining film with fine and beautiful music and the on screen chemistry between Bradley and Gaga is in top notch form, as clearly this is one love drama to see that showcases the rise of fame and stardom, also while showing a grim personal downfall.

This story has been filmed three times before: in 1937 (with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March); 1954 (with Judy Garland and James Mason) and 1976 (with Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson). In all of these films the story has been the same: an alcoholic and over-the-hill actor (or with Kris Kristofferson, rock star) finds a young talented ingenue to love and develop into a superstar.The modern day remake is a little different in that Jackson Maine, our older star (now played by Bradley Cooper), is a stadium-filling mega-rock-star, recognised and idolised in every bar he goes into.... and he frequents a LOT of bars. Maine mixes the cocktail with drugs in this version meaning that as one star is ascending, his seems destined to be heading into a black hole.At its heart, this is a good story of having self-confidence in your own abilities, no matter how people around you try to put you down. Gaga's Ally is one such person; a waitress who is constantly being told, especially by her blue-collar dad and his boozy friends, that although she has a great voice she's "never going to make it" because of the way she looks. In chilled fashion she meets Jackson Maine, who hears her sing and thinks she might be on the edge of glory. Not worried about her big nose, he appreciates she was born that way: in fact he likes her so much he wants to poke her face. (Sorry... couldn't resist it).I appreciate from the IMDB rating that I am probably in a minority here. (At the time of writing this is (imho) a ridiculously high 8.3). But for me, I found the whole thing a dull affair. I can't remember the last time I went to a film when I actively looked at my watch... but 1 hour 45 into this, I did (it had another 30 minutes to run).For one thing, I just didn't believe Bradley Cooper as the rock star character. He just came across as totally false and unbelievable to me. I had more resonance with Gaga's Ally. Even though she is a novice actor (and it showed at times) in general I thought she did a creditable job. But given these two factors together, there are long and indulgent exchanges between the pair that seemed to me to go on in-ter-min-ably. Best actor in the film for me was Sam Elliott as Jackson's brother Bobby. The mellowing of the brothers is a scene that I found genuinely touching.I'd also like a glance at the original script, since there are some passages (the "boyfriend/husband" lines is a case in point) where it felt like one of them made an script mistake and, instead of Cooper (as director) shouting "cut", they kept it going as some sort of half-arsed improv.What is impressive is that they got to film at live concerts (including at Glastonbury), although most of this footage is of the hand-held nausea-inducing variety. There is zero doubt that Gaga can belt out a song better than anyone. But I didn't get that same feeling about Bradley Cooper's singing: like a lot of this film (with Cooper as co-producer, co-screenwriter AND director) it felt to me like a self-indulgent piece of casting.I know music is extremely subjective, and "country" isnt really my think anyway. But the songs by Gaga and Lukas Nelson were - "Shallow" aside - for me rather forgetable.Overall, in a couple of years that have brought us some great musicals - "La La Land"; "Sing Street"; "The Greatest Showman" - here's a film about the music industry that did nothing for me I'm afraid.

Unfortunately we don't have a reliable way to tell the true ratings of a movie.If it wasn't for the ridiculously overblown ratings I wouldn't mind, perhaps I would have watched it anyway because I like Bradley Cooper, but being lured into watching this thing expecting a 8-9 star movie... not cool. This is a movie just for Lady Gaga hardcore fans, anybody else expect a every average product.

Okay. I went and saw it because of the soft side in me (or, in other words, my wife wanted me to go see it with her .... I love her so much). I didn't know what to expect so I went in with an open mind. The first hour showed promise but the rest of the movie was kinda like the movie the "Titantic" -- You knew the boat would sink at the end. I found the F word so often said that it took away from the film. I say that word from time to time but not 74 times in two hours. And, I'm 33 years old. And, I'm not bashful. Lada Gaga is the reason for the crowded theater. If they said Stephanie Germanotta was the actor in it, the theater would have been empty. I personally like her and admire her for opening up about her mental and physical struggles. That is a great help for so many! But, this is a movie and not a lipped sync'd video. The Lady Gaga marketing didn't make up the difference for this film.One poster asked a good question: How many 10 out of 10's can fans give a movie when it isn't even released? Is this just marketing by the movie makers?Five foot two is better than this movie. Wait for a Star is Born to come out to redbox or netflix..... The restrooms will be closer and the drinks will be cheaper.

Toss every movie trope into a salad, add a bit of sap and you've got A Star Is Born. I wanted to love this movie but it was a total mess from start to finish. I didn't care about a single character and wasn't surprised by anything, not even the "tragic" ending. The songs were good and the acting was fine I guess (other than Gaga who was bleh) but the story was all over the place, the motivations of the characters were inconsistent and I didn't believe for a second that any of this was happening. Overall one of the worst movies I've seen in a while (and I saw both Peppermint and "Ready Player One", so...).

Battled to understand a word Bradley Cooper and Sam Elliott said, the constant mumbling drove me to distraction, give Ga Ga her dues she was ok.

I cannot believe the high review scores on this site- one even called it a masterpiece! After spending 2.25 hours watching this I can only rate it as 1/10, in other words utter rubbish, waste of time. The plot could be told in under a minute but it took the producers 2.25 hours to tell this pitiful and obvious predictable tale. The whole thing seems like a lady gaga promo video, and good for her, she has obvious talent and it's her film! The other lead character is an obvious " drink and drugs" tale but what is not explained is - WHY? What made him such a lush? He's not an appealing character but we don't know why..? She on the other hand shamelessly exploits his introduction and reputation to build HER career! The ending was obvious and far too long in coming.
If you have not seen it, dont bother, go and watch paint dry instead.

The editing is a mess, and the transitions of the plot or characters are rather strange. There is no narrative focus and the storytelling is unbalanced. I cannot really understand why such a bad movie received an overwhelming approval from the critics. Maybe they are all fans of Gaga? Bradley Cooper should stop making movies.

A movie that will take you to another world full of emotions. Lady Gaga is an amazing actress with impressive acting skills! The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills, you'll just find yourself in tears! 
I don't need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper!! This is literally the best movie of 2018 
And one of the best Musical/Romance movies ever!

Completely failed to live up to the hype. The acting is fine and the singing is good, although the songs are a mixed bunch, but the story itself is tired and unoriginal. 
Surely, if you're going to make a remake of a remake it will be because you're got something new to say. Perhaps there was a lofty initial notion to comment on the price of fame, or on how banal manufactured pop stars are but, if so, that voice got lost along the way; much like Ally's did. 
I quite enjoyed the start but the slow pacing, monotonous gravelly voices and hackneyed story made me grateful for the ending, when it finally arrived.

This 4th incarnation of A Star is Born featuring Bradley Cooper and Dollar Store Madonna knockoff Lady Gaga is proof yet again that there really is very little or no creativity in Hollywood in our modern times. Are filmmakers so dam lazy that they decided to reheat a classic film like mom's late night leftovers which the more times you do the taste tends to spur over time. That's what this film is like. 1 remake is fine, 2 remakes is pushing but 3 damn remakes of the original film...just toss what very little brain cells you have left in the garbage because those praising this reheated concoction are suffering from long term food poison. Sorry the Star isn't born because the Star burnt out just like mom's leftovers

Remake, Rehash, Recycle and do it badly seems to be the new norm.

Yeah, you read that headline right. I absolutely hated this cliched mess of a movie that did absolutely nothing new or interesting. I could go on and on about the specifics of the movie that I disliked (and I actually did on my blog), but I'll make an attempt to keep it brief.The first third or so of the movie was pretty good in my opinion--the characters really shined and the soundtrack was absolutely phenomenal. It was this first third or so of the movie that made me respect the love story and convinced me--even for a second--that it would be a new take on this kind of love story. Then a record producer showed up and everything went downhill. From there, every single aspect of the plot was dull, predictable, and unexciting. I wondered what the point was in staying and watching through the entire thing if I could predict it all. The characters are what ultimately got me through the movie (or more specifically Jackson, since I found Ally nearly unlikable by the end of the film).I only cried once while the other moviegoers in my theater were blubbering over every other line of dialogue. The end of the movie--where Jackson committed suicide--is the only part that got me. Other scenes were just predictable and boring to me (if well acted). The movie's commentary on the suicide ("It was HIS fault") enraged me, since it's NOBODY'S fault when someone commits suicide.Every other aspect of the movie (with the exception of the aforementioned soundtrack and performances of the actors) is either dull or unnoteworthy. The movie clearly has nothing new to say other then new artists with crappy music deserve a Grammy. I wasn't happy I saw it and I am wholly unsatisfied with the experience. At least Gaga and Cooper have amazing singing voices.

It's watchable. Sorry but it's just not as good as all the reviews I read before seeing it. Gaga can't act, she's pretty one dimensional throughout. Am I the only one that sees that?! Songs are ok but they're very 'X Factor/Reality tv fodder'
Stick to the Streisand film, much better.

This film has little emotional feel to it. You would get more emotion from an episode of hollyoaks. Lady Gaga is pretty good in the lead role but Bradley Cooper is quite frankly a poor acrtor who has only made it because of his looks. He was just not a convincing alcoholic / drug addict. As for his direction, words fail me.
The film just doesn't flow from the get go and the script is amateurish and patchy. Don't waste your money on this turkey.

Wow just when I thought nobody in Hollywood could find a way to beat a dead horse Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga do it. Completely pathetic that they had to do a reboot of a movie to get any Oscar attention. I love how before posting this IMDb asks, does this review contains spoilers? It's a movie that's been done twice before by better people than Cooper and Gaga.

I hesitate to label it the "Worst movie of the year" when "Worst movie of the century" fits it even better. It's so sad and shameful that critics have to lie and write positive reviews for money!!! This movie is so boring and lame! I like Bradley Cooper as an actor but jeez, Gaga can't act at all, there's no connection between her and the character and during the film, it feels like someone feeding her lines. This movie is a nasty, foul deposit in the great toilet bowl of cinema trash. Don't waste your time and money!

As a huge fan of Lady Gaga, I must admit that I thought she was dreadful. I don't recall an actress that tried so hard to be natural that it came off totally fake and forced. Talk about chewing the scenery.The only other well respected actress to do this is also is Angela Bassett, who ruins everything she is in,FOR ME. This film besides the large budget .In short GaGa cannot play Vulnerable and Naive. Besides chewing scenery she looks like she could chew Bradley.
 had the worst costume design work recently in any film large budget or small. Bradley Cooper certainly has no eye for design. As for the film generally speaking it was paint by the numbers.The first bar scene where Gaga sings, it is mentioned that they do this Drag thing once a week.Moments later we have a Drag Queen say Something to the effect that she does not want to lose her alcohol license. This is not a gay bar. It is a straight bar that has Female impersonators once a week. There was not one original moment in this ASIB. For a women like Ally who claims to be insecure performs diva like from the start singing La Ve en Rose. Then we have Boring Montage's and flashbacks that did nothing. Where this film really fell apart was in the SNL number. It was quite possibly the worst musical Number in a film ever. I should have seen Venom with a real talented actor. Sam Elliott was good as was Gaga's manager. The rest was a big SO WHAT. Still can't get over the horrible costume work. Word of mouth will kill this.

Complete mess. I expected mote from this movie, the story can carry the emotions it's trying tk transfer, the acting ia okay, but ti give this 8.4? It's shameful.

Basically a platform for GaGa & Cooper. It just didn't grab me. To long & quite boring.

I was shocked to see that this film had a pretty high rating on this site. Compared to the 1976 Barbra Streisand/Kris Kristofferson version, I didn't think the Lady Gaga/Bradley Cooper film was all that great.If you know the stories from the first three movies, then you know that this story is no different. It's about a rock star named Jackson Maine (Cooper) who's being tortured with booze and drugs and is about to see the end of his career. One time after a gig, he instructs his chauffer to drop him off at a local bar near downtown L.A. He walks in to discover it's a drag bar, but he doesn't seem to mind. In there, he discovers a local singer (who is a real woman) named Ally (Gaga) and after her performance he is just smitten with her. After a show, he invites her out on a date. During that date, they have a nasty run-in with Ally's ex-boyfriend. After Jackson gets Ally away from him, they sit down in front of a supermarket where she tells him that despite her talents, she has difficulty finding her big break. Jackson then listens to Ally belt out a song and then he tells her without a doubt if she finds the right person to help her, she will have a successful career. Then throughout the movie with all the ups and downs by fate, Ally finds herself becoming a new A-list star."A Star Is Born' is basically the same old story in which a local singer with no ties to the industry has the fortune (or misfortune) to have a chemically dependent addict bump into her to make her dreams come true, they fall in love, get married, but his alcoholism and drug addiction threatens their marriage. Once Ally is on a roll, Jackson starts to develop jealousies over her success in which he begins to feel threatened by her wondering if this means the end of his career. Ally also has to decide if she wants to continue staying with him as it is becoming apparent that Jackson could be a seriously liability to Ally's success. Unlike the previous version, this version has an editing style that I thought left a lot to be desired. Except when Jackson and Ally are singing, there is no background music throughout the film which could have been helpful to guide the audience. Plus this film does not have any fades from scene to scene, the film just has very crude jumps from one scene to another. Finally, while Lady Gaga is a wonderful singer and the music in the film was quite good, the same cannot be said of her acting abilities. With the exception of the music, I don't see this film getting any Oscar nominations on acting or technical merits. Instead of getting emotional at the film's conclusion, I was impatiently waiting for this film to end.Sorry, but I think Bradley Cooper slipped up on the directing of this film and Lady Gaga doesn't know how to act either. On a scale of 1-to-10, I give this film a very generous 5.

Hope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act.

Is purposefully unintelligently heavy handed so as to seem as a plot is well developed when its not, just keeps going back and forth to keep you think you are "feeling" things when you are really not, bad just very very bad

I didn't expect this movie to be THAT HUGE. The movie is full of emotions and deep moments that I've found myself in tears. The songs are amazing, the act is amazing and I can say that this is movie of the year

The movie has good acting and amazing music, but the sheer fact that the end message is that there is such a thing as a noble suicide voids it all. The most horrible thought to ever put into an impressionable mind, adult or child, is this movie's ending. My heart aches for the kid whose Mom and Dad are getting a divorce and the kid think it's his or her fault and that he or she may be the cause of their strife. Then decides to tap out because they saw this movie.
So, leaving her was not an option? And actually what is wrong with her sacrifice for their love postponing her singing career for their love and his health? That was noble and caring of her. That was true love.This jerk kills hikself scarring her and his brother and anyone else who loves him forever.This is by far one of the worst stories and messages ever given in a Hollywood movie. The title shouldn't be A Star is Born. It should be A Selfish Man Destroys His Life and Those Who Truly Cared.

Its yet another completely uninteresting remake. I don't understand how this movie is getting such high ratings. The acting is ok except for Lady Gaga who isn't particularly good. I was just wishing for the thing to be over the the last hour. The movie starts off as a 6-7, drops to a 5-6 in the middle, and falls off the cliff for the last 45-60 minutes. My wife usually loves movies like this, but she put it as a 6 or so, which is low for her. Don't believe the hype. Find a better way to spend 2 1/2 hours - maybe the dentist is still open?

Its starts really strong, funny and romantic, Then it stays way too long in the middle where nothing is happening except for a lot of songs. It's badically a romantic musical. Personally Gaga's voice never hits me or gives me good goosebumps (that is a personal thing, I know).
They both act convincing, but still why does it take soooo damn long. End song was a deliberate try-hard to hit you in the feels but totally missed me be miles. Cheap edit with the flashbacks, and still miss.
Overrated, and not for me.

We watched the 1954 version of A Star is Born after seeing the 2018 Bradley/Gaga version. Both are good. Judy Garland and James Masson were great. Especially the music score. Not sure what happened on this one.

Lady Gaga a horrible actress if you want a chance to catch up on sleep perfect movie for it. Had about 20 times to end and and it never ended I eventually just walked out after it would never end I took a nap and woke up and it was still playing well rested now.

What a disappointment, really subpar dumb Hollywood cliche movie . Script is basically so simple thats insulting to people do this for a job and make amazing stories . Drunk childhood father broken rock-country singer meets ugly waitress that sings on weekends and makes her a star , and while she's developing her talent , he drowns in booze while fights with his brother who he idolized and decides to hand himself because of some idiotic comment by his wife's manager ... Jesus I can't digest this crap . Only thing that is worth of seeing here is Bradley Cooper drunk performance, because we already know Lady Gaga can sing ... Poor American Dream movie with no real story .

This is its fourth time being remade, same plot, same title, same story. No effort needed here. Quit praising an unoriginal idea. And lady gaga makes me want to hurl up raw meat.

Cooper's painfully earnest depiction of a (very unlikeable and greasy-haired) addict is far too heavy for this frothy material. As one reviewer said, more 'A Star Goes Out' than 'A Star Is Born'. At least the self-indulgent focus on him spares us much of Gaga's precariously near-wooden acting. If Cooper was insistent on giving it the heavy-handed treatment he should have had the character's addiction stem from the pressures of fame and not from his family background. The resulting premise makes the music industry setting redundant. Subsequently, there is no palpable reason for tension between the leads, which makes for a very lacklustre experience. This might have been saved by a crackle of sexual chemistry but there is none. Cooper looks good without his shirt on but so what? Nobody wants to stare at those two weird faces for two and half hours. Some of the gruff-voiced dialogue is embarrassing (Sam Elliott, anyone?). Following in the unfortunate footsteps of 'Mother!' and 'Hereditary', it's unintentionally funny in parts and boring in others. The songs aren't bad but they're not in the same league as those from the 1976 version. Gaga's performance on the stage is, of course, good but not that good. She screeches out the songs from the beginning and consequently has nowhere to go for the denouement. Let's face it, she has about a quarter of Streisand's talent and none of the charisma. I can see the effort, but mediocre results. Next!

Boring movie would have got zero stars if IMDB did not have one star as a minimum rating

A great movie!! Gaga was so incredible and Bradley was a great director

Sizzling chemistry between Jackson and Ally makes for a perfect watch! The cinematography is splendid. Lady Gaga truly might be the greatest musician of this generation. Almost all of the music is written and produced by her along with talented producers and songwriters like Diane Warren, Julia Michaels, Mark Ronson, Mark Nilan, Paul Blair and the likes of it. Rupaul's drag race alumnus Shangela and Willam are a perfect add to this melodrama. Sam Elliott is phenomenal, Dave Chapelle and Andrew Dice Clay give great performances.Bradley Cooper proves himself as a strong director, and Lady Gaga is a revelation. Its like a whole new side of her. I highly recommend this movie.

If you saw the trailer already, I do not recommend watching this movie. It happens exactly what you expect to happen. No surprises, no excitement, just cheesy. Also it could have been a lot of shorter. I just watched it because of Lady Gaga in the starring role but at some times I was about to fall asleep.

I had high expectation before watching this since there's so much hype and I enjoy Lady Gaga music, and I've left cinema with disappoints.The story is meh, it's way too long, slow, confused and a bit superficial, especially third last of the movies.
Bradly Cooper act is amazing, however it's a bit ruined by unnecessary long and slow story at the end.
Gaga act was so so, story of how main character became the star was so poorly directed and a bit nonsense.And the music, it's mixed, there's some good moment but overall is just ok. Compare to other great musical movie like La la land, this is way behind.I don't get why this get so much 10 stars, perhaps Gaga's fan should stop polluting IMDB with bias reviews. I saw so many 10 stars rate (like thousands) even months before movie came out.

Despite scattered individual moments of interest, this long dull remake needs a writer, an editor and a concept. Only one song survives without butchery, La Vie En Rose. The story details are ludicrous, the relationship unexplored, some dialogue unintelligible, and the ending preposterous. Her not-very-big big nose, his non existent manager, the big brother's mumblind instead of speaking, and her bulldozer cliche driven manager all contribute to the unbelievable fairy tale romance that leaves with one word: REALLY. This film is just some beautiful dead space. And cutting her final song for a shot of the dead male singer doing a duet. No thanks. Save your money

Young female song writer gets talent spotted by an old rock star and taken along to his gigs.Could be subtitled, 'An Indroduction to the Self Destructive World of Music Fame.'Too many stretched scenes and not enough music. The dialogue is very hit and miss; sometimes it really works while others it's so much navel gazing. The editor needed much sharper sciscors.For Lady Gaga fans.Do not watch if you're already suffering from depression.

Maybe only the sound on this film is up to par...everything else is drown in mediocrity...

Mark my words: Bradley Cooper's A Star is Born is going to win a bunch of awards this fall, and for all the wrong reasons.
Cooper is playing a successful rock-star (complete with addictions) and he has the look down to Hollywood perfection, long greasy-but-attractive hair and husky mid-western growl. He sounds about right too as a singer (and people will marvel at the work he's put into vocal and stage training) but his soul isn't quite there. He's manufactured a contradiction: a boozy self-destructive drug addict who always stays clean and agreeable. In a scene intended to show his lowest point, he pisses himself, drunk onstage at the Grammy's, but even that moment is presented tastefully. His urine has no stink or colour.
When Bette Midler played a fictionalized version of Janis Joplin in The Rose, you could smell the sweat and the substances, and that performance really stabbed you. She was exactly the right performer for the material (a fully-developed script by Bo Goldman), and she was directed (miraculously by Mark Rydell) to her full potential, and then some. 
Lady Gaga does come alive when she's singing, but her scenes here don't amount to anything. They're snippets of a characterization, and you're not sure whether the inferior script or the underlying sense of self-control is responsible. She seems to be acting with one eye on the monitor. My guess is it's as much a Gaga project as it is Cooper's. Again moviegoers and fans alike will gasp at the self-proclaimed (and I think highly self-monitored) de-glamorization of Gaga, a performer known for visual hyper-creativity, and mistake it for mastery. She's also the wrong person to begin with: who can buy a performer so over-exposed and self-exposed as Lady Gaga as a reluctant newcomer? It just feels dishonest on her behalf.
Very early in the film I became so disengaged that I started thinking about why I didn't feel anything. About an hour in it struck me: every time Cooper and Lady Gaga were onscreen together it felt like the first time, like two actors who'd never met (their characters often acting surprised to see each other without explanation also created consistent gaps in continuity). Whether this is intentional to allow improvisation isn't clear, but I was constantly longing for a connection that wasn't there. The words weren't there on the page, and the two star performers kept acting out their own narcissistic movie.

I gave it only 1 star to Appreciate how handsome is bradly Cooper. But the story gets no where, make no sense and has no meaning at all

I was looking forward to this movie... Previews make it look like a feel good movie. It was anything but!  Second half of the movie really drug on and on! Wondering when the movie would be over. Left the theater feeling depressed. The person I went to the movies with told me she still felt depressed 24 hours later. .I love Bradley Cooper and I love Lady Gaga but I have no interest in seeing depressing movies.

This movie is absolutely stupid and predictable. Its a fantasy about nothing that happens in real life.. Lady GAGA cannot act worth anything, its just a manipulative movie to get your money.. LAME LAME LAME waste of money

Music is meh, acting is meh, thank god Bradley Cooper is somewhat decent, waste of time watching this

Shrieking, loud, interminable re-telling of a familiar story that didn't need to be re-told. This is nothing but a vanity project for Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper with terrible music.There's no need to recap the story since everyone knows it. Aside from the killing pace that drags this one on to 135 minutes, it's also notable that there's not a likable character in the film. That includes the stars, the grasping manager, the dim father, and the bizarre character played by Sam Elliott. What point was trying to be made my casting 74-year-old Elliott as 44-year-old Cooper's brother? It defies logic.The story was better told in WHAT PRICE HOLLYWOOD? (1932) starring Constance Bennett and Lowell Sherman, A STAR IS BORN (1937) starring Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, A STAR IS BORN (1954) starring Judy Garland and James Mason, and A STAR IS BORN (1976) starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson, as well as several others with the same plot.This one has inane plot points like the tribute to Roy Orbison and a one-word cameo by Alec Baldwin. And what's the point to the drag club? This was lifted from Bette Midler's THE ROSE (1979).This version is about as entertaining as an open wound scarring over. Indeed, a scar is born.

Lady Gaga is quite good, in an 'Oh, she can act as well as sing' sort of way. But she sacrifices her edginess.Bradley Cooper is one of those American actors whose name sounds like a corporate lawyer and whose performances have about as much charisma. Perhaps writing and directing as well as learning to play the guitar really badly was a bit of a strain.In the end this is no more than a 'tribute movie'; a tribute to the Streisand/Kristofferson version. The songs are mediocre, the story is laboured, and the clichés are polished and arranged in a display cabinet like glass animals.Oh for a film that takes chances.

I'm going to write this review as though I didn't know there were four previous remakes.I thought this film would really focus on a hidden talent with a beautiful soulful being discovered.This is what happens. A beautiful vulnerable open singer (gaga) who sings at a drag club is discovered singing la vie on rose by a famous singer (cooper). The chemistry between these two actors works. The opening moments are vulnerable and honest with a few cute and endearing moments. Bradley looks lovingly at her and twinkles his eyes with a wide tight grin, which he reuses over and over again in the movie. There are holes in bad editing about why the characters keep getting pulled together when you look at it frame by frame. Lady Gaga has vocal range and can rise seamless from a deep loud belt to a soft vulnerable falsetto. Her acting is great in the opening and in the second half it falls through and is incongruent with her arc and relationship but is still relatively good. The directing choices made for gaga by cooper were not good for the second half of the film. Gaga also lacks emotional depth in her eyes and facial expressions though I've seen her in interviews and She is capable of making them. The female character is not well or strongly written. Bradley coopers character and arc get really good in the second half of the film and it's a killer performance. There are a ton of cheesy cliche lines that are delivered by the actors as such. The sentimental nose thing that they do three times in the movie endearing how Bradley loves her nose is over done and forced every time it is done after the scene where she is outside her house which was done well the first time.The story is what gets me the most. I am no stranger to addiction or careers in the arts but this is a problem with Hollywood that will persist to getting oscars. A male alc addict who was drinking buddies with his dad finds a beautiful rose (Gaga) and does not want to pluck it or kill its soul because that would kill the talent. So instead he lets her be added to his performance. She is poor waitressing tables and he is a millionaire. He feels bad about killing her soul musically when she makes cheap music after her manager transforms her into something that she is not. His relationship with her is not enough to push him over the edge so the manager tells cooper he is bad for Gaga when he is finishing rehab which pushes his to commit suicide. His relationship with her and guilt wasn't enough to do that it was this strange manager who was very guilt tripping and aggressive and wasn't deeply developed enough as a character. She is untraditionally beautiful but has a beautiful soul but is coerced into making cheap music and lyrics changing everything about her appearance and dancing sexily. She has the ultimate struggle that everyone women faces but the depths of it are not seen and the focus protagonist and one we are directed to sympathize with is cooper. He is sad about how the industry takes women with soul and cheapens them to make money and she has a beautiful soul and has to sacrifice herself to "make it" but none of the emotional strides she goes through in that department are truly seen or felt. Instead she feels guilty about his addiction and he kills himself because he feels guilty for her soul dying in the sacrifices for fame because the manager pushes him to do so through guilt tripping. Gaga struggles the most with her character being a deeply profound lyricist with critical thoughts about the world having to "so easily" give up herself for stardom. The transition is not present in the direction or writing but is critical to the pathos of the story. Instead we sympathize for an rich rock star that got to write deep lyrics and sing on stage by himself while she was happy singing with her drag friends being her full self and then had to lose all of her soul and change her looks to something she was not for fame. That struggle is not even depicted in the movie or felt. And it ends up being a sympathizer movie of an alcoholic that faced way less life adversity and then committed suicide. While we know her situation financially was weak but artistically and soulfully full in the beginning and then gets flipped upside down, but we do not truly or deeply see that struggle and transformation. Coops acting at the second half was great, but a lot of the self indulgent directing took away for what this movie could have been and the depth of their relationship.

This movie is perfect, it made me cry from the beginning to the end, it deserves several Oscar's nominations. Lady Gaga is a true astist.

The movie moving so fast. Someone comes watch her singing from the first ten minutes then they walk together then suddenly loved her after walking and decided to rake her to a trip to aing with him.... all that by the first 30 mins. How come someone love the other from the second day?! Nonsense.Is it a good movie?! Yeah it is entertaining but I cant say wow or I have to recommend someone to watch it. To be realistic its kind of movies that if u watched it by accident then keep watching it. Other than that don't bother ur self watchin it.

This won't be a popular review based on the high ratings this film is receiving but I have to say it-this film is all about Bradley Cooper rather than the star Ally. 
Cooper's Maine character just eats up the scenery throughout the film; Gaga's Ally just enables him despite her hurt feelings and his destructive behavior, while she is barely given the screen time to shine.
There are a number of tropes from the previous incarnations of this film, some from '54 and many from the '76 issues of this great love story.
I warmed to the beginning of the film and Jackson's charm while courting Ally. It soon melted into too many scenes that were disjointed and all about Jack. Ally's meteoric rose was depicted in an odd way-her music morphed into much more a Lady Gaga style which seemed not to fit the character of Ally. All the while, Jackson's dive was just more of the same stumbling drunkness without truly showing how his pain affected Ally and himself.
The last 30 minutes of the film were painful to watch because I just wanted it to be over but needed to see how he dies and how she handles it. I was nonplussed. 
Finally, the last performance was lackluster and Bradley Cooper had to be all over that as well. Too much Brad, not enough Star.

Bradley Cooper's directorial debut, "A Star Is Born," is a very satisfying and well-made remake of the classic story. While it does have some flaws, the film is generally powerful and thoughtful. In the film, Cooper stars as a troubled country/rock musician who falls in love with a pop star (Lady Gaga.) Viewers will likely be thrilled by the considerable musical talent on display here, as the songs are incredibly well performed. The acting in the film is very strong, with Bradley Cooper giving a wholly convincing performance as such an ambiguous and flawed protagonist. I didn't expect Lady Gaga to be completely convincing in her role, but she did a great job with both acting as well as singing (she has several moments in the spotlight during the film's concert or other music-based moments.) Sam Elliott headlines the film's supporting cast, and he also does not disappoint either. Look for these positive qualities to absolutely be recognized during awards season this winter.While the film's music and acting are superb, some notable lapses are present over the course of the movie's 135-minute running time. The first concern with the film that I have is that it does run a bit too long, and could have easily trimmed 20 or 25 minutes off its running time without sacrificing anything of importance. The film does, from time to time, take the unfortunate route of indulging in some cheesy clichés of romantic dramas. This isn't surprising, but it's a bit unfortunate for a film that otherwise feels fairly structurally unique despite being a remake of a film that has been made multiple times before. But at the end of the day, viewers who see this film are here for strong performances and a great soundtrack. On those merits, they will certainly be rewarded, and I do recommend this film for sure. 7.5/10

I just finished watching the last half hour of this movie after watching the first part last Sunday (but had to turn it off cause it was getting too late), which is now 5 days ago. I actually almost forgot I hadn't finished it yet.. Which is not a good sign!
Honestly the acting wasn't bad or anything, Cooper, Gaga and Elliott were believable and the chemistry between Cooper and Gaga was definitely there. Only thing with Gaga was I didn't really buy her first "oh I'm an average girl on a big stage, now I'm getting shy" performance, but ok she gets away with that.
Real problem for me is the movie itself, it just didn't capture me cause the storyline was too thin and to me it just felt like they filmed a bunch of scenes and then just pasted them together. It jumped from one moment into the other! Also it annoyed me that Ally was constantly soooo understanding towards her husband. He acted like a miserable a*hole with way too much selfpitty if you'd ask me, but I only saw them arguing once. And last but not least, I'm assuming that the 'star is born' part is supposed to be about her, but in the end it basically wasn't about her reaching fame, it was mostly about his decline..

I really wanted to like this movie and was excited to see it. Unfortunately, it was a BIG let down. The story line drug on and on to the point of where it was very hard to pay attention. It felt like they were just turning Ally into a fictional version of Gaga, and I love Gaga don't get me wrong, but for this story it would have been better to avoid the pop star facade.

Just saw #ASIB prescreening. This film is going to be HUGE!

Bradley Cooper thoroughly understands the soul of an artist and what makes great art, and I think that he wanted to express that meaning in this film. For the most part he accomplished that mission.There are so many times when Stefani Germanotta or Bradley Cooper said something in a manner that made me slightly emotional. When Germanotta said simply, "you hurt me" as Cooper's character was apologizing it was just gorgeous. She didn't overplay it or try to embellish the line. It was just naked and honest, like their awesome musical performances.Cooper and the production team also know how a corporate hack will try to steer an artist away from his vision as one steered Germanotta away from her voice. I love that she regained her voice through tragedy at the end of the movie, but I hated the tragedy itself-- it seemed so forced.I understand that they wanted to remain true to the original version, so the suicide was retained, but it just seemed to throw off everything. When I was in film school so many aspiring screenwriters included suicide as part of their stories, which was obviously usually lazy writing. Our teachers admonished us for it and said that we were all intelligent students who should strive for more. It's what I felt about the ending to this movie-- it had so much potential, and it could have amounted to so much more.

The performances in this movie went above and beyond, from every cast member! Not only was the chemistry between Cooper and GaGA absolutely amazing, but every cast member seemed to play a huge role for the story! From Ally's father, to Jack's friends and family, the performances were just perfect! The best part for me, was how real they made this movie feel. We all get caught up in thinking movie stars and musicians have it easy, that we forget that they are humans as well. From witnessing what addiction can do to a person first hand, this one hit right at home for me. You can see the evolution of the characters right before your eyes. From their best days to their worst.

Lady Gaga's acting is the worst I have ever seen. She has the emotional range of a piece of plywood. She makes Kristen Stewart's acting ability look like Johnny Depps. People only praise her acting because of her SJW views. It's sad that the IMDB rating actually doesn't reflect the true quality of the film. It would've been better if someone else would've been cast in the lead role. Her acting just ruins the entire movie.

I am shocked to see all the Gaga fans rating this film months before it even came out. The film is getting a lot of hype because Gaga is in it. I'm not really a Lady Gaga fan, but I do know her music and respect her as a musician. Here is my take on the film:Bradley Cooper stole the show. I was never a fan of his until now. If anyone were to win an award from this movie, it would be him. He was so good that he made me cry. To me, the movie felt more like the Lady Gaga documentary: part 2. The film is supposed to be about a woman songwriter who never wanted to share her music to the world, and was too embarrassed because she thought she was ugly. It sounds exactly like Lady Gaga's own biography. So it was almost as if she was playing herself- No acting needed. She was not bad at all, but definitely not Oscar worthy. Bradley, on the other hand was so good, but not surprising because he was already a great actor. His directing here is stellar too. I've never seen the original so I can't compare. I'm all for remakes, reboots and sequels, but this one was made too many times. People at the movie theater today were constantly checking their phones to see what time it was. It was a good movie, but nothing extraordinary. Cooper shined and stood out to me the most, though.

The original "A Star Is Born" Is a timeless iconic classic and this a bad clichéd remake I'd recommend skipping this one. This movie was way overhyped. Collapse

Just a bad movie. The filming wasn't good, the acting was not good, the songs even weren't good. They had a few funny scenes at least, but only at the beginning. Then the movie just dragged on. The only reason I stayed till the end was because I paid, otherwise if i were at home, i would have changed movies. Bad.

The only interesting to watch is the first half hour, after that is just long boring, same history. Bradley Cooper is great, lady Gaga not so much, don't waste 2 hours of your time. Watch venom instead!

Gagas' acting is atrocious. To be fair Bradley Cooper is a convincing drunk. The storyline is dull. How is this the 4th reincarnation of this movie! I was going to watch the Streisand version but if it's like this. No no no. It goes on and on.

So I'm really struggling to understand the hype and swathe of glowing reviews for this. Yes, Lady Gaga's acting is first class, she's great, and obviously her singing is spectacular - Bradley Cooper is brave to go up against her singing, but sings characterfully enough to match; the songs are actually pretty good as well. And I always love seeing Sam Elliott.But...I just didn't find it compelling at all. Cooper sounds like he's doing a Sam Elliott impression, which is fine, but it also means he ends up just mumbling and you miss a fair bit of dialogue. The story is obviously old, but this didn't feel particularly fresh; I could tell everything that was going to happen without having seen any of the other versions. It was just "meh".

If you had told me that I would have cried at a movie starring Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga in 2018 a few years ago, I would have laughed. The two A-list stars have done something nothing short of iconic in Cooper's directorial debut in A Star Is Born. This is the fourth feature with this title, first appearing in 1937, followed by the 1954 version starring Judy Garland, and then later followed in 1976 with Barbra Streisand. Remaking a film for the fourth time's a risky move, even by mainstream Hollywood's standards. Luckily, Bradley Cooper does it perfectly, creating a film that will be talked about for decades. 
 Bradley Cooper directs himself in the lead role as Jackson Maine, a drug addicted alcoholic who happens to be a famous musician. Despite his career success, his life is haunted by his troubled past and his addictions. It comes as no surprise that our male protagonist meets a woman who changes his life. It sounds like a familiar tune (no pun intended), yet what Cooper does is different. Casting the talented and world famous Lady Gaga as Maine's partner Ally, a struggling waitress who's looking for a breakthrough into the music business, the two characters form a passionate relationship that transports both of them musically and spiritually. 
 Few first time directors are as talented as Bradley Cooper. Within the first five minutes of the film we're easily aware that this talented actor has a gifted eye for storytelling and the craft of filmmaking. The only issue with this talent of Cooper's is that it's easy to miss due to his magnificent performance. Few actors are capable of captivating audiences with such an authentic and rich character portrayal as Cooper does in A Star Is Born. He presents a man traumatized emotionally and gives us a raw, natural look at the human condition and the desire for belonging and change. 
 Bradley Cooper's performance is especially terrific due to his chemistry with Lady Gaga. The two actors complement each other beautifully, their characters and performances growing with the audience in a nuanced and artful fashion. Gaga sings better than ever in her entire career in this film, most notably in her duet with Cooper titled Shallow, which has already become a popular song before the film has even been released. It's hands down one of cinema's best original songs to date. Gaga's musical talent is contagious. Her powerful voice and unscathed emotions while performing is the stuff stars of made of. Her acting, however, may even be better than her singing. Few actors can act so naturally and impact the audience in such an effective way as Gaga does here. Expect the singer and dancer to be in more films as a serious actor. 
 The singing and acting is beautiful and terrific, yet what hits home the hardest is the fresh and powerful story. Few films allow us as viewers to care so much and relate to people who, even though might be famous musicians, we can identify with and root for to succeed and overcome their obstacles. Stories in general are there for us to connect with, which is what this film excels at marvelously. It's an unexpected gem that is simply not to be missed.

Wow what I can say.... The best movie I have seen in years. Perfectly exceuted by the wonderful Bradley Cooper, he has really thought about the subject, the way he captures the star quality, emotions and most of all the importance of mental health is just incredible... Hard to believe that this is the first movie he has directed, very talented man. Bradley and Lady Gaga display the most amazing chemistry, I can't express how perfect they were in the movie. Their voices made me cry throughout the movie, so much soul and passion, together make a phenomenal sound. I will definitely be seeing this movie over and over again and no doubt this will win an Oscar, hopefully with many awards to come too.

Ok, this isn't the normal type of film I go and see but I found almost nothing appealing about it. It dragged on and on with almost nothing happening and when Coppers character committed suicide near the end I was jealous of him for escaping watching anymore of this tat.

Sometimes weighty expectations can crush a movie before it has any chance to pop. With "A Star is Born," a moving trailer and excited murmurs from film festivals, created seemingly unreachable levels of hype. Then, somehow, it reached them.In Bradley Cooper's directorial debut, he manages to instill life and a reasonable degree of freshness into a movie that had already been made three times previously. He clearly has a knack for capturing intimacy, and he uses that skill to make a movie that it deeply personal to himself, to co-star Lady Gaga, and to the characters they portray. It's a remarkable achievement that this movie works. Cooper certainly deserves heaps of credit for his directing acumen and committed acting performance (he worked with a vocal coach for months to lower his speaking voice a whole octave). His voice is low, rumbling, and worn. He sounds like someone who has just finished coughing for four and a half days straight. It suits the character, Jackson Maine, who struggles with drinking and drug use, all while still managing to perform nearly every night in front of thousands of fans who adore his music. One night he stumbles drunk into a bar and sees Ally (Gaga) performing. She wows him with her talent and inspires him ways that we sense he hasn't felt in years. In an approach that vacillates between creepy and romantic, he woos Ally by accepting her as she is, not who she thinks others want her to be.The next night when she attends his show, he whisks her on stage to sing the song they wrote together. The crowd goes berserk and soon the two are touring the country together. As her level of fame rises, he warns her that she must dig deep into her soul to create her art or she will lose everything. They each fight their own battles, his with drugs, alcohol and demons from his past, and hers with not letting fame change her. Cooper's character has more to work with, but it's Gaga who shines brightest on screen. We're all well aware of her immense musical talent, and now we know that she's also an exceptional actor, one who could find herself seriously in award conversation later this year. She may not be the only one from this film in the award conversation. Cooper's acting and directing will rightfully garner consideration as well. He aptly handles an ambitious, emotional story that does not hold back in any way. Its lack of humility should probably cause its downfall, but that's not the case. Credit both Cooper and Gaga for pulling this off. It looks like two stars have been born.

Social media has killed any meaning at all to these ratings. The Gaga fans went crazy on A Star is Born to boost the ratings way over where they are now. Them and their buds are all giving it a 10 and many have not even seen it yet. It is actually not a bad movie. A 6 or 7 is where it is honestly. As talented musically as Gaga is an actor she is not. She just scraped by in this. A lot more experience will make her a much better actor.

Was looking forward to this given the reviews but was very let down. I can handle romantic embellishment but this went way over the line, to the point of absurd plot and character developments.Gaga can sing but lacks real charisma as an actress, and the music was not memorable or moving - with the exception of Gaga's intro piece.

The chemistry of the couple is perfect and the songs are incredibly beautiful, hopefully the roles of Gaga and Cooper have the recognition they deserve, as it is noticeable the delivery they have made to their characters, a true story of love and drama.

Wow, amazing film.
Powerful, superb acting.
Gaga is so very gifted and I've never heard anyone match Whitney until now the last song could be her.
A masterpiece and should win every award going.

I don't really think this is was such an Amazing movie. I also read in the comments here, that it is a "Masterpiece, or that it deserves an Oscar"! What? Maybe I saw a different movie, but this is so far from a Masterpiece. This is a remake, which had the chance to bring to the screen only the best of the previous versions, but it just isn't there. After 60 minutes in cinema I began to look at my watch, and that is simply a sign, that the movie has its weak parts.

The hype around the film was big but when watched it there was nothing to shout about... should been better

I admit i never saw the Original 1970's starring Barbara Streisand but this particular version fell flat. First of all I don't know what the big deal is about Lady Ga Ga's acting....it's not very good. Bradley Cooper's acting isn't bad but he is far from a favorite actor of mine. Lady Ga Ga has obviously captured many of the youth today with her singing style... but it absolutely does nothing for me! There wasn't anything i can honestly say that i enjoyed about this movie. Within 24 to 48 hours it will he History!

The film opens with Bradley Cooper's character, veteran Jackson Maine, walking onto stage, the camera close up behind as if we are following him. He is clearly distressed, his dark personal life looming over his career as a performer. It is here we are introduced to the first of many amazing songs in this film, Bradley Cooper easily holds his own in songs with Lady Gaga, and you would have no idea this is her first major acting role, her performance as she rises through the ranks of stardom is fantastic. The chemistry between the two feels raw and real, the acting, music and cinematography is superb. The final result of this tried and true formula is one of the most emotional, engaging and thought-provoking films of the past few years, this along with a perfect original soundtrack means you won't be forgetting about this one any time soon.

A whole new level of respect for Lady Gaga and Bradley. This is a movie you could never get tired of.

Lady Gaga looks right at home on the big screen and shines in her debut movie while Bradley Cooper excels in his first Directorial outing and puts in another strong performance (although I found some of his dialog a little muffled) It can be a hard watch at times touching on depression and alcoholism but it's all the better for it.

Weak remake of A Star is BornSame story just boring compared to original.Hollywoodcis running out of quality material.Too many lame remakes of tired stories.

A medodre run of the mill film, an average story propped up by a couple of songs repeated multiple times, Lady Gaga shouldn't have ended her music career in this way

Very slow and pretty sappy. Thank God Sam Elliott saved me from taking a two hour nap after I blew $20 to see this borefest.

I knew it is gonna be Awesome when i saw the trailer and it really was.2h 16m of runtime of the movie and not even for a minute i was bored.the songs are so good that i was getting goosebumps sitting in the theatre, bradley cooper's direction was phenomenol and so was his acting.lady gaga was brilliant from beginning till the end and their chemistry felt so real,so adorable.this movie is surely going for the oscars and they're probably even winning it.all I'm gonna say is this is a masterpiece, don't dare to miss it.

Slow, long and acting was poor with no chemistry between the leads. Can't understand the hype with what was one boring movie.

Incredible movie, beautiful performance by Gaga and B. form a beautiful couple, very exciting and well produced.

Movie is good, slow moving, so much so that my husband was making the snoring sound more than once. Music is good, Gaga's voice is great, as always. But for some reason I found her distracting me throughout the film. Bradley Cooper is Thee Star of this movie. Seriously unrecognizable and magnificent! I rarely if ever thought about it being him playing the role of Jackson Maine. He WAS Jackson Maine with all the pain and suffering that person holds on to. Wow! Truly set a new highbar for himself. He should win an Oscar. He is the reason to go see this movie. Also, fun to see Sam Elliott again. 
I'm 57, husband 65.

There will be a lot of resistance on how much the gaga can offer for the movies, and you may even hesitate to buy tickets to watch this movie, but when you stop being skeptical and understand that we are not talking about any artist, your mind will make your body give in, and your heart will recognize that Lady Gaga is one of the most versatile and complete of her generation working in show business, and that took years. its insertion not cinema comes not from money, but from the opportunity to prove its talent, for another portion of the public that is still from the against. This film gives us the rebirth of Bradley in the chair of director and Lady Gaga in the position of protagonist, the two stars that will make you believe in love again. and if they do not get it with you, at least it will give you good entertainment.

It is an instant classic, the highlight is on the soundtrack, the last song in the movie is breathtaking.

Exquisite film with an outstanding soundtrack, with amazing performances by Bradley Cooper, Lady Gaga and Sam Elliot.

Worst movie I've seen in years. Love Bradley Cooper but this movie seemed 8 hrs long. It would feel full length after 45mins.

...but this was just flat and uninspiring. Cooper gave us great acting and average singing, Gaga the opposite.

I am not sure why this movie is getting raving reviews. as a movie is badly written, the characters do not develop, the story is very banal and seen millions of times and the singing is too much and too cheesy (how many times can they show the 2 characters singing and not getting boring? what is this, a docufilm about a musician?). the first 30 minutes could be cut in 5min total and the last 20min are completely useless, the female character is not well written and it is badly acted. male character.. ok we got you you are drunk... anything else please? . a terrible terrible way to spend your time and money.

This is a waste of time disaster of a Movie. From beginning to end, it's filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing. Worse still, it is wasting the talents of the cast. Lady gaga is a neophyte to the concept of acting. Far from what it should be.

I got bored and had to fast forward. Nothing spectacular and Gaga's acting is not that great. One of the most boring movies I've watched. Love Brad's singing

Really annoyed at myself for spending money on renting this from AppleTV. Wanted to love this as I liked the songs and footage I'd seen. I was surprised how bad it was after all the hype. Really feel I was sucked in.
The song Shallow and the scene when they perform it was good and I like her final song but honestly- the pacing and direction and script and performances where are rubbish. GaGa looked and acted oddly. The chemistry between them did not work. The development of her career was not convincing. The ending was rushed and the relationship with the brother unclear - at various times they were mumbling away and I had not idea what they were going on about.
What a waste of time and my money!

Absolutely painful to watch. Awkward, bad acting, poor pacing, terrible music. It's just a bunch of random scenes patched together in a manic way that makes everything seem to happen way too fast. And why is Lady Gaga's character so insanely aggressive right off the bat? No chemistry between the actors. Everything just felt so fake. Another movie that people tell you that you HAVE to like even though it's terrible.

What's that ? The scenario could have been written on a beer mat, the singing and music are insipid. It drags on and on, what do people see in this film to write good reviews is beyond me. Why is Lady Gaga so successful ? Her voice is nothing special in this film her songs are syrupy with always the same screaming choruses, if this is what people like nowadays, we are lost.

I hope this is the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act

A Star Is BornCooper's humble adaptation of the infamous love saga is pure passion cutting through all the hoax of unfiltered cinema, breathing perpetually a genuine emotion. This musical drama is created in a way to be relied upon each other, so that the musical acts won't pause the ticking clock behind the screen. And clocking at around 136 minutes, it has so much to say with equally detailed version, that not only is the music a major character in here, but so is the editing (the editing was a borderline risk since it could have gone either way) in here. Cooper's awareness on each scene (and mind you, there are plenty) is what boosts this too-much-mechanical material through which he keeps the crisp alive and the audience attentive towards it.He is a real trickster as far as execution is concerned. His first act had the flamboyancy to drag the line without any essential stops but since the latter stages are mere series of various events, he shatters the entire first act into bits and pieces to keep the tone persistent. The strongest act of all has to be the background tale of Elliot and Cooper whose brotherhood conveys their entire trajectory of their character. Unfortunately, other side characters are left to be pawns where they hold on to their characteristics till the end.Cooper's portrayal of his three dimensional underdog character is jaggerdly on mark with tiny notions that he has brimmed his entire act that stays with you through his every now and then fumbles. Gaga gets to hit the last home run and she is surprisingly convincing in each frame on her portrayal of an uprising yet lost musician. The middle act of the feature is the real deal. It fiddles with emotions between these two lead characters in a way that allows you to put your shoes in both the characters and Cooper lets only the expressions speak volume at such moments.The exchange of bittersweet opinions, the electrifying attraction, outstanding music, sharp sound effects, pragmatic conversations and thoroughly competent and layered dialogues, easily gives you the anticipated chills. The ruggedness of Cooper's character and fame is somehow turned mythological and natural whilst Gaga's is left efficient and pre-planned that makes it dry and numb. And it is that weighing down of the mixture of fame and art, that Cooper wants you to hold on to. His vision is so bizarrely fascinating that it is independent of the semantics.The method isn't safe but productive. Cooper's last thoughts are narrowed down to such innocence within a snap, that it melts you down easily and not because of its manipulative nature but the peeling of the artwork that it does through hard work. Amidst all the uncouth language and darker themes projected unflinchingly in here, the relationships are immensely humble along with the lyrics in the song. A Star Is Born is the amalgamation of wider range allegory that analysis nature and emotions within a three minute song, listen to it, this isn't a familiar tune.

Nothing special! A tired story that goes on forever. Could have walked out 5 times. Acting by Lady GaGa is poor. Gratuitous sex scenes are ridiculous. Music is pretty good. Wait for it on cable.

This is the worst version of all 4 i wanted to scream during the whole thing as it is full of cliches i used to have respect for lady gaga as she can do anything as she is so talented but not this!The only thing good about this is the soundtrack most of the songs and some live gig scenes are good rest It is waste of my 2 hours and 10 minutes and i am sure this thing will get couple of the oscars as well!

Do I need say more? OK.I thought it was about the Lady Gaga's career, but instead, the movie is a disappointing attempt to show the cliche of a tragic love story with a not-that-great soundtrack. I really like Lady Gaga and most of her songs and, actually, I think she acted well in the movie. The very problem is the extremely boring plot. I did still hope that the end would be surprising, and it was: susprisingly annoying and predictable.I only watched due to the overated reviews and I have been quite frustrated.Well, there are those who like. I'm just not one of them.

Can't understand the goods reviews, this is like all the clichés brought together in a two hour music nightmare... You keep expecting for the surprise or unexpected turn of events, but it never happens... Just keeps on being boring, don't waste your time.

Famous singing star Jackson Maine (Bradley Cooper) is tired, alcoholic, and slowly losing his hearing. His older brother and manager Bobby Maine (Sam Elliott) is trying to keep him together. After a concert, he stops at a random bar to drink. It's a drag bar and he is taken with performer Ally (Lady Gaga). She's an amateur singer who is afraid to sing her own material. He pulls her out of anonymity onto center stage.At first, I was slightly annoyed with Bradley's mumbling. I figured it's his poor attempt at drunk acting. It's not until it's revealed that Sam Elliott is playing his older brother that I realized that Bradley is imitating Sam. On the other hand, Lady Gaga is perfectly cast right from the start. She has the vulnerability and quite frankly, her average looks fit the character. The biggest scene is her first time on stage. The tension remains mostly flat for the rest of the movie. Bardley's directing is functional. There is a straight forward style to the proceeding or it may be the familiarity of this often told tale. Other than a few moments, this movie doesn't shock or surprise but it is very solid.

Great 1 hour movie which gets ruined in hour 2. I don't mind sad I do mind mishandling the ending.

If you've had the opportunity to see the first version with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, the second version with Judy Garland and James Mason, and the third version with Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson, then you're more than schooled on this story. Why another version is made, I'll never know. Hollywood is losing their originality in film. This particular version was just OK for me - the usual hype and usual story. Nothing fantastic, nothing fabulous. Just another remake. Music from Streisand's version was the best for me. Gaga is too old for the part and Cooper doesn't fit the part. Can't see all the hype in this - but if you're the 20-30 year old crowd, it will hit the charts. And, if you are in that bracket, take the time to check the other versions of this story. They might surprise you. This one just does not.

I was impressed with Lady Gaga: a very talented singer, no doubts about that and up-close and personal, it's hard to look away. But - when you're that good, it's also hard to be convincing that you're shy and lack confidence, so the early part of the film just feels like you're on the conveyor in Jurassic Park, getting the biology lesson from Richard Attenborough as to the evolution of a characters' realization that they have a talent.Mr. Cooper was as ever, very accomplished; he sings, he strums, he acts, he scripts and he directs and I wish I had his 6-pack. But - his character just rolled around playing every rock n roll cliche in the book. Lady Gaga is so obviously talented, it made the difference between the characters age seem like Lady Gaga was the road-worn talent and BC was just a dude in a beard that got the girl.Better movies to watch: "That Thing You Do" has a solid story evolution and tender chemistry between Liv Tyler and Tom Everett Scott. "Music and Lyrics" has more charm with the relationship between Hugh Grant (as the old dog) and Drew Barrymore as the shy emerging talent character, and if you really want the darker side, then 'Walk the Line' did it better because there was a real story behind it and I was rooting for Reese and Joaquin to succeed, carrying an unfamiliar acting role.I would not recommend this movie for date night.

What do you have deep inside that you want to say? In Director Bradley Cooper's "A Star Is Born" his fading rock star Jackson Maine holds in his arms Lady Gaga's rising star Ally as they gaze at the billboard of her record album cover. Gravelly voiced Jack says, "Dig down into your soul... Say what you wanna say, because what you say is the stuff of angels." Director Bradley Cooper's feature debut poignantly asks what do you have to say to the world, so people want to listen. "A Star Is Born" is uncompromising in discovering one's voice in the world acknowledging the darker humanity of addiction and depression. Bradley and Lady Gaga, in her first starring movie role, are authentic and genuine: strength and frailty. Sam Elliot is eloquently powerful as Jack's older Manager brother Bobby, who loves his self-destructive baby brother. Not only did Bradley direct "A Star Is Born", he wrote the screenplay with Eric Roth and Will Fetters. He learned to sing for a year and a half. He wrote songs for the movie with Lady Gaga. On The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Lady Gaga said that she was blown away by Bradley: "He sings from his gut." As country rock star Jackson Maine, he is so convincing singing, "Maybe it's time to let the old ways die." He pops painkillers going on stage. He downs a bottle of Jack Daniels in the limo ride from his concert. Bradley embodies Jack's weary numbing suffering. Looking to get a drink, Jack drops in a dive drag bar in Los Angeles. His eyes widen listening to Lady Gaga's Ally singing a French song classic. Ally is special. Over drinks Jack discovers Ally, who works as a restaurant server, is a songwriter. He asks her why she doesn't sing her songs. Ally says that people like her songs, but not the way she looks. Lady Gaga is "unplugged" in natural brown hair, sans glam makeup. Gaga inhabits Ally's insecurities like a glove. Yet like Jack, we see her greater within. Jack tells her, "If there's one reason we're supposed to be here is to say something so people wanna hear it..." That's the beauty of "A Star Is Born": It says something we want to hear. Predictably, yet naturally Jack and Ally fall in love in their star-crossed romance. Ally's star ascends when she sings her song "Shallows" with Jack in concert. Sadly, Jack's star tragically descends in drug and alcohol addiction. Ally and Jack are truly in love: They see the greater within each other. However, love alone may not save Jack from his addictions. Bradley and Gaga are fearless compassion in the kind of poignant sadness that can heal. Director Cooper trusts his actor's humanity in stark authentic conversation. Ally cries to Jack, "You hurt me!" Jack breaks down to Ally, "I'm so sorry..." When Jack confesses to Bobby about "stealing his voice" I cried. Lady Gaga is the star. She is so fierce in Ally's vulnerability. Her singing amazes. And you never catch her "acting"; she is just being. She and Bradley don't romanticize the suffering of loving a drug addict; loving someone suffering from depression. You can only do your best. Responsibility is often a two-way street. That's the eloquent message of "A Star Is Born". Listening to Gaga's closing song moved me. Being in love is perhaps most important in life. Yet, we can't know what goes on inside another, even ones we love. "A Star Is Born" reminds us that we must also have forgiveness in our hearts. I truly loved "A Star Is Born".

Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper manage to pull off the unexpected = a brilliant remake = much better than previous movies = a worthy contender for Best Actress and best song oscars. The Venice Film Festival opener surprised everyone (myself included) with a great movie.( Most of the audience were stunned and overwhelmed = everyone had been ready to laugh and boo BUT almost noone had expected this to be so good.

Did anyone expect for Bradley Cooper to make a bad movie or put on a bad performance? Did anyone doubt just how talented Lady Gaga really is? NO! We all know that Cooper and Gaga are A-list stars and incredibly honorable with their artistic ability, so none of us should be surprised that they made a great movie. The acting is stellar the music is beautiful. This is a must see and an Oscar darling. Just imagine all the awards A Star is Born will take in. Wow!

Instead of being about about a talented and ambitious woman climbing up the stairs to fame, this movie was about a once star slowly fading away. Bradley Cooper put himself as the main character of this movie and completely emptied out the storyline. The film opens and closes with him. Also, this movie gets the top place in not having any women, except for Gaga, in it. Her best friend is a man, all her friends are men, her agent is a man, his agent is man, his best friend/driver is a man, she only has a father, no mother, and he hangs out with his male colleagues. Of course no two women ever hold a conversation. And this is not a requirement of the story line - women are out there in daily life and in the music industry. This is not the story of a bright star born- this is the story of a random girl who an older and much more powerful but broken and incompetent man, who first drags her into the spotlights, and then hurts and embarrasses her time after time with almost no objections from her side.The music and the shots were also not to my liking. The acting of Gaga leaves much to be desired. There is no chemistry between Bradley Cooper and Gaga, and the supposedly intense emotions dont transcend. I am really surprised at the formidable reviews- I guess movie critics are not trustworthy...

I guess because of the rave reviews, I went into this movie with high expectations and was, unfortunately, sorely disappointed. What a snooze fest. The guy next to me was actually snoring in the theater. The characters are very one dimensional and the storyline was honestly rather boring, disconnected and totally fell flat. I didn't enjoy watching Bradly Cooper stumble and mumble around drunk for most of it and Lady Gaga's singing talent was mostly wasted on lackluster songs. The movie lacked depth and character development so it was difficult to be emotionally invested in the characters. I didn't even care that Bradly Cooper's character killed himself. If I had to say something good about this movie, I thought Lady Gaga did an ok job for a first time acting debut and I enjoyed a few of the songs. Mostly a disappointment. Hollywood, write something original already!

Wonder how a two hour long movie that has two characters, lack character development? Lol. Look no further! Music's great! Other than that, wait for it on Netflix. 😂

Go see it and decide for yourself. Bravo!!!! Beautifuly shot as well as extremely well acted. Does the story justice and is still it's own. Amazing.

The cinematography acting and writing is absolute perfection. Its the best movie of 2018

What a chemistry, this collaboration between Gaga and Bradley is absolutely épic, i hope they both win the Oscars. The soundtrack is a masterpiece!

Simply one of those remakes that should never be attempted. Good effort and good project ... but what for? For the younger generation ?... or capitalizing on the sensitive subject of good love and feeling - that all of us follow - through the most highly commercial approach?

Gaga isn't just a very good singer, she is a very good actress too. Bradley is amazing. The best movie of 2018. Deserves an oscar and an golden globes.

Another remake of a remake. Ugh! Thought Glitter was better than this. People have undoubtedly overrated this movie based on their Lady Gaga obsession but she's definitely not Barbara. And remaking a film is one of the easiest things to direct when you just bite an actual directors style. I sincerely hope that movie going audience's skip this remake in order to send Hollywood a message to STOP ALL REMAKES.

The best thing about going to a movie that somebody has reimagined is that you know the ending so you fall asleep first and you still know how the movie ends thank you for giving me a warm place to sleep. Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper matinees are cheap. The next question is does this review contain spoilers how can it not the movies been done twice before so I avoided talking about anything other than the fact that it's been done before so somebody else could look up the spoilers.

I guess I has to be a thrill for the miss Gaga fans, but as per a movie itself it was the most predictable and boring as it could be.
No twist no thrill... No emotion... Done by the book. Good interpretation but the story and the script lacked of originality and passion.

Movie made just for the Oscars. It's just awful!
The story is not that great and lady gaga is not a good actress at all.

I am the biggest Lady Gaga fan but I just watched #AStarIsBorn and I don't know what to say. Easily the worst movie this year. I expected so much better and now I'm just disappointed.

The pattern of this film is alcoholism - forgettable song - Lady Gaga in the bath - sobriety - another song - Lady Gaga in the bath - repeat. End with obvious suicide. She was in the bathtub in 3 different scenes and finally she downgraded to lying in a shower.

Such a bland movie with such cliché elements. Gaga's performance was better than expected so thats nice.

Had heard nothing but great things about this latest 'A Star is Born' film, with even my own sister saying it was a must see. There was also the interest to see how Lady Gaga would fare in her acting debut and how Bradley Cooper would fare as first-time director. Decided to see it when taking a break from practise with nothing else better to do, going in with very high expectations, as part of my "seeing as many 2018 films as possible" quest.This is not the only, or first, 'A Star is Born' film. There is one from 1937 with Mitzi Gaynor and Fredric March, my personal favourite. There is one from 1954, the most famous, which is overlong but does contain Judy Garland's best ever performance and terrific songs (especially the heart-wrenching "The Man That Got Away"), love James Mason in it too. There is the 1976 film with Barbra Streisand, personally don't care for it but Streisand sings beautifully and "Evergreen" is to die for.As far as the versions of 'A Star is Born' goes, this one from 2018 compares extremely favourably. Not quite as good as the 1937 film, but on the same level as 1954 and better than 1976. May not love it as much as others, but the appeal is justified and the acclaim is deserved from my personal perspective. In terms of films from 2018, 'A Star is Born' is among the better ones.It's not perfect. A few story elements are a touch rushed and lack credibility, like Ally getting stage spotlight in such a short space of time, and occasionally it's a little on-the-nose like the making Ally glitzier advice from Rez.The final act also could have been tightened, slightly too padded and dragged out.What 'A Star is Born' does so well is taking a familiar story and making it still fresh and relatable. It's always entertaining and glamorous yet the love story is every bit as important, and even more so, and is both charming and emotionally impactful. Everything about 'A Star is Born' is slick, endlessly entertaining and with lots of heart and surprising poignancy, also had the experience of not a dry eye being in the auditorium with tears silently rolling with me.Visually, it's very eye catching and sumptuously made, beautifully shot with lots of glitzy glamour and style. Loved the songs, none are quite on the same level as "The Man That Got Away" and "Evergreen" but they are extremely well written, easy to remember, have a wide range of emotions, are very well sung and staged, are integrated beautifully integrated into the story, some moving the story forward or telling it through the song rather than being a grinding things to a halt distraction. "I'll Never Love Again" and "Shallow" stand out.Dialogue has wit and heart and the story shines particularly in the first third. Cannot say anything bad about the performances, with Lady Gaga providing a contender for the most surprising performances of the year in a quite outstanding acting debut (her singing is also absolutely great of course), a star is born indeed. Bradley Cooper gives one of his best performances as a charismatic and charming yet conflicted leading man, do not associate him with musicals and worried as to whether he would fit but it fits him like a glove. He too directs for the first time, and it is hard to believe that a directing job this slick and audacious was only his debut, really do disagree about his contributions being a vanity project with so much effort being put into everything. There is fine support from particularly Sam Elliott and the chemistry between the two leads is wholly believable.Altogether, very, very good and often splendid. 8/10 Bethany Cox

It's hard to choose the worst thing about the movie but perhaps editing wins the raspberry. There is a black guy and family who appear in one scene out of nowhere, are apparently long time best friends, say a few heartful words, never to appear again. Weird. Throughout you often wonder where you were, what house, what state, what universe. Gaga is not a great actress, the songs were forgettable, Gaga even seemed weak in the upper register when she sang, and the story was such a cliche. Even if you've seen the other movies this one plot-wise was weak. Just a poorly made movie.

"Maybe it's time to let the old ways die." Jackson Maine (Bradley Cooper)After three previous versions at A Star is Born, director/co-writer/star Bradley Cooper has added a version worthy of the best of them. Cooper's Jack is a charismatic rocker whose flaw is substance abuse, and Lady Gaga's singer/songwriter, Ally, is an ingenuous talent who remains innocent through all the shenanigans required to be a star, not born but made. Her opening number strutting on a bar singing La Vie en Rose clarifies why Jack fell for her immediately and why she is headed to glory. As the opening lyric might suggest, they are change agents for each other, not always in easy transitions.Although the two first movies were about Hollywood, and the dangers of stardom we all knew even in 1937 and 1954, then Streisand's (1976) and Cooper's are all music, with Cooper's superior take a lived-in rock atmosphere. In that way, Cooper's is even better than Almost Famous. Streisand and Kristoferson seem to exist for Streisand where Cooper's couple is deeply in love but not strong enough to save Jack.
Although I tire of Jack's incessant drinking, a tedium to watch after a few minutes, I accept it as the tragic element of a cliched story about the glory and the hell of the biz. Both Cooper and Gaga sing with such depth of feeling it is hard not to shed a tear at the sad outcome.The film is also strong about the challenges of that road to stardom, uncompromising as it displays the forces changing Ally from a wholesome natural singer to a manufactured pop singer and marginalize Jack for being a substance abuser and too old. The resonance today with the #MeToo emphasis on male domination is only too obvious. However, Cooper transforms Maine into a loving, not jealous lover. The times they are a'changin'.

I came to the cinema with high expectation, wait for 3 hours bcos of how excited i am to this movie. But it was so mediocre nothing special, not worth the story just fine, there's no emotion that i feel about the character, and the motivation of the events wasn't really strong..

Greetings again from the darkness. This is the 4th iteration I've seen of A STAR IS BORN. First there was writer/director William Wellman's original version in 1937 which won the Oscar for Best Original Story, had 6 other Oscar nominations (including Best Picture), and starred Janet Gaynor and Frederic March (he playing a veteran actor and she a starlet). Next came the 1954 remake with James Mason and the fabulous Judy Garland (he playing a veteran actor, she an upcoming singer/actress). Both were nominated for Oscars, and the film was directed by George Cukor (10 years later would win an Oscar for MY FAIR LADY). 1976 brought the second remake (third version), this one starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson. It won a Best Song Oscar for Paul Williams, and was directed by Frank Pierson, known best for writing the oft quoted line "What we've got here, is a failure to communicate" from COOL HAND LUKE (he also won a Best Screenplay Oscar for DOG DAY AFTERNOON). So perhaps it's understandable that 81 years after the original, Bradley Cooper chooses this familiar story for a generational update and his directorial debut.When it's announced that a new version of this story is being made, the obvious first question anyone asks is 'Who did they cast?" Many were surprised when it was learned that Bradley Cooper had cast himself, and that Lady Gaga would take on the female lead. Sure, we all know Bradley Cooper as an Oscar nominated actor from SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK (2012), AMERICAN HUSTLE (2013), and AMERICAN SNIPER (2014) ... but can he SING? And yes, many had seen Lady Gaga in TV's "American Horror Story", but could she possibly carry a major film - sans heavy make-up and gimmicky stage gadgetry?The audience reactions are in. Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga blow away the 1976 version, and where they rank versus the other two versions, comes down to personal preference. Mr. Cooper delivers an odd, yet effective, performance as the boozy, aimless rocker Jackson Maine. Not only does he mimic Sam Elliott's speaking voice and cadence, his performance seems purposefully close to that of Kristofferson from 42 years ago. The great Sam Elliott does play Cooper's (much) older brother, so the oratory choice makes some sense ... it's just a bit off-putting at first. Cooper is believable as the rocker thanks to his stage presence and charm. We never doubt Jackson Maine is a rock star.The most stunning and pleasant surprise here is Lady Gaga as Ally. For anyone who still thinks of her in terms of raw meat fashion at industry events, prepare yourself for astonishment. Her beautiful and powerful voice is on full display throughout the film. In fact, her songs and singing are the highlights of what is a terrific film that should have wide appeal. The first song she sings, "La Vie en Rose" (made famous by Edit Piaf) is quite simply jaw-dropping in its beauty.
Ally is a pretty grounded woman from humble means. She works as a waitress and sings whenever she can ... having been held back from pursuing her dreams by a well-meaning father (Andrew Dice Clay) who says she doesn't have the looks to be a star. Ally has a Carole King "Tapestry" poster on her bedroom wall, and we soon learn she could probably sing most any song from that classic album and make it her own. When Jackson and Ally meet, a complex romance and professional partnership forms. We know those rarely end well. As Jackson shuns his protective brother, battles an ever-worsening hearing issue and a self-destructive drinking problem, Ally tries to remain loyal to the man she loves ... even as her own career explodes down a path Jackson barely recognizes.In addition to the aforementioned Dice Clay (surprisingly subtle here), there is a musical duet with Marlon Williams (in the Roy Orbison tribute) and Presley Cash, and surprising supporting characters played by Dave Chappelle and Eddie Griffin. Probably not as surprising, Jon Peters is listed as a Producer on the film. If you are unfamiliar with Mr. Peters, he was once a hairstylist to celebrities and in the early 1970's fell in love with Barbra Streisand. His first credit as Producer was for her film ... you got it ... A STAR IS BORN (1976).Mr. Cooper does a nice job tackling such a large scale and familiar project for his first directing gig, and we are certainly appreciative of his avoiding inclusion of Streisand's "Evergreen", and instead showcasing the talents of Lady Gaga. It's likely Lady Gaga will receive a bit more credit for her acting than is probably deserved (an Oscar nom is possible), but her impact on the movie cannot be understated. Bradley Cooper's next project as actor/director has been announced as BERNSTEIN, where he will play the great composer Leonard Bernstein. Kudos to Cooper for dreaming big!

Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper nailed their roles, and all other cast were also great. Cooper was amazing in his directorial debut, but I found the story paced too slowly and the 136 min length too long for a simple story told many times before. It was a great production but nothing extraordinary. Would I recommend it? Yes. Would I see it again? Nope. 8/10 from me

While I liked Gaga and Cooper, the chemistry was not like Mason and Garland in that version. I have seen the other 3 prior and while they all had something to say this was a little long, and quite clearly some scenes straight out of that and 76' version. I agree with the one review, that 1954 was great, this was good! That film was heartbreaking to watch and acting deserved Oscars and the singing and songs phenomenal in the 1954 version. If Garland and Mason did not win, no way should they in this version. I did not get the intimate feeling between them and career nurturing for her
as I did in older version. But hey Hollywood loves a remake, no matter how many times! But 1976 version, Evergreen won for song. I think I will watch the Garland version again now. Hey that's Entertainment!!

A little weak, IMO. Gaga has a great voice, obviously, but not a great actress yet. Every other word from Cooper's mouth was the F word and a couple of nude looks of Gaga were too gratuitous, not necessary. 
The story of the father and brother were not fully explained. 
I still like the Streisand version better.

Jackson Maine, a rock star on a gradual downward spiral, helped by prodigious amounts of alcohol abuse, encounters Ally, an enormously talented singer and songwriter trapped in a dead-end job. By inviting her on stage with him, her star starts ascending while his decline continues. They fall in love, but there are four individuals in the relationship, the other two being alcohol and her manager.I have seen none of the previous films with this title, but the rags-to-riches vs riches-to-rags story is hardly new territory. So how does it stand up on this particular occasion?Pretty well. Bradley Cooper does well on his first outing as director: some scenes are perhaps dragged out a little longer than they need to be, but both Cooper and Lady Gaga act well. I wouldn't go so fas as to say she's a revelation, but she is pretty solid and has some moving moments.The music is well recorded and presented, with superb sound design. I can't say I cared for every song, but one or two are standouts. And both Cooper and Gaga sing well. Incidentally, Stefanie, couldn't you start using your real name now?For me, though, the best moment was a 5-second shot of Sam Elliott's face as he reversed a truck out of Jackson's driveway. I've always tended to denigrate Elliott for mumbling through his moustache, but this was 5 seconds of the best facial acting I've seen in ages.

So boring. There is no "chemistry" between the two leads - everything is so rote, so cliched and so dull. As a viewer I was not rooting for anyone, did not see any real reason for these two to be together and I found the songs utterly uninspired. As poetry, they are trite in the extreme and the music adds nothing. If anything it makes them even duller. The lyrics are clunky and barely accommodate the trudging onward of the music. The one exception is the pop song which knows what it is meant to be, does not pretend to be anything else and succeeds in its chosen genre.I am stunned at the rave reviews that go so far as to suggest that if you did not like it you are somehow emotionally lacking. No, there is a way to make romantic sparks come alive on screen and in song, this movie had NONE OF THEM.This sentence, buried in a review full of apologies for not sufficiently liking the movie, sums it up: "I just felt the lead characters were ultimately cardboard cutouts of music cliches without any nuance or originality."
(Zeba Blay and Priscilla Frank, Huffington Post, Oct 15 2018)
One can omit the "I just felt." This is why the movie cannot deliver.

Now I despise musicals. Not my cup of tea at all. I took my wife to see this and every time Gaga
sang, I got goosebumps. And Brad Cooper should consider giving up,acting and become a rock star.
Loved it.

This is by far one of the most boring movies that I've ever seen. I feel really sorry for Bradley Cooper who I adore because all of the fan girls out there are giving him such positive reviews that he's going to still write this dribble next time

So much tripe packed into barely an hour (which was when I gave up on it). The girl won't go to the rock star's concert because she's got to go to work. When she gets to work her boss tells her "You're late" so she quits her job in a huff and leaves the building (with the rocker's chauffeur conveniently waiting for her). That was annoying, but there was so much that was just boring, boring, boring. I preferred Lady Gaga in Desperately Seeking Susan and Bradley Cooper in The Big Lebowski.

I cannot believe I managed to sit through this entire movie. I nearly walked out of the theater like 10x I was so bored. So far, this is the worst movie I have seen all year (and I've seen a lot of movies released this year). Do NOT waste your money on it. If you must watch it, wait until its freely available online.Story - This movie doesn't have a story. I mean, technically it does but its easily summed up. A musician wants a drink, goes to a bar, meets a woman, sees she is a good singer, creates opportunity for her to become famous, she becomes famous, and that is it. Any and all conflicts with the potential to become interesting aren't developed, and are instead resolved within the scene it is introduced, or just a few scenes later. There is an event where the male lead does a thing (I'm not going to spoil because there are people who are delusional to think that this movie is good) and he only does it so that people who were otherwise bored will feel sympathy for that character because the thing he does is inherently sad. It was an extremely cheap move on the filmmaker's part. I hate it when boring, meandering movies with no plot are seen as good because something sad happens to some underdeveloped characters at the end. Its manipulative and annoying. I can't believe that there were people in the theater with actual tears in their eyes. They may have been tears of boredom though, I know mine were. There is no tension or anything that builds up to that event, and it is completely unearned. I know I'm repeating myself, but this movie is so unbelievably boring. Nothing of interest happens. Before I saw this movie I remember seeing all the reviews praising Lady Gaga and for some reason I thought that it was about her and not that she was playing a fictional character. Honestly a biography about Lady Gaga would've been way more interesting than this. Pretty much anything is more interesting than this. The most interesting thing about this movie is its ridiculously high rating.Characters - As I already said before, the characters are all severely underdeveloped. Its insulting to the word "character" to describe these entities as such. The acting is also pretty bad all around. Everyone mumbles their dialogue, and at times it is next to impossible to tell what they are rambling on about. There are very few scenes where the speech is actually coherent.Visuals - This movie's one strong point is its presentation. It looks pretty. There are a lot of nice shots, and the camerawork is competent. Unfortunately, there isn't anything impressive enough to save this movie.Also, a random thing I want to point out. For some reason Ally's (the female lead) isn't said until like halfway through the movie. Its kind of odd and annoying. Also the love story is super underdeveloped and rushed.Ok. That's all. This movie really sucked and I can't believe I saw it in theaters.

Spoiler alert. Worst, most disappointing film I have seen in years. Love Lady G. in concert, something she should stick to and forget about an acting career. Nothing felt right about this movie except some of the soundtrack mid-movie. The ending was depressing and gratuitous. Who besides Robin Williams dumps a mess on their loved ones like Cooper did. Save you money...

I think the movie was beautifully shot, certainly a good first from Bradley Cooper. Also very well acted, from both Cooper as Lady Gaga (although I didn't really like her character). Songs were very good as well.
The script however was a mess. Formulaic and cringy at times. You know exactly what is going to happen. I hear people are praising the first act, but the whole meeting and falling in love of these 2 people felt very forced to me. 
Like I said, I didn't like Ally's character at all. 'Oh no I don't want to perform my own songs, because people think my nose is ugly' yes you do, you perform at a bar every night. And punching the cop who asks (maybe a bit impolitely) for a picture. And the way she treats her boss. For some reason she can't have it that her boss tells her it's not okay to be late. This she takes as an excuse to quit her job and do what she wanted to do in the first place.
Jack's character was great, but there was maybe a bit too little time to really delve into it properly.
Sometimes I was very impressed by what Cooper did as a first time director such as the suicide scene, which was very subtle, but then the film ends with a tear rolling on Lady Gaga's cheek, and I'm like 'really?'.
Also: The film criticizes the music industry for turning talented singers into Lady Gaga clones.
Also: When Jack talks it's like Kris Kristofferson, but when he starts singing it sounds exactly like Bradley Cooper singing a song. It does make for a very funny moment when Sam Elliot's character cries out to Jack 'You stole my voice!'.

It's JUST alright. The high reviews of this movie show what's wrong with the world. And its ears.

This is a little overrated. Just because a movie jerks a few tears doesn't mean it's anything great. Many average films have evoked sadness, but that doesn't mean they are special. While the end was much better than what came before it, it didn't elevate it enough to raise the overall rating. I had mixed feelings about the movie:The Good- Pretty good pace (if you're not into love stories or musical type movies, it's not that hard to sit through due to the decent edits and cuts) although at times I uncharacteristically could have used longer scenes at times, by the end of the movie you have to give credit to Cooper as the director (I didn't realize he directed it as I was watching), Lady Gaga's voice is an asset to the movie, and it does evoke emotion at times.The Bad- It misses on some notes, especially early on how the formation of the relationship feels rushed and almost not believable in a way, despite some aspects of charm which were decent (the scene where Gaga hits the guy at the bar wasn't buyable and isn't that assault), unfortunately even though I appreciate actors taking risks, it's a little bit masturbatory throughout the first quarter of it with regards to Hollywood stars celebrating themselves, I thought Cooper overacted just a little bit in this with his voice that reminded me of what Tom Hardy does and despite it I never saw anybody but Cooper in the role (in other words, the staple of a great acting performance is you don't even recognize the actor anymore but even with the voice focus, it didn't make me see Cooper any less than ever), it is comparable to a long music video at many times (but it's a movie), and it was somewhat superficial at times when it could have used more depth to increase the quality (for example, the way her career was able to develop and take off was done well enough to make you invested in it, but at the same time it happened so fast and what seemed like somewhat easily, which is hard to believe with the difficulty of that industry, so by the time the final quarter of the movie arrived, I didn't feel as much as I should have felt for Ally's journey).On an end note, the film does have charm and Cooper's character's story was poignant and lead to a place that had some power. While the movie is overrated, it's not bad at all and is slightly above average. I would recommend a watch, but don't expect anything super sensational or an elite classic or anything that you would want to watch again or over and over. "Walk the Line" is a similar movie that is probably a little bit better than this one is overall.
6.8/10

I guess in this movie you can see how multi-talented bradley is, to direct such a movie with these much emotions that you can definitely feel and get touched by is not an easy thing. 
Another thing to notice is LADY GAGA ladies and gentlemen, she is a beast! An unbelievable acting performance, you can feel that there's a massive acting talent had exploded from inside of her, besides her marvelous voice that had blessed everyone listening to her music in the movie. 
Totally the movie is enjoyable and so emotional.

After watching this iteration of "A Star Is Born" (I actually had not seen any of the others previously), there's no way I could give it a ranking lower than seven stars. It's too solid of a film, featuring so many great auxiliary things happening, to go any lower. At the same time, however, there's also really no way I would rank it higher than maybe eight stars, either. To me, this was one of those movie experiences where the floor is very high, but the ceiling is relatively low.For a basic plot summary, "A Star Is Born" tells the romantic tale of Jack (Bradley Cooper) & Ally (Lady Gaga). Jack is an on-the-way-out music star with a drinking problem and a bad case of tinnitus, but when when he chances upon Ally working at a drag bar and is completely enraptured with her voice, the chemistry between the two is immediate. He needs her to keep him out of the bottle, while she needs him to stay true to herself and remember to be confident. The relationship is tested to the brink, however, when Ally's own burgeoning career takes her further and further away from Jack.Perhaps the most interesting part of this film experience for me was seeing Cooper (also the director) produce a very gritty, down-to-earth, "now-feeling" flick using a concept ripped from the glitz-and-glamour dramas of Hollywood's Golden Era. Cooper takes this simple, relatively straightforward story and perfectly adapts it for these modern times. Jack & Ally are both characters that feel very relatable to the audience, the types one could find carrying on a similar romance even outside the cinema doors. This part of the equation is done perfectly.Part of the reason why I can't quite call this film a true "great" (pulling the punch just a bit), though, is rooted in that very simplicity. I'm not going to say that every film's plot needs to be twisty or mysterious, but I will say this about "A Star Is Born": I feel like it was more a labor of "let's turn this old story into something updated/better" than anything. An emotional speech from Sam Elliott towards the end of the film really sums this up. While I respect that approach, it just isn't going to vault the movie into my film stratosphere. Hence, the 7/8 star rating is very much subjective to my own personal likings.I don't want to sell the movie short at all, though, because it does so many things right:-The music is indeed truly incredible. If you aren't listening to the soundtrack almost immediately after exiting your theater seat, you may not have a soul :)-The acting is also top-notch. Cooper's performance might be award-worthy, and Gaga is practically just playing herself (which works because she's such an interesting individual even off camera).-Never once did I find myself bored or disinterested while watching, as Cooper always infuses a sense of energy or forward motion into the proceedings. I also legitimately did not see the ending coming that was given to us.So, despite perhaps not ranking extraordinarily high on my "Best-Of" lists, there are still a lot of things I will take away from this film, most notably the music and Cooper's performance. As I said in the opener, it's a little odd to see a film with this high a floor have such a potentially low ceiling in contrast.

What to expect from a movie where the 3-time Oscar-nominated Rocket Raccon from the Guardians of the Galaxy directs one of the best singers of recent times? Gaga, who already has an Oscar nomination and already has a Golden Globe for best actress, proves that she's still very talented and surprising. Without all the makeup and weird clothes of Mother Monster, Stefani Germanotta embodies a deep and enthralling Ally. The chemistry between Gaga and Cooper is exceptional. Bradley hands to the character an incredible Jackson Maine. The soundtrack packs the tragic romance in a way that takes us straight into that story. Already in the first minutes of the movie, we're immersed and in love with the couple. Sharp photography is another highlight of the feature film. The theme song is worthy of receiving an Oscar for best original song. Academy voters will be amazed at Lady Gaga's talent as an actress. If I were to bet, I would say that A Star is Born deserves at least 6 or 7 nominations for an Oscar. Best Original Song, Best Direction, Best Picture, Best Cinematography, Best Actress, Best Actor, Best Soundtrack. Lady Gaga fits perfectly into the film, really, a star was born in fact, one way or another, it was born this way.

I think this movie is a little over rated but still a very good one. Good acting but story line has been played out in many other similar types of movies. 
If your in the mood for watching a person self distruct then it's a good movie for you.

It is watchable, but the performance of Lady gaga is poor. I don't understand why they rate it 10. Are they all paid critics? What's the point in rating if it is fake

Does anyone in Hollywood ever get feedback on their scripts? I am watching this and right away I have major problems with it.Where does it take place? One second it feels like Queens or Brooklyn (Accent Andrew Dice), then it seems like they are in Texas, then California. What? Could you establish just the basic geography first?And no subtleties at all. Could they make the characters ease in a little, or do we have to open on a raging alcoholic (Cooper)?So he leaves the concert, alone, looking for a bar, and why not a gay/drag queen bar? Because after all, that is where an alpha male country boy would enter. What? Mind you, the driver doesn't know the neighborhood, so it was randomly picked, but right after he meets Gaga, he takes her to a bar he knows. Why didn't he go there first? Because nothing makes in Hollywood for the most part. But I digress. The Gaga meeting was so movie staged. He JUST met her and they are already hand fondling and staring each other down.And the reason why she hadn't made it is because of her nose? What? Because everyone in the world thinks she is a star and an amazing singer but passed on her because she had a "bad" nose.What happens next? Gaga punches some random fan? What? Who wrote this? No one living in reality.And why is Cooper trying too much to be Kris Kristofferson?After a romantic night spent together, Gaga RUSHES out of the car.... what?Cooper tried so hard to make it "real" it became staged and phony.And then the phony "playing hard to get" by Gaga, but her body language screams YES! Did they write the script with an ax?And then we get the cliche "no, no, I don't want to go on stage," but she does eventually after 3 seconds and then the scene we have seen in a million movies: "shy at first on the mic, then belts and gets the ovation."This is so all over the place, I am not sure why people would like this? They gave ZERO reason why Gaga would fall for him. She played hard to get and then boom they were a couple. Forget that he is a raging alcoholic because that is just what this girl wanted. She usually uses a typewriter to write lyrics, because that is what girls use. What?I literally had to force myself to continue to watch a few minutes more without cringing. The story was rushed, the scenes staged, and just not believable.

My partner and I sat through the majority of the movie wishing a) it would hurry up and that b) we went to Bohemian Rhapsody instead. I'm never going to trust the critics and audience reviewers again: this movie was straight up disappointing.Lady Gaga can sing, and Bradley Cooper can act, and that's the extent of it. The plot was slow and shallow, if not predictable. Lady Gaga's character started out quite intriguing, then sold herself out to become some version of Lady Gaga herself anyway. She wasn't authentic at all (which probably summarised the music industry quite well, but her music didn't add to the soundtrack). About an hour in, I started checking my watch repeatedly ... I think I even fell asleep at one point. I haven't fallen asleep in a movie since The Revenant. I guess it's one of those movies trying so hard to be Oscar Nominated they forgot that viewers are paying to be entertained.On the way home from the cinema we tried to figure out why we hated it. Was it because there was no depth to the characters despite potential for it? Was it because Lady Gaga was trying to play Barbra Streisand (rather than, like Judy Garland and Janet Gaynor before hand... playing someone original?), was it because the music was too Lady Gaga-pop instead of ballad? I mean, we're both musical fans with differing tastes, I hated the Greatest Showman and he loved it, I loved Hairspray and he hated it (so we both have different opinions on what makes a good musical), and we bring agreed that this was Bad. Or at least Boring. It simply wasn't all it was hyped up to be.It might have been different if it was slightly faster, and it was about Jack's story. Then they could have renamed it a Star Dies or something less cliche. Anyway. Overall, 4 stars.

I enjoyed the first 45 minutes of the film. I found the way Jackson (Bradley Cooper) and Ally (Gaga) met, began their collaboration, and fell in love, to be captivating. The high point of the film was the first time they performed live together. The on-stage scenes were filmed beautifully and realistically.I found the rest of the film to be mediocre because of minimal character and plot development. Here's an example: Ally gets into a fist fight with policemen early in the film, which set an expectation that this side of her character would be elaborated later on. But - oddly - she never portrayed any form of (physical) aggression thereafter. This fist fight snippet had me waiting for scenes of jealousy and heated arguments, in response to the many challenges of being involved with a major rock star (e.g., him being on tour, late nights with band members and roadies, long-distances, infidelity, groupies etc). Ally didn't get the chance to explore and react to these kinds of experiences at all, which made me question why the fist fight scene was even shot to begin with. In relation to this, I have to ask: where were the groupies? Where were the backstage stories? How can a rock extravaganza exist without any backstage action? I just didn't find the 'context' of the relationship between a rock star and a rising star to be realistically portrayed.Another character/plot weakness included Ally's development as a musician. She started as a scruffy, unconventional, rock singer (which suited her), but then rather abruptly "sold out" to become a pop star (we got to hear horrendous songs at that point), and ended up in a posh concert hall propped up like a Celine Dion (!) I found these transitions to be bizarre, boarding on the surreal.I think Gaga was the weakest link in this film. While her role could have been 'easy' for her (she has relevant experiences to draw from after all), she struggled. To the contrary, Cooper's rock star performance was almost effortless, but still, I was expecting more complexity, more to be going on in his personal life. Apart from the references to his troubled childhood, it was as if he had been carrying no other personal baggage at the time he met Ally - how could this be? Give us an ex-wife, a child from a woman living in another country - something to show that he has... well, lived! Didn't Cooper read any rock star bios prior to this?I also didn't like the end. Jackson may have had weaknesses, he may have been a recovering alcoholic and drug addict, but I found his last move to be out-of-character. He did show quite a bit of maturity throughout the film and I thus felt that he could have "helped" Ally in a different way. The end was a classic example of cheap sentimentalism; some viewers were crying, so I guess you could call the film a tearjerker.It's an okay film that's been overrated by viewers and critics alike.

Lady Gaga can sing love her! And I love Bradley cooper but this movie to me was just ok not much storyline

Bradley Cooper, the Directors Eye you poses is a true gift my friend. The beautifully captured and measured nuance you were able to render brought me inside of the movie. For the first time since 1999 i was transported into an experience while watching a movie. You and your cast took me on a roller coaster of emotion. I believed you were Jackson. The authentic and naked delivery of Lady Gaga's performance when coming on stage with Jackson for the first time made the hair on my arms stand up it was so electrifying. The on screen chemistry was able to successfully weave a romantic tapestry that was later used to show the frayed edges that would be prayed upon. The moment in the film that is one of the most powerful i have ever seen in a movie, is the conversation between Bobby and Jackson in the driveway when he is dropping him off. I was blown away at how you and your cast were able to render such powerful and emotionally charged seconds on screen that made me have to hold back my own tears. I lived inside of that moment with Bobby and Jackson from both of their perspectives. If i had any criticisms for this movie, it would be that the initial romance happens very quickly, but because of the effective eye of director, it was pulled off successfully.Lastly, I could appreciate how you used a very diplomatic approach in addressing the shortcomings in the music industry by pruning the tree instead of chopping it down.Thank you all for a beautiful experience!VÏNTÓRY BLAKE MAGNUM MOORE

What more can i say ? Gaga gives a showstopping performance that leaves you breathless

Keep a Mumble to English, English to Mumble dictionary near, if you want to understand the vapid dialog bewtween the shallow and underdeveloped characters. If I had a dime for every F-bomb, I could get my money back for this S. L. O. W., boring, stinker full of incongruous choppy scenes, and inexplicable vignettes. Dialogue was slow, predictable and full of so much drawn out facial emotion, that it competes with the best of Kabuki theatre, where characters strike facial expressions. Music was meh, except one song: Gaga's rendition of Edith Piaf in the fun and colorful drag club!

My wife and I went today. We have seen every "A Star is Born" movie. I can't say that I dislike any of them, but I have my favorites. I didn't think they could make a better version than the Barbara Streisand and Kris Kristofferson version. I was wrong. Bradley Cooper was great, his voice surprised me. Lady Gaga has such an amazing voice and does not fail to deliver as a dramatic actress.

Two major revelations: Lady Gaga can act! And Bradley Cooper can sing. This is very much a remake of the Barbara Streisand/Kris Kristofferson version (1976) with 'country rock' songs rather than the 'Some Enchanting Evening' sound of the 1954 Judy Garland/James Mason version, which I still prefer. Funnily enough, the ending of this new movie does carry a strong echo of the Garland movie and a fainter echo of 'The Man That Got Away'.The love story works thanks to onscreen chemistry and quality performances. Gaga actually reminds me of Streisand in FUNNY GIRL: she brings that sense of a raw burgeoning talent. I'm not a fan of her singing: she has a shouty style that reminds me, not pleasantly, of Carly Simon. Bradley Cooper sings as well (and in similar voice) as Kristofferson in the 1976 version. He also directs with considerable flair and has an amazing screen presence. Not sure he'll get awards for this, but clearly his star, unlike Jackson Maine's in the movie, is rising.This is a loud, gutsy movie. I'm an old softie, I wanted more ballads.

I can only say that this movie was far better than I ever thought was possible. Bradley Cooper shines in this tale, and his dedication to this role was shown in every scene he is in. Lady Gaga broke the mold with this role, she has already cemented herself among the greats with the amazing role. The music blew me away, and the fact that the two main actors were both really singing, a trait that I believe has been lost in recent years. I have not been this emotionally involved with a film since Saving Private Ryan, I left the theater feeling moved by the film. I hope that Bradley has several more of these up his sleeve.

I just wanted to say I am genuinely blown away how amazing Lady Gaga looks in this. I have never seen Gaga without makeup and I have to say what a natural beauty. I swear in God's name she is incredible. I hope to see more of her like this. Thank you.

I was in venice and I can define this movie as hot, electrifying, and absolutely familiar, which is not bad, my big bet for this year.

I really don't understand all these high review s. It's a boring, cheesy movie. Bradley Cooper's performance is good but Gaga is really bad in a lot of scenes. And an Oscar nomination for this performance? GIVE ME A BREAK.
Not a good movie, i am surprised of all these nominations and praises. Definitely the worst of all the movies in the best picture category. No from me.

A few months back, A Star is Born film was trending everywhere I saw. And when I checked out here, the rating was high. That's why I watched this film.This is the first Lady Gaga film I've ever watched. I only watched Selena Gomez in films in the terms of singers who moved to the films. Some are great, and some aren't. Not all people can act in front of the camera just because they had courses attended, you know? It's sort of talent to make it looks natural.The story itself is good in some way, but it's still boring. For most of the films, except Blade Runner 2049, I could finish them in one sit. And whenever I have something to do in the middle of the film, I don't want to stop watching because the film got control over me. Even if I must do that something and stop watching, I always continue to watch. That is the only thing I want to do the most. So, no matter how busy I am, I always remember to continue watching. But this movie? Well, it didn't get my attention that much. When I was watching this film, of course I had to stop watching for a while and had to do something in the middle of the film. By the time I finish doing my work, I didn't even remember to continue watching this film. After some time passed, I recalled that I haven't finished the film yet. So, I continued. On three times, I could finish the film. I even said, finally!I like Lady Gaga for her songs and I'm a fan. But as an actress, I'm so sorry to say that I'm not. Her acting is terrible. (In fact, almost all actresses are bad at acting in this film.) I totally dislike her acting.The presentation of the film is normal. It needs something. Some scenes are touchable and some are terribly boring that I want to stop watching the film.The story needs to improve more. And I don't like the ending. It should continue, so, this is the one which doesn't end with proper ending. It should have continued. Therefore, it's sort of annoying.One more thing I'd like to say is that so much use of F word. I get that we're all adults and most get used to it. But exclusively use of that word is kind of making me feel uncomfortable.Overall, the story is quite simple. Because of the director's presentation, it's sort of boring. If you want to watch it, I wouldn't stop you. At least, it's worth to watch it once.

HANDS UP who told Lady Ga Ga that she could act !!!Come on, don't be shy... just say out loud.. "I admit it, I admit that she's a famous singer so we thought it would drive thousands of Lady Ga Ga fans to the cinema if we put her in our film about a poor-ikkle unknown female singer".Of course there wouldn't be any mention of Lady Ga Ga's unnecessary wearing of fur or other dead-animal products in the promo & marketing for this supercilious, wet blanket of a film... and we adults all know that none of the kids who admire her so much would let a little thing like severe lack of acting ability or animal cruelty get in the way of enjoying this cold-turkey!!!

After reading several reviews and hearing from some friends that the movie had some potential winning Oscar's performances I went to watch it and it was really disappointing. The songs are good, Lady Gaga is a good singer but that is everything. If you want to save time and money, I recommend you to listen to the mudic on YouTube.

A Star is Born was a wonderful journey to follow with its characters. Bradley Cooper gives the best performance of his career, and delivers a movie directed so well it's hard to believe this is his debut as a director. Lady Gaga was just a HAIR less impressive than Cooper, but she was unbelievably great. Every moment from the fun moments to the dark moments audiences will be glued to the screen and excited to see what happens next.
And all the music is original and incredible.
This film also takes a very real and eye opening take on addiction that feels more real and even more genuine than other films do when they contain some sort of addiction.
A Star is Born is a must see, and quite possibly my favorite movie of 2018 so far.

A Star is Born was met with a rapturous reception at its Venice Film Festival première earlier this year, and has since gone on to receive near universal critical acclaim (90% on Rotten Tomatoes at time of writing), with much speculation as to its staying-power come award season. And whilst I liked it, and found a great deal to admire, I didn't love it. At least I didn't love all of it.The fourth version of the story (the fifth if you count What Price Hollywood? (1932)), this particular version is written by Bradley Cooper, Eric Roth, and Will Fetters, and directed by Cooper, who sticks pretty close to the beats of the previous versions. Jackson Maine (Cooper) is a fading drug-addicted and alcoholic country and western singer suffering from tinnitus, who is just about being held together by his tour manager and elder brother, Bobby (an exceptional Sam Elliott). When Maine encounters Ally Campana (Lady Gaga), he's impressed by her singing abilities, inviting her to his next show. During his performance, he unexpectedly invites her on stage to sing one of her own songs, and the crowd love it. Joining him on tour, they soon they begin a romantic relationship, but as Ally's popularity grows, she is approached by Rez (Rafi Gavron), a music producer who offers her a record deal but moves her away from her pseudo-unplugged origins towards a more manufactured style of pop, Meanwhile, Maine begins to voice his disapproval, whilst increasingly indulging in drink and drug binges.To begin with what I disliked. Firstly, the first half is markedly superior to the second, which comes down to pacing issues and editing rhythm. Whereas the first half really takes its time in setting up the characters and their relationship (it's nearly an hour before the first kiss), the second half often feels rushed, offering almost a highlight reel of events spread out over many months, without really giving any of them time to breathe.Secondly, I had some problems with the character of Maine. As is the case with all previous versions of the story, although the woman is ostensibly the lead, the man's troubles are the focus of the narrative, with the template established in 1937 (or 1932) inviting the audience to pity the man more than admire the woman. But with Cooper writing, producing, directing and starring, this can come across as a little self-indulgent in ways which weren't an issue in previous versions, with the film going to some lengths to ensure we never think really badly of him despite his, at times, utterly reprehensible behaviour. Additionally, Cooper's Maine is the least convincing and wantonly self-destructive drunk of any of the four Star male leads, with only one scene where he genuinely seems to be completely hammered (although, to be fair, it's a cracking scene).Another issue, and one which I totally recognise I'm in the minority regarding, is that I found Gaga's performance a mixed bag. I hated her work in American Horror Story (2011), where I thought her sultry and seductive vampire was a mass of clichés and overacting. She's a lot better here, but still nothing spectacular, essentially doing a Barbra Streisand impression (albeit a decent one). Additionally, her performance doesn't really go any way towards showing us why this young woman would want to be with an alcoholic twice her age (apart from the fact that he's good for her career). Gaga never lets us see her fall in love with him, despite the framework being right there in the script.The gender politics are also (somewhat) troubling; firmly rooted in the 1937 (or 1932) original, Ally is controlled and manipulated by men from start to finish, and the entire story is predicated on the fact that she needs a man's help to enable her to make her breakthrough. In this sense, it might have been interesting to reverse the genders, and instead have the film tell the story of a fading, substance-abusing older woman mentoring a hungry up-and-coming young man. It would probably be automatically criticised by the type of men who downvote anything gender progressive, but it would have been an interesting modern spin on an old story.To counter that suggestion, however, and move onto what I liked about the film, it could be argued that by effectively maintaining the themes of the previous iterations of the story (and, in relation to the 1976 version, actually returning to plot points which were ill-advisedly discarded), the film is simply embracing its histrionic Classical Hollywood genesis, unapologetically retelling a traditional story in much the same manner as it was originally conceived.Which is not to say it tries nothing new, or never goes left when you expect it to go right. For example, the film never once implies that Ally's new style under Rez is any less authentic than it was under Maine's tutelage, or that his is somehow more "truthful" than hers. After she has her hair dyed, Ally looks in a mirror and says, "it doesn't even look like me", and I fully expected this to be the beginning of an arc which satirised what the industry has cost her, pointing out that the only way she could make it as an artist was by abandoning the art that meant anything to her, in favour of something synthetic. But that doesn't happen. Her new style (which becomes closer and closer to the real Lady Gaga as the film goes along) is presented as simply different from Maine's, in the way that his would have been different from those who came before him. If anything, the film presents the whole thing as a fairly organic evolution, with a lyric of what appears to be Maine's best-known song telling us, "maybe it's time to let the old ways die."Another aspect of the film which worked well is that there was genuine sexual chemistry between Cooper and Gaga. Sure, having a good script helps tremendously in this sense, but just because there is chemistry on the page, doesn't necessarily mean there'll be chemistry on the screen (think of the wet fish of a relationship that is Kit Harington and Emilia Clarke's romance on Game of Thrones (2011) - I've seen more chemistry between siblings). And although I do have some issues with the performances, the element of sexual attraction is very much there for all to see.Copper's direction is also pretty impressive, giving the rock world milieu a sense of lived-in verisimilitude - from the drugs, to the living out of limos and hotel rooms, to the whirlwind nature of it all, the film presents perhaps the most vibrantly realistic portrayal of the music industry since Almost Famous (2000). Visually, Cooper's direction is functional (more the laconic style of Clint Eastwood than the hyperkinetic style of Cooper's frequent collaborator, David O. Russell), never drawing attention to itself, and allowing instead the camera to be a fairly passive observer. For the most part, Cooper as director is invisible, which makes sense, given the nature of the story (the ominous nooses seen hanging above Maine on a billboard are a little over the top, however). He also avoids the type of clichés we usually see in this kind of story. For example, to suggest the increasing success of a character, a standard music film will undoubtedly feature either a single scene or a montage of hasty autograph signings, a scene or two of an increasingly rabid fanbase, and at least one, but usually more, chaotic press conferences. Cooper features none of these, relying instead on scenes which illustrate to us Ally's popularity in a more organic manner (for example, we know how successful she has become when she is asked to perform on Saturday Night Live (1975)).Yes, Cooper is trying to make a gritty version of one of the most glitzy show-business narratives, which might strike one as an oxymoron, but, for the most part, he strikes a fine balance between over-the-top showbiz fantasy, populated by larger-than-life characters and cartoonish histrionics, and a more grounded and intimate romance imparting universal truths about the sacrifices one may have to make for the person one loves. To cite just one example of how well he handles this dichotomy, the scenes which introduce the two leads are as far as you can imagine from razzmatazz - Maine is shown alone in a green room popping pills before staggering onto stage, and Ally is shown in a toilet cubicle breaking up with her boyfriend over the phone. These two scenes set the tone nicely, and are a credit to Cooper's directorial choices.All things considered, A Star is Born is an impressive directorial debut, and is probably the best of the four versions of the story (it's certainly better than the 1937 and 1976 versions). Signalling the advent of Lady Gaga as a leading lady, the film also marks the arrival of an interesting new directorial voice. I didn't think it was as good as a lot of critics and fans have made it out to be, finding it a little too disposable at times, but I certainly enjoyed it, and I'm looking forward to whatever it is that Cooper does next.

Firstly, I don't understand these high rates, movie was just ok- nothing inovating. Okay, it is emotional, passionate, tragic. Also, singing was great, especially seeing Bradly Cooper as a singer. But, truth to be told, it was too much of everything. Plot just twists and jumps from one thing to another. Characters future, their vision od their lives, the whole story- it was just a bunch od nothing, you simply can't figure them out, can't figure what they actually want. I just wanted movie to end as soon as possible.

For a movie that pitches us a line about how star quality for a talented musician is fated by what they can do that resonates truth by breaking the mold within "twelve octaves", it ironically falls short of it's own mantra. If your over the age of the 10, you've heard this same song over & over again. It's a tragic love story of a rock & roll musician (I think anyway, maybe country) whose sudden love affair with a young, talented unknown singer spirals out of control with booze, coke, pills fueled by the memories of a hard childhood with an achoholic father on a pecan farm in Arizona (the pecan farm stchick is about the only originally part in the movie & provided a laugh). If you want to see a much more iconic movie about this subject matter that was actually based in reality, try "Walk the Line". I am truly embrassed for all those country stars who actually lived tragic love-song lives whose stories we have heard many times before. *Side note- yes, Lady Gaga can act & sing beautifully, too bad it was the same old sappy song.

Truly the most amazing movie I've seen in a while i can't even talk about the acting or the sound tracks truly ammmazing

I was initially going to avoid watching this film since the trailer didn't appeal to me, but given all the buzz I decided to give it a chance. This movie is definitely the most over hyped and overrated film to come out this year (that I can think of). Most of the songs were slickly produced, but really simple lyrically. While there are some good character moments that feel genuine, everything pertaining to the story felt hollow. The direction was over all competent, but a fair share of it struck me as amateurish. There's an overabundance of lens flare and a lot of unnecessary camera movement, for instance. The overwhelming fantasy of the story gradually annoyed me more and more as it went on, I guess mostly because of how serious it's presenting itself, building to a climax that doesn't feel entirely earned, and somewhat inconsistent. I feel like the only way you can buy into everything that happens is because we expect the things that happen to happen, if that makes sense. Like, for example, we only buy they're falling in love with each other because that's what two characters in love stories do, despite the blatant contrivances. On top of everything, the dialogue is laughably bad in a few spots. I've seen other people point out the pacing is off, and in retrospect I'd agree, but it didn't stick out to me when I watched it. It just all felt long.The supporting cast is on point, except for the manager. Andrew Dice Clay and Sam Elliot in particular were highlights. Lady Gaga was fine playing herself with some subtle hints of subtlety, and Bradley Cooper did the best he could. Gaga has more to work with and does more with her role, but Cooper's is very one note, and is getting by on charisma alone. I will say that when it goes for being embarrassing and uncomfortable it mostly hits its mark.Anyway, this movie was prestige Oscar bait that felt twice as long as it was. I have not seen the other versions to compare it to, so maybe that colors my perception. If you're a Gaga superfan, you'll get a lot more out of it than I did.

Bradley Cooper's take on this classic fable should really have been re-titled A Star Is Dying because his film is far more focussed on the collapsing career of Jackson Maine than on the rising star of Ally... err, what's her name again? ... oh, that's right, we never learn her second name. Cooper's film reverses the focus and the dynamic of all previous versions to make this primarily a story of addiction, self-destruction and family tragedy, only slightly leavened by the lead character's new romance (albeit doomed) and his girlfriend's new stardom. Thus Cooper gives his character far more screen time than was ever granted to Frederic March, James Mason or Kris Kristofferson. Now, let's be fair: Cooper may be right; perhaps the fall from grace of a big music star is inherently more dramatic than the rise of a self-doubting singer-songwriter. Perhaps he is also a better actor than Lady Gaga will ever be, and therefore more capable of carrying a movie. Perhaps it's also just a good way of wringing a new twist on a much-told, somewhat cliched story. But even if all this is true, I still wonder why Bradley Cooper making the film all about him has attracted only good reviews and Oscar buzz. Nobody has attacked him for rampant egomania. Nobody seems to be questioning the amount of screen time he gets, or the number of juicy ("hello, Oscar voters!") close-ups. Or suggesting that even when drunk and dishevelled he is still styled, lit and shot to look better than poor Gaga, who is scrubbed of all make-up for most of the movie and often dressed in the kind of gowns bitchy brides bestow on their bridesmaids. In short, Cooper has done everything and more that Barbra Streisand was accused of with her 1976 version of A Star Is Born - yet, I would suggest, rather more egregiously, and certainly to the much greater detriment of his co-star. Even when Jackson Maine is dead and gone and Ally finally (or so you might think) has the spotlight to herself, Cooper can't resist superimposing flashback shots of Jackson in happier times over her performance. He even chooses to cut off her final notes for a silent shot of her teary face. So where the finale of Streisand's film takes grief and turns it into art, Coopers' takes art and reduces it to grief - again, making it about his character's death, not about survival and transcending tragedy through music.Cooper's egomania aside, I still found his movie less impressive than the glowing reviews led me to expect. Yes, it's well enough directed, Cooper's performance is excellent (probably Oscar-worthy), and Gaga acquits herself well. But it's no masterpiece and I seriously doubt that Gaga's performance will stand alongside Garland's or Streisand's in either film history or moviegoers' affections. She's great in the few musical moments where she is allowed to shine, but none of her musical sequences have the dramatic impact of Woman in the Moon or the With One More Look At You/Watch Closely Now finale from Streisand's movie. Nor do they come anywhere near the sublime musical heights of The Man That Got Away or the Born In A Trunk sequence from Garland's movie. I'm also inclined to think Gaga is sabotaged twice over in the film - first by the drab, make-up free, girl-next-door look she's given in the first half, then, rather more seriously, by the utterly hideous star makeover that lumbers her with an unflattering red wig that could have come from the drag bar featured early in the film. Without the make-up she's vaguely pretty if you're being generous. Post-makeover she looks like a cos-play fan at Comic Con. Even worse is the musical makeover Ally gets. Say what you like about how Streisand never meshed with the rock setting of her film, at least her musical numbers showcased her unique talent and she was thrillingly herself. Gaga, on the other hand, is required to morph into some gyrating Beyonce/J-Lo hybrid that does nothing to highlight her real and genuine talent.And here's where I have another serious issue with Cooper's film. In all previous incarnations the heroine fights against attempts to package her as something she's not. She becomes more herself through the rise to stardom. Esther Blodgett becomes Vicki Lester, but she baulks at any extreme makeover. Esther Hoffman defiantly keeps both her name and her style. Ally, in Coopers' version, submits to both a musical and personal makeover without any real protest - and with seemingly no awareness that the physical makeover makes her look ridiculous. In the final scene she's ditched the red hair, but that's the only sign she might be standing up for herself. Ally is also more submissive generally. Jackson is already pretty far gone when they meet, so she knows he's doomed. But she goes there anyway, which makes her something of a masochist and rather more of a victim. And when she's not trying to keep Jackson in line, Ally is running around cleaning up after her widowed father. There's no mention of Ally's mother, only a passing mention of Jackson's mother, but a great deal of talk about his father, and much screen time devoted to the tortured relationship with his older brother. All in all, it's a very male film, more concerned with male characters and male relationships. Ally gets a male best friend too. And the only "women" in her life are drag queens. This movie sure doesn't pass the Bechdel test. Indeed, it offers up a classic case of female erasure. So where Streisand's film is consciously feminist, with points to make about women's place in the world and in relationships, and a determination NOT to depict Esther as a victim, Cooper downplays Ally's strength and independence in favour of a narrative about men and their problems. In fact, if it weren't for the 70s fashions you could quite easily believe that Coopers movie was made in the 70s and Streisand's was made today. To that extent Streisand's movie has a sense of social purpose that Coopers' entirely lacks.In short, I'd suggest Streisand's A Star Is Born deserves to be very favourably re-assessed in the wake of Cooper's film. Yes, the Streisand film was a vanity project. But hardly more so than Cooper's. Yes, her film was flawed and compromised, and copped a lot of flak. Cooper's film is, in my view, rather more seriously flawed, yet has attracted mostly unstinting praise. It sure pays to be a man in Hollywood.

Just saw the movie. As good as advertised and better. Gaga and Cooper have crazy chemistry, these two belong together...no doubt.The cast is excellent to the last. Sam Elliott, Dave Chapelle, Andrew Dice Clay etc. No weak links here.The amazing music ties it all, and what music it is! Well worth listening again and again.As a director Cooper made it all flow soo naturally and without anything feeling forced and artificial.As for Lady Gaga, the best I can say, she is transcendental in her role. She is a revelation, even though she's already been in the public eye for a decade or so. Watching this movie is like rediscovering Lady Gaga all over again. And if there ever was any doubt about her talent and range...this movie should put all that to rest. Lady Gaga is the closest we have to a modern day Renaissance woman...I'm soo glad I saw this movie. In these dark days we are living through, "A Star Is Born" is a balm on an open wound.10 out of 10

I dare to differ from the bandwagon here. Bradley Cooper's debut as a director is okay, but nothing beyond that.This is undoubtedly an unremarkable movie, and perhaps the weakest of all ASIB remakes. The first mistake Bradley made was to remake a remake. And if he was trying to do something new, he didn't accomplish the mission.Cooper's ASIB looks and feels like a movie made for TV. Pace is absurdly slow, cinematography is as basic as it gets and the acting of both Bradley and Gaga is mediocre and I honestly cannot understand the buzz over them, especially when it comes to Gaga.I can acknowledge that she wasn't terrible as Ally but she wasn't brilliant, either. In all honesty, playing a singer with an unique nose is not something out of Gaga's comfort zone. And the basic, underwhelming plot kept Gaga locked in that comfort zone. I didn't see one single scene (not even the so much talked about bathtub scene) that made Gaga work hard or use her so-called acting skills. Everything was dramatically easy there. If there really is a brilliant actress inside Gaga, this role didn't enable her to show it to the audience.Cooper's performance is way better than Gaga's - and his character, dramatically speaking, is much harder to be played - but unfortunately, he is not getting much appraisal while Gaga is getting nominations that to me are not justified. I honestly think that people are mistaking Gaga the actress for Gaga the singer and judging her acting skills (?) based on her singing skills.Regarding the songs, by the way, the only one that is not that bad is Shallow, but any vocal coach would agree that those high notes in the chorus are definitely not Gaga's comfort zone and she shows it. She is almost screaming in the chorus and the rest of the songs are just a pop pastiche that you don't want to listen at home. And to think that the latest remake had the greatest singer alive, Barbra Streisand!Anyway, this is to me a movie that won't be remembered in the next 10 years. I am pretty sure Bradley Cooper has a lot potential as a director, but he has to keep working on that and maybe cast better actresses for his movies.

I love Bradley Cooper. But he had ZERO chemistry with Lady Gaga... I was waiting for their relationship to build like Barbra Streisand's and Kris Kristofferson's did. But it never happened. I actually started to fall asleep and the end couldn't come fast enough for me!!!! Thank goodness that's over with!

The BEST film i have ever seen. I saw this film one week ago, but still cant stop tinking. Even i am listening the song 'Shallow', all the time want to cry :). It was soooo good, so emotional, just cant explain my feelings. Done a great job, i think they got what they wanted, to reach the hearts of the people.

What's to say? Other than changing actors this version is just not worth paying to see. There is nothing to recommend it. Gaga is in over her head and not much to look at. Stick with the earlier, better versions. If you are intent on seeing this version than wait until you can watch it at home. This is only for fans--at best. Nothing new, special or redeeming.

Nothing to see here. Cooper is disappointing in all regards. I guess it was his chance to talk in a southern drunk draw, every actors dream role next to playing someone with a mental illness. Brilliant! Not. Gaga is completely underwhelming as well. I think she's just playing herself without the constumes.Coppers fake guitar work and mediocre singing with 1000s of fans cheering is almost depressing. Maybe it's time to let the ways go, Hollywood

The storyline of "A Star Is Born" is great with the story of the rise of a new star and the fall of the old one, who is her beloved alcoholic man that discovered and promoted her career. This 2018 version and fourth famous remake has the excellent Bradley Cooper not only singing but also directing and a surprising Lady Gaga in the lead role. Sam Elliott completes the magnificent cast. In addition, great screenplay, music score, cinematography and edition that make this romance one of the favorites to the Oscar. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "Nasce uma Estrela" ("A Star Is Born")

Absolutely no cinematic value, completely crap.
Such rating only because of thousands blind teenagers fans.
If you are not a fan - you only gonna waste your time and never get it back...

I think a lot of people can relate to this film making the ending so sad and emotional. I sobbed! From beginning to end I was hooked and the love story is just beautiful. A must watch and a classic has been made. Loved everything about it!

It is and will always be a great movie. The songs keep repeating themselves in my head.
It is a beautiful story of love , human emotion and tragedy. Great viewing

Bradley Cooper does a fantastic job as a first time director - the scenes are beautifully shot and the way the atmosphere is built around them, largely through sound, is very strong. Lady Gaga similarly shines in her first role as lead actor. She, of course, showcases her fantastic singing voice but also portrays her relationship with Bradley Cooper's character incredibly well.The music in the film is great throughout and, while this may come as no shock given that Lady Gaga is a seasoned musical professional, it is a pleasant surprise to see that Bradley Cooper, who reportedly took 18 months of vocal training prior to this role, really committed to the role and sang his songs himself. It must be said that he doesn't sound half bad either!The film itself explores a lot of the big issues that those in stardom, especially the music industry, often suffer from. It's sad to see that these problems have persisted through the ages as one can easily draw comparisons with modern day artists. The original film was made just over 80 years ago yet the issues presented in this remake have stayed prevalent throughout the decades. Do not be fooled by the poster that this is just an uplifting, romantic film - there is a reason it has garnered an R rating.

Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers-and falls in love with-struggling artist Ally.She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer... until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight.But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons........For a first time director, Cooper really makes it look like he's been making films for years. Maybe he got a lot of advice from Eastwood or O'Russell, but this is cinema on a grand scale.The film denotes tragedy from the very beginning, Cooper is a drug addicted alcoholic, and with the bluntest use of foreshadowing I have seen in a film in a very long time (look for the neon sign just before the car pulls into the bar where GaGa is singing) you can tell that it's not going to end well.The chemistry between the two leads is good, especially in the second act when the narcissist comes out of Maine, Ally stands by him, even though he is pointing out her fears she described in the first act, she is loyal and his rock.But the real chemistry comes with that of the Maine brothers, I really wish there were more scenes between Elliott and Cooper. They are just so believable as bickering brothers, and the scene where Elliott is pulling away from Cooper is one of the most emotional scenes I have seen this year.And Dice Clay is brilliant as Ally's father, again the chemistry between those two is paramount to the films success.It's a bonafide classic, touching in places, funny in others, but the element of despair the film has is a little to rife for me.But all in all, it's wonderful

A heartbreakingly beautiful film. Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga performances in this film were outstanding. I thought they handled addiction very well, it'll be different for everyone, but I've had people close to me battling alcohol addiction & it's never easy. Bradley played it to perfection. Spoiler coming, the scene when Cooper' character is trying to get clean & Gaga' character visits him, his 'i'm Sorry' while breaking down into tears & her handling of the 'its not your fault, it's a disease' was so touching. A heartbreaking ending, as a lot of addictions do. The soundtrack is ace & they deserve every single award they will be nominated for this film. Get out & see this.

I saw it jusy yesterday and couldn't stop crying through the whole screening.
It was so moving and emotional...
Bradley Cooper is so strong at his character portrayl and the directing is flawless!
Lady Gaga so sweet and genuine..
Their chemistery is great and it shows!
I can't believe they sang live in the movie!
It is well known that Lady Gaga is a great singer and songwriter (although here she on top!), but Bradley Cooper sings so good in the movie!
Love it most when they sing together. 💗
A perfect musical romantic drama film.
Thank you for this!!

Last song performance is heartbreaking, everybody at the movie theater cry, has to be nominated for best movie and 2 or 3 songs are Also Oscar material

I went to the Venice premiere because some frends invited me, I didn't know much about Gaga and Cooper, so I didn't expect to get so emotional about this movie. Their acting and the entire cast is very diverse and extremely talented. The soundtrack is brilliant and I can't wait to buy it when it comes out on Oct 5 so that I can hear those masterpieces again! The chemistry between Gaga and Cooper and the soundtrack are the highlighs of the movie, and the end is very strong and emotional, I literally bursted out crying. Can't wait to see this movie again!

... it is so tired it dates back to 1932. The first rendition was "What Price Hollywood" starring Constance Bennett as a woman who is looking for fame in the movies and Lowell Sherman as a director with a drinking and punctuality problem who discovers her while he still has some clout. In this version the starlet's husband is a sound citizen. The second version is from 1937 and stars Janet Gaynor in one of her last roles before her retirement as the country gal who comes to Hollywood seeking stardom. In this version it is the starlet's future husband (Fredric March) who discovers her and whose career goes downhill due to alcohol. In 1954 Judy Garland plays the actress on an uphill trajectory with James Mason as the matinee idol husband who is on a downhill slide. What is different here? Due to the actress playing the lead role, the star is made to be a great singer too so full advantage can be taken of Garland's voice. Why make a 1976 version? In this case both the woman on the rise/husband on the decline are singers exclusively. The movies have exited stage left. Also, this is the first post production code era version of the film, so you have sleeping around before marriage, graphic infidelity, drug addiction, and a close up view of the suicide scene.So now we have FOUR versions of this film. Why make a fifth? Because Hollywood is out of nerve. They want to go for the safe bet and safe buck. The plot for this fifth version is pretty close to the fourth. The differences I could see? The husband does not accidentally hit the wife during the award ceremony - if it's not PC it's not going to be in an American film. And finding the future singing sensation in a drag bar - not even in the post production code era would that have gone over in 1976. That's pretty much it. Oh, and therapists get involved in this one. Got to have therapists in these situations now, they are the priests of 21st century America. Other than that, no difference. Everybody carries themselves believably, nobody makes a fool of themself, but other than that - meh. Oh, one more thing. There is zero chemistry between the two leads - zilch, zip, nada. There was chemistry between each of the leads of all of the ones that came before it except for the 1932 film, and that was because the starlet's husband may have been a sober guy, but he was a bit of a caveman in how he treated his wife.My final verdict - for what they charge for going to the movies these days I would expect more. You want music in your film? Go see Bohemian Rhapsody. That tells a story worth telling mainly because it is a biography so the script was pretty much already written. Just my two cents.

The movie runs for more than two hours, and does not get better with time. Cooper can sing and play guitar, which may be why he had little left to act. Lady Gaga did what she normally does brilliantly, but other than a vehicle for her unique talent, the movie itself is a bore. There are much better ways to enjoy a true musical genius.

Incredibly overrated, amazing songs and voices, but what little story there is could be told in less than 90 minutes, and then perhaps it wouldn't seem so long, dull and boring.

This movie was below-average with such hype that I was left completely underwhelmed. Talks of it receiving an Oscar make me feeling like throwing up

This movie was not good. If i would rip it frame by frame i would give it an 3/10. But some things don't need to be analysed for this type of movie, that wouldn't be fair, also they didn't take away from my enjoyment so I'm not going to do that. What i want to focus on are the main problems i had. And the biggest one was the fact that this movie was a mess. They introduced way too many different plots and they didn't even bother going deep in any of them, they just mashed them together with horrible pace, scratching only the surface of each one of them. Then, when you reach the end of the movie, you feel nothing for this characters. They feel empty, distant, like they aren't real people but characters from a theatrical play. The dialogue and the choices the characters made also felt really forced and uninspired. And to add to that even the plot's weren't that original. They were just stuff you have watched before in 100 better movies. They were all over the place. It had no focus. And the reason for that, obviously, is that Bradley Cooper is an amateur in filmmaking. The camera work wasn't anything special, the atmosphere was non existent and the acting was forced and sometimes unbearable. Even the music, the thing this movie is most proud of, wasn't that great, it just felt like boring recycled stuff that gave me nothing new. It sacrificed any depth to please the masses and it lost any individuality along the way. It didn't feel personal in any way, it only felt like a product. And i didn't enjoy that at all. I don't think Bradley Cooper made this movie just for money, i know he's very passionate about it, and i wish him the best, but right now he's just a mediocre director, and this movie was a boring mess. 5/10

Enjoyed the acting, the songs, the scenes. Just everydetail

This movie was not good at all. I was not expecting much since the Kris and Barbara on is so good it just cannot be topped. I finally did watch this I was surprised at had bad it was according to the reviews on here.......... I would like to see something new instead of the same story done over and over and over.

I watched this movie with my Girlfriend after checking a very high score from imbd..but turn out this movie is boring as hell...
Me and my girlfriend couldnt wait when this movie will be ended.. first 30 mins are OK..but after that its getting dragging and Boring...I regret watching this movie.

As far as directorial debut go, cannot fault the style or cinematography and was pleasantly surprised.What lets this film down is Lady Gaga. I loved the first half of the film but from around the midway point I felt she was merely hired for her vocal to the point that I didn't care about her character as it was quite two dimensional.Bradley Cooper, on the other hand, was amazing and I wished more time was spent on him and his relationship with his brother.A few different choices for the 'second act' and it would have been a much better film. Instead I left quite disappointed considering the hype.

Bradley Cooper - Producer-Director-Writer-Star - dominates the screen, except when Lady Gaga is singing. His performance is a tour de force, surely worthy of award nomination. However, the title - now in its fourth iteration - is A Star is Born, and we don't get to see too much of that. We already know how brilliantly Lady Gaga's singing is, so that comes as no surprise. The focus needed to be on how this acknowledged songstress overcomes other obstacles. Instead, we get to see how her mentor (Cooper) unravels, no spoiler as it is obvious from the first frame of the film. Aside from singing - always glorious - Lady Gaga isn't given much to do; what there is, she acquits quite well. Cooper got the film he wanted, and he doesn't disappoint. But it deserved more.

I cannot believe the stellar reviews for this film. They must be fake. It was so bad I almost left the theatre. Watching Bradley Cooper channel Chris Kristofferson was mildly amusing but Lady Gaga is no Barbara Streisand, not even in the nose department. Someone must have bought Cooper and funded the whole, dull showcase for Gaga and Clay. The highlight of the film was the young Aussie shining Roy Orbison. Definitely the nadir of Bradley Cooper's career

It appears people either love, Love, LOVE this movie or they down right hate it. Well, I love, Love, LOVE parts of this version of A Star Is Born, but I didn't love all of it. And to be clear, the parts I didn't love, I also didn't hate them either.I thought the acting was great, there was wonderful chemistry between the leads and all the supporting actors. The emotion portrayed by all throughout the highs and lows, to me anyway, never felt forced or disingenuous, which is also why I love ×3 many parts of this film.I gave ASIB (2018) 8 out of 10 stars, because in the latter half of the film, in some of the darker and more serious of dramatic scenes, they felt a bit long, which caused their gravity and impact to feel somewhat diluted.All and all ASIB was an engaging movie, one with viseral characters trying to navigating life, love, and the side effects of fickle fame, good and bad--I smiled with the characters, and I too was moved to tears when their hearts where broken, and any movie that can achieve this is worthy of my esteem.

, but we didn't feel the chemistry between Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The story was rather disjointed too.

I never felt we got to know the characters; more importantly, they didn't get to know one another.
The progression of her career to Grammy's didn't match the time we saw them developing their relationship, which was nil after the first night they met.
I haven't seen any other reviews touch upon his tinnitus, a plot line which I was trying desperately to follow, despite mumbling dialogue between the brothers about it. Yes, the alcoholism and pills were a problem, but the tinnitus was a big part of that problem, and a separate issue, especially for a musician.
I was disturbed by the suicide and the way he did it. I can't recall how Kristofferson died, in the '76 version, but it either wasn't so stark or my young self was more accepting of melodrama.
I thought Gaga's performance was blah, nothing like the rave reviews.
I regretted the time and money spent to see this, checking my phone for the time twice, and feeling depressed walking out.

I had high expectations of this movie but was really disappointed with the poor story line. Bradley Cooper just slurred his words throughout the movie even when he was supposed to be sober. Some of the songs were good but not great in comparison to the greatest showman. And the ending made no sense at all, overall what a waste.

I had read and heard too much about the Bradley Cooper - Lady Gaga chemistry and I was already sick of it. So maybe I watched it with a little negativity to begin with but the film did nothing to redeem itself. The only way a cliched older-jaded-successful-man-young-naive-talented-girl tale can be interesting is to add some depth of emotion and dimension to their connection, a critical point that Hollywood always misses. A Star is Born missed it too. Bradley Cooper was rather too much in character as alcoholic-and-drug-addict Jack with his low raspy voice and facial water retention. His acting was off the mark probably because he was working so hard on his false voice all the time (gazing bemusedly at Ally all the time does not qualify for acting). And he certainly did not have chemistry with his leading lady. Lady Gaga did a reasonable job with her part. Neither character inspired in any way. The cliches of Jack romanticizing his alcoholic dad, fighting with doting brother, peeing & falling over on the grammy stage etc were truly cringe-worthy. As for Ally's devotion to this schmuck is derogatory to the self respect of women and doesn't fit into modern day values. On a positive note it exposed the pop music culture for what it is and it has some good music. I enjoyed most of the songs, I really loved Bradley Cooper's low false raspy voice and his singing was surprisingly good. Shallow is a lovely song. Unfortunately, this movie is just that, shallow.

Underwhelming at best.I watched the original years ago, and it's light years ahead of this film, not to mention Streisand is 10x better than Gaga.The emotional parts weren't emotional and that's coming from my wife, who cried at the Andrex Washlets adverts!

What's surprising about this second remake of "A Star Is Born" is not just the strength of Lady Gaga's performance, but the weakness of Bradley Cooper's.Even if you haven't seen any of the previous versions of this story, you'd be familiar with it: an aging, has-been star locates a young up and comer and gives her their start, ushering them on-stage as they exit stage left.This version makes the has-been not only aging but also drug-and-alcohol addled, which feels like an attempt to side step anything interesting about the other side of fame.You don't need to mess up on drugs and booze to stop being famous. That's what's so cruel about it. Fame is fickle. You can lose the interest of your audience through no real fault of your own. So why was it necessary to make Cooper into a druggie and alcoholic? Did the filmmakers not want to depict what show business really is?Cooper's character is a boring stiff. The movie only comes alive with Gaga. He speaks in a weird low groan which is maybe supposed to sound southern. The movie never, ever convinces you that he is a great artist. Gaga is so dynamic that you wonder why she had to be discovered by a loser like Cooper. It would have been much more believable if the reason why he was an alcoholic and addict was because he knew his music sucked and that he didn't deserve the fame. The movie expects you to take it for granted that he is a big star, but doesn't give you any reason to believe it.

With all the hype I'd thought Cooper made it a story that would be . . . more positive. I had a really hard time finish watching it in the theater -- too long, and SO negative. I really didn't like Cooper's character, though his performance of such a tragic, flawed human being is worthy, solid. Stefani was OK, good vocals and held her own. Music was good and concert scenes were well-shot. But I was sorry I saw it because I really don't want to see negative, dark or very-sad movies anymore.

Bradley Cooper is great. Gaga is good for being her first film. The story is very weak and predictable. There's only the struggle of both without any surprises.
You'll be happy with the acting, but expect not much more.

So booring, I left the movie in the middle, I don't like the,it is long and repeated story

Both Bradley and lady gaga did well i dont believe it would have been any better if you had different actorsThe soundtrack was rally good ,the story line was not all tahat greatGood co actors well balance movie

Without any further doubt, Bradley Cooper truly delivers a topnotch, riveting, and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks of magnificence and greatness. Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in its iteration from 1937, 1954, and 1976, the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern generation. Even its depiction of depression, addiction, mental issues as well fame are well accurately portrayed. Clearly, this film blends well with emotion, love, inspiration and sensibilities.Lady Gaga is also incredibly remarkable within this film. Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyone's minds and with her fantastic singing voice, elevates the great quality of the film. Sam Elliott has also given a memorable and exceptional performance. Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experience.Another remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as it's considered as the heart and soul of the film.This is definitely of the year's best film and will be worth remembered as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land, Moulin Rouge!, and etc.

10/10
This movie is so good on so many levels, and I know many will champion the performances, which is justified... but this is truly great movie making.
The script is so wonderfully nuanced, I can't wait to see it again to comb through all the beautiful detail. Bradly Cooper has obviously listened well to some of the great directors he's worked with, because he now is one himself. Every scene is so well thought out.
The soundtrack is the best I've ever heard in a film, I couldn't wait to buy it after I walked out of the film.
I'm sure the cast will be garnered with award after award for this, and it's well deserved.. but it's the lasting images they've created that will truly stand up over time.
This is a truly great film.. a rare treat these days. Hopefully it inspires Hollywood to attempt to make more.

The original 1937 version with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March was good, the 1954 Judy Garland and James Mason was great, and the 1976 version with Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson was worth watching, then came this next incarnation in the classic story, the first leading role for the "PokerFace" pop star, and the BAFTA and Golden Globe nominated directorial debut for actor Bradley Cooper. Basically Jackson Maine (Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe nominated Bradley Cooper) is a famous country singer privately battling alcoholism and drug addiction, he plays a concert in California ("Black Eyes"). His main support is Bobby (Oscar nominated Sam Elliott), his manager and significantly older half-brother. After the show, Jackson goes into a bar, that happens to full of drag performers, there he witnesses a performance by Ally (Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe nominated Lady Gaga), a waitress and singer-songwriter ("La Vie en rose"). Jackson is amazed by her talent, they spend the night talking, where Ally discloses to him the troubles she has faced in pursuing a professional music career. Jackson invites Ally to his next stage performance, she initially refuses, but she does attend and, with Jackson's encouragement, sings on stage with him ("Shallow"), they receive a standing ovation from the audience. Jackson invites Ally to go on tour with him, and they slowly begin to form a romantic relationship ("Maybe It's Time"), they begin to initiate sex one night, but Jackson passes out drunk. In Arizona, Ally and Jackson visit the ranch where Jackson grew up and where his father is buried, but Jackson is angered after discovering Bobby sold the land, Jackson punches Bobby, who subsequently quits as his manager. While on tour ("Always Remember Us This Way") Ally meets record producer Rez (Rafi Gavron), who offers her a contract, Jackson is visibly bothered by this, but supports her decision. Rez wants Ally to turn from country music and towards pop ("Heal Me"). Jackson misses one of her performances, after passing out drunk in public, he recovers with the help of his friend George "Noodles" Stone (Dave Chappelle), and later makes up with Ally. Afterwards, Jackson proposes to Ally with a ring made from a loop of guitar string, and they are married that same day. While Ally is performing on Saturday Night Live ("Why Did You Do That?"), Bobby reconciles with Jackson. Later, Ally is ecstatic hearing that she has been nominated for a Grammy Award, but she and Jackson fight after he drunkenly voices his disapproval of Ally's new image and music. At the Grammys, Jackson is intoxicated but just about manages to perform in a tribute to Roy Orbison, and Ally wins the Best New Artist award. Ally goes on stage to receive her award and starts her acceptance speech, Jackson follows her, he wets himself and passes out. Ally's father Lorenzo (Andrew Dice Clay) berates Jackson and Ally helps him sober up, shortly thereafter Jackson joins a drug rehabilitation program. Jackson recovers in rehab, where he discloses to his counsellor that he attempted suicide as a teenager, later he tearfully apologises to Ally for his behaviour, and returns home. Ally wishes to bring Jackson to perform with her on the European leg of her tour, when Rez refuses to allow this, she cancels the remainder of the tour, so she can care for Jackson. Rez later confronts Jackson, informing him of Ally's decision to cancel her tour and accusing him of holding Ally back. That evening, Ally lies to Jackson, and tells him that the label has cancelled her tour, so she can focus on her second album. Jackson promises that he will come to her concert that night, but after Ally leaves, he commits suicide, hanging himself in his garage. Ally becomes inconsolable after Jackson's death, Bobby visits her, he explains to her that Jackson's death was his own fault and not hers. Ally takes a song that Jackson had written but never performed and decides to sing it at a tribute concert, where she introduces herself as Ally Maine ("I'll Never Love Again"). Also starring Anthony Ramos as Ramon, Alec Baldwin, Ron Rifkin as Carl, The Terminal's Barry Shabaka Henley as Little Feet, Michael D. Roberts as Matty, Michael J. Harney as Wolfie, Rebecca Field as Gail, Heroes' Greg Grunberg as Phil (Jack's Driver), D.J. 'Shangela' Pierce as Drag Bar Emcee, Drena De Niro (Robert's daughter) as Paulette Stone, Eddie Griffin as Pastor and Bruno's Luenell as Cashier. Lady Gaga is a superb singer and acting as the aspiring singer who dreams of stardom she is also terrific, Cooper is also great as the hard-drinking country and western crooner who finds his own career dwindling, together they are a convincing loving but troubled couple. This version is closest to the 1976 version, with the story being about a young woman rising to fame and fortune as a singer (not an actress), the love story and chemistry is convincing, the songs and singing voices from the leads are fantastic, and the emotional stuff all works well, it is a splendid musical romantic drama. It won the Oscar for Best Original Song for "Shallow" (also won the Golden Globe), and it was nominated for Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Sound Mixing, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Cinematography, it won the BAFTA for Best Original Music, and it was nominated for Best Film, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Sound, and it was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Drama. Very good!

A Star Is Born tells the story of aspiring singer Ally(Lady Gaga) & famous rock/country singer Jack(Bradley Cooper). Jack has full confidence in Ally's singing prowess. However, his addiction to alcohol might hinder Ally's promising singing career. A Star Is Born is a masterpiece. It is right up there with the other recent romance/drama/musical, La La Land(2016). Bradley Cooper has outdone himself in his directorial debut, both in front of & behind the camera. The songs co-written by Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper & others are unforgettable. My personal favorite is 'Shallow' sung by Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper. Lady Gaga excels in her big screen debut, as Ally. Bradley Cooper has given us the best performance of his career, as Jack. Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga share this raw & electrifying chemistry, that is the highlight of the film. Sam Elliott is spectacular as Bobby. Andrew Dice Clay is brilliant as Lorenzo. Rafi Gavron is outstanding as Rez Gavron. Anthony Ramos is great as Ramon. The supporting cast is good. A Star Is Born is a must watch for romantic musical fans & Bradley Cooper fans. Go, believe in love all over again!

Great Film, would highly recommend this film. Lady Gaga was incredible both singing and acting! Music was live and was a very meaningful story line which hit him.

I was very excited to see the new A Star Is Born remake when I first heard that Lady Gaga was going to be in it. She and Bradley Cooper have amazing chemistry. This is a great story about the fall of one star and the rise of another. Her voice in the songs gave me chills and made me feel so emotional. Especially I'll Never Love Again. (the Oscar winner for best song this year in my opinion) She was a great choice for the role of Ally. It was almost like watching Gaga's own story on screen, rising to be a big star. Her acting is just as exceptional as her singing. Bradley is very good. Unlike anything he has ever done. You actually forget that it is him playing the part in the movie. It's as if his character Jackson Maine is a real person that we are watching on screen. And his direction was very good as well. Impressive. 
 I have seen some negative reviews by trolls on here who have no life. They just live on being negative jerks with no feelings who like to put things down. I guess it makes them happy to be the trolls they are. Pathetic. They were probably written by Marvel fans.
If this movie doesn't get multiple award nominations, I'll be very surprised. It is funny, touching, emotional and heartbreaking. Be sure to bring tissue with you when you go to see it. It will make you cry. Can't wait to see Bradley and Gaga on the red carpet.

"A Star Is Born" (2018 release; 135 min.) brings the story of Jackson "Jack" Maine and Ally. As the movie opens, Jack is hitting the stage at a massive outdoor show. After the show, he boozes up in the getaway SUV, and orders his driver to stop at a nearby bar. It happens to be the place where Ally, after her daytime kitchen job, performs regularly. That evening, she brings "La Vie En Rose", stunning Jack with her singing. He meets Ally after the show, and they hit it off... At this point we're 10 min. into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the 4th incarnation of "A Star Is Born". The previous version starring Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, from 1976, is the version I grew up with. While that movie's flaws were obvious, I nevertheless quite liked it. Now 42 years later comes this up-to-date remake. This marks the directing debut of actor Bradley Cooper, and what a debut it turns out to be! Cooper also co-produced, co-stars and co-wrote the script. Cooper's challenges/risks were formidable: would he be a credible "rock star"? More importantly, would he be a credible singer? Answer to both of those questions is a resounding YES. Even more surprising is Lady Gaga as Ally. Who knew she'd be able to give such a nuanced acting performance (obviously we already knew that she has the singing talent). The on-screen chemistry between these two leads is palpable, making the movie such much more believable. But wait! there is more! For me arguable the movie's best performance comes from Sam Elliot, as Jack's road manager (and elder brother). What a stage presence! The musical performances are generally speaking outstanding. Cooper's backup band features Lucas Nelson (son of Willie), who co-wrote most of the songs, and the Promise of the Real. It's fun recognizing some of the venues and festivals where the concert footage was filmed (I spotted both Coachella and Glastonbury, among others). The only criticism I have is that the movie, which is pretty much flawless in the first hour, is a bit overly long, in particular towards the end. But all in all, kudos to Cooper for taking on what could've been a disaster, but instead ends up being a remake of a timeless classic that is just right for this day and age."A Star Is Born" premiered at the Venice film festival in late August, to immediate and universal acclaim. The movie opened wide this past weekend. The Monday early evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was PACKED. Yes, on a Monday! I am going on record already that "A Star Is Born" not only will get multiple Oscar nominations early next year, it will in fact win the Oscar for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actress, among others. I'd readily suggest you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.

First half of the movie was great. But as soon is Ally is becoming a star, it gets bizarre...She becomes a pop star instead of a composer and the songs are not good at all. Movie is too long, and even if the end is supposed to be sad, we were just happy that it was finally finished.

Dude. Kinda boring. The music is of course excellent but the plot is scattered and Cooper's terrible performance does nothing to make us emtionally attatched to his static state. Overall would only reccomend to people in their late thirties-fifties.

One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Two stale characters, mediocre music, thin plot. How the living hell did this get nominated for an Oscar?

I found it boring slow and I just didn't care for the characters. Couldn't believe they way they met or just why he just randomly decided to hang with her. Acting was fine but was so bored.

It's really rather embarrassing that no new ideas can be found and that we then have to consider this to be even remotely moving and stunning, when that's obviously not the case. Kristoffersson and Streisand were actually capable of music making and singing, besides the character acting bit. And that, too, was a remake. Different quality though.

It was so cheesy and corny and horribly made honestly. Loved Dave Chappelle in it but the rest was just so very overrated and annoying and boring. At times it seemed like a parody of itself.

The first act was well done with great dialogue and direction. Then it bogged down, became predictable, boring and in the end, way too long. The music was mostly forgettable. One of the odd scenes was his band cranking up with wailing electric guitars and you thought it was going to take off with some hard rock song. Then Cooper started singing a ballad. And Gaga didn't impress with her acting or her singing.

I was on board with everyone thinking this movie was really good, until I watched it a second time.This move is pretty cheesy. And it's an unrealistic remake. It's a love story. And it REALLY annoys me that people comparing this to Bohemian Rhapsody. Those were rock gods, and this is an abusive love story. STOP COMPARING THE TWO.Lady Gaga is an OK actress. Why people want to make her into this amazing actress is beyond me. She an amazing music performer. But her personality to me is so...fake. She seems incredibly in-genuine and it comes off a lot in the film to me. Even her crying, it looks like they put eye drops in her eyes.Even Bradley Cooper's voice the second time around got to be...annoying. He can't sing well. And that was clear when you watched the Oscars. Lots of auto-tuning for the film.I still can't get over how Gaga was nominated for best actress! *mind blown*.Look, it's entertaining enough for the first round. The second time, it really drags out.

This was not only a remake of a particular movie by the same name, it was a remake of a lot of movies telling similar stories. It wasn't quite unwatchable, but nothing about it was particularly moving or compelling. Lady GaGa has a great voice, Bradley Cooper is good looking. We knew all that going in. Even the inestimable Sam Elliott couldn't add much to this wooden, slow moving clunker.

Cooper's voice and singing with Gaga were impressive But the story was not that great than i expected. Anybody watch this movie can imagine this typical story.
Also, I realized it was 4th remake version after watching movie.

So Ally learns nothing from Jack in the end? I thought his death would make her realize what's important.. I believe the last third of the movie was bad. Nothing made sense or made you feel any kind of emotion.. So dissapointed..

I really really wanted to love this movie, but after all the hype it just wasn't there for me. I love Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper, but the awkward moments, & cringe worthy acting at some points just wasn't doing it for me. I must say the music was fantastic. I actually enjoyed the soundtrack before I even watched the movie. Unfortunately, I grew a little bored of the movie & ended right before it finished.

It's a watchable movie, but not oscar material. There is an extreme hype for this movie which is unfounded. Gaga did an ok job acting (not oscar material), a great job singing (as expected, perhaps best song) and Bradley Cooper did a very good job acting (I'm ok with a nomination, but not winning). The move has no pace, it seems like a bunch of different takes stitched together without rhythm, and the fact it got nominated for best picture is disappointing.From a screenplay / editing perspective Gaga's rise to fame was too fast - you blink and she goes from accompanying Jack in his concerts to 3 grammys nominations. Perhaps if Cooper had been more generous with how much screen time he gave Gaga's character vs his own, this could have been addressed. In addition, I didn't connected with Jack's reasons for addiction. If Cooper had inserted a few flashbacks from Jackson and his dads relationship that would help us emphasize with the character better.I think Cooper's ego prevented this movie from being significantly better; He should have brought in someone else to direct or co-direct and focused on making a good movie for his viewers rather than to create a platform for his 1st best actor win.The movie is entertaining, especially for the songs and to see Gaga's debut in the big screen, but I would have enjoyed it probably better if it wasn't for the super hype that have been generated around it.

Saw this film with my boyfriend and to be honest we've never laughed, loved and cried at a movi before until now. Gaga was amazing an Cooper was the peak of his career. This was just perfection in a film!

I can't decide if I'm more shocked by Lady Gaga's acting abilities or Bradley Cooper's innate directorial talent.The movie is fantastic, and features some of the most moving music I've ever witnessed in a motion picture. A very powerful experience which will linger within the viewer for a long time thereafter.

While Bradley Cooper is a better actor Imo than Kris Kristofferson, Gaga is no Streisand. But I had expected that. What I did not expect was that the two would simply do imitations of Kristofferson and Streisand, badly. Complete with the large nose. I was hoping for more.Those that thought this a movie with an above 5 rating should watch the earlier movie and then re-watch this poorly imitated version and correct your mistake.

The best word to describe this film is self-indulgent. It is drawn out and self-indulgent, focusing much more on Jack's story than Allie's, which would be much more complex and interesting. Sure, there's a few good songs that will probably collect all the awards, but this film is a little more than over-the-top Oscar-bait.
Still worth it for the few genuine moments, though, especially in the first half of the film.

I didn't like this one at all. All formula, no creativity, nothing outstanding.
It took about 10 minutes in to realize where this was going. Then just disappointed and bored.
They stuck to the script with this and it makes for a painfully boaring movie.

Both Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in the soundtrack, Bradley's directional skills & Gaga's acting! I would definitely consider this to be one of those movies which you HAVE to watch. This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you to tears :)

Our movie plans for this weekend was to see another concert/musical movie that has just opened in the theaters, Bohemian Rhapsody. We grew up in that age of music and Queen was and still is one of my most favorite bands. Seeing as though movies come and go very quickly, we decided on A Star Is Born instead. Never being a real fan of Lady GaGa, but appreciating her voice, and my wife adoring Bradley Cooper, I knew this was the correct choice as soon as Cooper started singing. Lady GaGa's singing as to be expected was exquisite, but her acting was totally unexpected, it is deserved of an Oscar nod. The acting between the two was so natural. Bradley Cooper's singing was unreal. I forget the previous renditions of this movie, and that's OK. I have read everything there is to read on IMDB and any other source in order to soak up the artistry of this movie. I will see it again, this time at a theatre with an enhanced sound system, get the soundtrack and of course the DVD when it comes out. I usually don't rate movies 10. Eight or nine are my highest ratings, after all, what really rates a 10? A Star Is Born does.
Oh yea, I hope Bohemian Rhapsody is not a disappointment, but I can't foresee it being as good as this was.

The remake of this version of A Star Is Born has totally paid off and truly deserves all the positive reviews it has received. It is an absolute success and everything about the movie delivered 100%. The acting was outstanding, the soundtrack is awesome, and the movie is epic. The Soundtrack has a collection of beautiful songs from the movie that I will most certainly keep and treasure for years to come. Lady Gaga is arguably the best female singer in the music industry and has brilliant acting skills to match. Same can be said about Bradley Cooper who is phenomenal in what he does from directing to acting and now singing.
I think they will win Oscar's 2019 for: Best Leading Actress, Best Leading Actor, Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. 10/10 fantastic movie

Ok, maybe I'm slack because these type of film is very hard to intrigue the audience with a 30 second trailer. But I had 0 expectation before watching this and the only reason for the view was because this was the only one I haven't watched in the cinema. But wow when I came out of the cinema I was way too mind blown of how perfectly this was filmed and conveyed the message.Quite a number of symbolism used in the film showed real good directing skills too (for example, how Cooper tells the driver to turn right into the bar a billboard showing the hanging knot passes over his head but after that he meets the girl at the bar and his life quickly turns around. But after realising that he is stopping her from having her dream he goes back to the initially symbolised method of suicide.)I didn't even know Cooper was the director for this but oh my, he did a fantastic job directing and acting out the character that he was portraying. A pathetic mess of a human being meeting the love of his life to turn his life around but slowly sees himself decaying while his partner gets all the spotlights and when he is finally in a rehab to be healthy, just to be with his wife again, he is told and realised that he's the one stopping her.Fantastic film to watch. 10/10.

The best musical drama I have ever seen, best original song is guaranteed.

Best movie of 2018. GaGa for best actress and soundtrack. Bradley for best actor.

The script sucks, the characters are flat and boring, the story makes no sense, the acting is really bad as well (Lady Gaga plays Lady Gaga, I can't believe they are even giving her awards, it's a joke) the directing is poor, and the songs are corny and lack good lyrics which supposedly is what Gaga's character is good at (songwriting). In conclusion I have to say it's just a big crap of a movie, don't waste your time watching.

This film is the best film ever made, the acting is wonderful, Lady Gaga looks, sings and talks convincingly to the old man with the guitar, it is unparalleled in terms of casting and theme. Lady Gag-Gag Ga was born to act and sing at the same time just like she does in this, the greatest film of all time.I cried so much and I laughed even more because Lady Gaga is the greatest and funniest actor/singer to have graced the planet with their talent. The story is the best story ever written, the producer and director are the best producer and director to have ever existed. Lady Gaga is awesome she acts better than all other actors including Marlon Brando, Peter Ustinov, Alec Guinness and Orson Welles to name but a few.I put this film above such greats as Casablanca, Shawshank Refemption, Gone With The Wind, Alien, Aliens, The Great Dictator, The Godfather, National Lampoons Day At The Nuclear Waste Plant, Citizen Kanye etc... in part because I am not old enough to have seen them and in part because I LOVE LADY GAGA....As a 14 year old girl I feel qualified to say everything as the truth and if you don't like it you are just too old to understand the greatness of Ga Ga 😳

We watched this evening and were stunned by how below average the film was. Shocked given the reviews. I think we watched a different movie or the reviewers are all trying to be nice. Big fans of Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper we are but this was slow, uneventful predictable and not even with good costume design and choreography. While we are sympathetic to the creative process, this seems to us to be uncreative and marginal in every way, sad to say. So this is all show and no substance

It's not the stuff that you want, only Bradley & Sam got the stuff that you need-- lol :) but it's very underdeveloped like the rest of this story. Whitney out the gate GOLD. Costner & her GOLD! Gaga is a horrible actress and people filling her head otherwise should be ashamed! It's clear she was given alot of creative license with the entire film (setting, costumes, makeup/hair, ACTING) She didn't do anything special or have Bridget Jones, Carrie Bradshaw or Babs' charm. Gaga didn't even give Whitney-like original song performances or a deserving award winning soundtrack. The entire movie was uncomfortable because it gave no context. Her boss? They didn't show him being an ass. Her dad? The first scene with him? I love Dice, but his part was irrelevant. Chappelle and Sam should've had deeper scenes-- more intricate and extended. Choppy scenes, no plot--just a premise, no character development, scene transition, unsuccessful ad libs and BAD acting by Gaga, and failed costume design make this movie Garbage. But especially, the end! WHY would you not show what you SHOULD'VE showed!!! Definitely, not worth your money...or your time.

I heard from many people that this movie is surprisingly amazing. I hated it. The story isn't interesting at all and is developing very slow. It was so boring I didn't even remember anything from this movie the day after. characters didn't leave any strong impressions, they were very dull. I wouldn't recommend this even to my worst enemy.

I am very surprised with all the positive reviews to this movie I've read. In my opinion it is a very average movie. Good acting but boring. Predictable, some scenes hard to believe, long..

So I watched the new adaptation of a Star is Born at the theater. I walked into the film with high expectations. I'm a fan of Bradley Cooper, but the 1954 Judy Garland version of a Star is Born is one of my favorite movies. I'm happy to say this was one of the best movies of 2018 so far.The movie has a simple but rich and compelling plot. In a fairy tale like beginning a talented struggling young singer meets and falls in love with a popular musician after a chance encounter and begins her ascent into music stardom. Of course what makes the movie so compelling is that it is also a precautionary tale about stardom and the impact it has an individual. The film also masterfully combines a tragic love story with a realistic depiction of alcohol abuse and depression. The film also manages to squeeze in a condemnation on modern manufactured music pushed out just to sell records. The movie had a lot to say, what did a great job saying it.Acting wise I was very impressed with this movie. Bradley Cooper has really demonstrated his range over the years, but this was one of his most memorable performances. Of course he aptly played the role of a charismatic and popular celebrity well, but it was his human depiction of substance abuse and depression that stole the show. I should also mention that this was one of Sam Elliott's best performances in years.On top of that I was absolutely floored by Lady Gaga's performance. Of course she was competing against a high pedigree of past actresses who have also portrayed this role, but she was outstanding. She managed to play both the mild-mannered insecure struggling artist and the rising pop musician in a believable manner. At times it felt like she was really living the role instead of acting. She also had a genuine chemistry with Bradley Cooper which really helped to sell their love interest.Of course speaking of Lady Gaga I have to mention the incredible music performances in this role. I'm not normally a fan of her genre of music, but her voice was so powerful and layered it added an emotional intensity to all of her performances. The range and depth of her voice really added quite a bit to the movie. I will be very surprised if this film does not get nominated for best original song at the Oscars.It should also be mentioned that Bradley Cooper not only starred but also directed in this film. It is quite brave to take on one of the most memorable stories in Hollywood as a first-time director. Bradley Cooper all around directed the hell out of this movie. The cinematography was great, the changes to the story were perfect, and he really captured what makes this such a compelling story. I look forward to his future endeavors as a director.My only real criticism being there were a few scenes that seemed to drag on and repeat them self. The film could have been cut down by at least 15 minutes or so which would have helped to tighten the flow of the plot.Overall I absolutely loved this movie. I think it was one of the best of 2018 and is the first serious Oscar contender of the year. It not only perfectly captured what makes the story special but added an additional element to make it feel original. Highly recommended, a 9.25 out of 10.

Everything about this movie gripped me and held me tight from the opening credits and hours after the ending credits rolled. The music was mesmerizing and the cinematography was excellent. The characters were raw, absolutely believable and relatable. I cried and replayed the movie in my head and downloaded the soundtrack. ASIB better not only be nominated for Golden Globes and Oscars, but WIN!

I went into this movie with high expectations and they were just blown out of the water. Bradley Cooper puts on an Oscar worthy performance that should not cannot be ignored. He definitely put work into this character and it showed. Lady Gaga also acted masterfully and her voice was majestic. The storyline was updated to our current times which made it all the more relevant. I highly recommend this movie.

There are few films that have caused my anticipation level to reach the point of buying advance tickets and counting down the days to the premier. As soon as I saw the first trailer for this fourth, flawless and extraordinary version of a story that never gets old, I began watching everything I could... interviews, red carpet appearances, Lady Gaga music videos, and of course, I had to watch the Barbra Streisand movie again! We saw this film last night, on it's opening night in California, and it did not disappoint one bit! I do believe Lady Gaga will earn an Oscar for her performance--she deserves it! And Bradley Cooper deserves an Oscar for directing and acting as well. I absolutely love everything about the artistic choices in this movie! From the moment Ally first went on stage with Jack, I decided I had to see this movie again on the big screen. I also pre-ordered the soundtrack and was happy to have it available to play this morning. All day I have been thinking about this movie. I am so glad it was made, glad Lady Gaga was chosen, and utterly impressed with the entire cast, writing, production, and above all, the music!

The Best Movie of 2018, Gaga & Bradley made a excellent movie.

The movied allowed me to soar across the whole spectrum of human emotions. When the worlds of Jack and Ally collide, it is impossible to hold back the tears.

A story about a rising star and a faded star. And Ally an insecure artist, not confident enough with her physical attributes really fits perfectly to be played by gaga. And as a directoral debut of cooper makes it more interesting. The music really is one of the best thing that happened in the movie. I highly recommend this movie to every one else.

This story is so good that it deserves as many remakes as possible. And in this one Gaga and Bradley really show how you can integrate a classic with this present times. The soundtrack easily surpasses the greatest (The Bodyguard) "I'll Never Love Again" really takes the place of "I Will Always Love You". Bradley Cooper makes its huge debut directing this movie and he does an excellent work. Gaga proves again that she is a star in every way, not also did she wrote these amazing songs and sang them but also she is incredibly talented as an actress. People that give bad reviews really don't know who to appreciate real art. I can see this movie winning every category at the Oscars.

Best movie in this century! Give Gaga her Oscar already!

It is an heartbreaking masterpiece. It deserves to win at the Academy Awards.

Lady Gaga is talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show-stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it, she is all those things!

Wow! To say the least, A STAR IS BORN truly lives up to its hype and deserving of its rave reviews that had people talking.Bradley Cooper, in his first directorial debut, really directed the heck out of the movie and the film turned out to be pretty impressive for the actor-turned-director.Every aspect of the movie was given meticulous details and no stone was left unturned in making sure that movie was made really well.As for the performances, I was truly blown away by Cooper, of course. Taking three roles in the making of the movie (as actor, producer and director), Cooper add an extensive part in his acting role, that is as a singer. Although I'm not surprised that he could sing and play music (specifically playing the guitar), doing all those jobs was by no means an easy feat to pull off but he did all of them that ought to deserve the Academy's attention and recognition. Otherwise, the Academy is truly blind.And even more impressive was on the part of Lady Gaga. Even though this was not her first acting gig as she had made quite impressive performance in the TV series, American Horror Story. But Lady Gaga truly shone her acting chops in a leading role that demanded a lot from her.Lady Gaga stripped away her renowned celebrity status to showcase a vulnerable yet powerful role that demanded of her.All in all, I could confidently say that this new rendition of A STAR IS BORN could easily be up for Oscar consideration in the following categories:Best Motion Picture
Best in Directing - Bradley Cooper
Best Actor - Bradley Cooper
Best Actress - Lady Gaga
Best Supporting Actor - Sam Elliot
Best Cinematography
Best Editing
Best Original Song - "I'll Never Love Again" AND/OR "Shallow"In any case, it is undoubtedly that A STAR IS BORN is sure to win Best Motion Picture (Comedy or Musical) at the Golden Globes. I can guarantee on it.

A much hyped and long awaited movie that should be an instant classic in its own right! Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are magic together and bring a brilliant reboot of the classic A STAR IS BORN to the screen. The acting is outstanding and Lady Gaga proves she can act...very convincingly. Who knew that Cooper could sing, let alone write and direct? The character development is super and the soundtrack makes you think of an Oscar quality movie. Worthy of being the only film you see this year. Not just good; but damn good!

It was a long music video of bad music stitched together to what could of been a great story. Felt awkward and weird. Missed the mark and didn't have sense to it. Felt cheap and absent of too many artistic value.

In Bradley Cooper's directorial debut, we see him take on the lead role as the haggard and disturbed Rockstar, Jackson Maine. Whilst Jackson's career has begun to falter he finds inspiration in a gifted dive bar performer, Ally, played by Lady Gaga (Stephanie Germanotta). The chemistry between Cooper and Gaga is incredibly genuine, their love and admiration for one and other radiates from the screen. This adds a relatable human element to their journey, helping to engage the viewer. Which results in an engrossing journey, watching with baited breath and dizzying exhilaration, the subsequent cost that so often goes hand in hand with fame. Cooper portrays Jackson as cyclically wretched but always convincing; his complex life has taken its toll with alcoholism and hearing loss now damaging his reputation. Gaga turns in a fantastic display as a budding but unlikely waiter/performer who stumbles upon success, and with it the complexities of stardom. Gaga not only highlights her outstanding voice but also her deft acting ability. There is a refreshing emphasis on the importance of talent over superficial looks. However, Gaga's character struggles against shallow image issues from the music industry throughout.The character Ally mirrors Gaga's own rise to pop-celebrity status. Light is not always shed on this in a positive manner, with jabs at producers and a flurried celebrity lifestyle corrupting her originality. Which in turn compromises Jackson's morals, whose ardent stance causes him to slip behind in a changing world. This further drives the story as Jackson's fall reflects the rise in Ally's career. 
Despite the premise of an uplifting and heartwarming drama, A star is born is much more than that. The storyline tackles themes of addiction, loss and love. Particularly shown in Jackson's character, ever bleared eyed and slurring his words. This at times can be hard to watch as addiction is ugly, frustrating and often, it's tragic. These flaws in his life help to flesh out a memorable and thought-provoking character. The narrative doesn't shy away from the darker complexities in life culminating in some deeply moving scenes. The meaning and lyrics behind the songs bolster overarching themes in the film; such as the pursuit of happiness and the pain of loneliness in life. This is effective as it creates an authentic and approachable feel to the character's turbulent lives. Gaga's insistence on the music scenes being live thoroughly pays off, providing not only convincing shows, but scintillating ones. Combined with masterful sound design and genuine sets, the viewer is immersed and pulled in amongst the crowd. The, decision to go to venues such as Coachella and Glastonbury, and play in front of a roaring audience, brings power and realism to the screen. Cooper's singing ability and general demeanor on stage, combined with Gaga's powerful performance are levelling. The song 'shallow' is sung with particular reverence: "In all the good times, I find myself longing, for change.". It's difficult not to get goosebumps when you hear the opening riff and Gaga unleash her fantastic voice on the chorus.Expect a whole host of Oscar nominations, including Best actor/actress/song. A star is born, is a fulfilling and powerful watch that seeps with humble authenticity. An instant classic? I have no doubt about that.

As a storyline it was fine , but lady gaga's acting ruined it. She shouldn't act at all.

This is a movie it is a remake of a remake of a remake. It's terrible unless you're part of the Hollywood crowd and then I guess your fawning over it. The acting is terrible and I curse the day I lost time to this movie thanks to my other half.

There are some directorial debuts that are just fine and there are others that are complete train wrecks. Bradley Cooper knocked his debut right out of the park because this film is one of the best I've seen all year. I loved this movie and it even pulled some legitimate tears from my eyes, which is saying a lot because I've also seen the 1976 adaptation of "A Star Is Born" starring Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand; a film I also love.If you haven't seen any of the previous iterations of "A Star is Born" or don't know the plot then here is a synopsis; Jackson Maine is a drug addicted alcoholic musician with his career going on a steady decline, one night runs into a girl named Ally in a bar who is an unknown singer with the potential to really do something with her talents. From there a love starts to bloom as Jackson helps Ally start off her career while he battles his own demons of depression, regret and addiction. I have to say that this film is an emotional powerhouse. There is some real impactful human drama here that is made all the more poignant by the actors who do an incredible job.With a film like this, pretty much everything can fall apart if the romance isn't believable. Luckily with Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga in the lead roles, the chemistry is amazing between the two and one hundred percent believable in every scene. From the start of the movie it is apparent that these two people are somewhat of a mess, but in completely different ways; Cooper's character is a hardcore alcoholic that is squandering his music career away while Gaga's character lacks motivation and confidence to do anything more with her singing. However, when they find each other it's clear that they supply a lot of positivity to one another, such as Jackson finding a rekindled love for creating music and Ally finds the confidence to put herself out there. However, with those positives also comes consequences. These two actors, without a doubt, convey a truly authentic feeling love that can be seen clearly throughout the film; because of that it is easy to be charmed by their romance and route for them when things hit a down swing.Every conversation in the film feels real, I don't just mean the ones between the two romantic leads, but the entire cast. There's just something about the dialog that comes across as discussions I could picture myself or anyone having, rather than something cleaned up and manipulated to fit the Hollywood world. When Jackson and Ally are talking about music or just getting to know each other, it feels heartwarming but never cynically "cute". Or if two characters are fighting, it could have come across as melodramatic, but here it feels legitimate and relatable. Speaking of characters in conflict, Sam Elliot also plays a supporting character in the film as Jackson's older brother and Elliot is brilliant in the role. There are scenes where Elliot doesn't even have to say a word, but the performance that he gives just in his face alone says everything you need to know and it hits hard; especially in one scene in particular between Elliot and Cooper that really tugged at the heart strings, I don't want to say too much as to what is said but there is a moment of silence for Sam Elliot after Cooper leaves the scene that was really emotionally difficult to watch because of his performance. And I mean that in the best way possible.That reminds me, there's another silent moment in the film involving solely Bradley Cooper that really delivered such a strong emotional response for me. It was towards the end of the film, again, I won't say exactly what is happening but the whole scene starts with a somber tone that ramps up with suspense in anticipation as to what this character is going to do. Then with one look on Cooper's face, you understand everything that is going on in this guy's head and I couldn't help but get choked up. It was terribly difficult not to simply cry through whole scenes because of the tragedy going on in these people's lives. That's one of the great things about this movie, I forget that these are even characters, I feel like I am getting a peek into real peoples' lives. The movie really hit me right in the gut with one of its final shots involving Jackson Maine and Ally. When it got to that moment, I'm not going to lie, I shed a lot of tears...I mean...I'm a manly man, I don't feel feelings. Feelings are stupid...I need another tissue.One brilliant thing that I would like to touch on is the cinematography; as a whole it is terrific, but there is something specific that this film does that I absolutely love. Throughout the entire romance there are these really specific moments that happens between these two characters that are made to feel even more significant because when they happen it switches to Jackson's point of view. Such as when they look directly at each other for the first time, the camera switches to Jackson's point of view staring right at Ally's face. When it is their wedding day, Jackson and Ally are standing at the alter and say 'I do', the camera briefly looks right at Ally's face. And then at the end it does it again, but in a slightly different way that I won't say. For me, this was a genius way to help the audience fall for this girl and understand exactly what is going on with these characters internally. Another technique the cinematography takes is how it films Jackson when he's intoxicated or high; a lot of the time it takes a while for the camera to give a full look at Jackson's face and everything feels just slightly off kilter. I thought that was a cool way to make certain scenes feel kind of odd and even on edge, much like how it is when you're in a room alone with someone who's completely drunk and you're sober. There's just a different vibe in the room, I think anyone who's been there knows what I'm talking about.The music of this movie blew me away. I was in awe of how much character and story could be fleshed out in just a single song. But again, the actors pull it off perfectly. Whenever they have to perform on stage or they're just simply playing along together in a private setting, it is made wildly clear how these people feel and what is going through their heads. When Lady Gaga's character is somewhat coerced into singing live on stage with Jackson for the very first time, you get everything going on with her in that moment. The terror of failure, the excitement of singing to a crowd full of thousands of people, the joy in finally letting go, back to fear, back to excitement. It's a flawless performance honestly that's made even better with the use of very long takes. Instead of constantly cutting, the editing is very minimal while you get a full look at everything going on with her. Lady Gaga really was a bright spot in this already great film, I loved her in this movie and cannot wait to see what she does next.A funny little tidbit about this movie is that it has a lot of supporting cast members who are comedians; Andrew Dice Clay, Dave Chappelle, Alec Baldwin, and Eddie Griffin to name the ones that I noticed. Andrew Dice Clay plays Ally's father and he's surprisingly really solid. I've never seen him outside of comedic roles before and I've certainly liked him in those, but never in a dramatic role like this and I think that he nailed it. Dave Chappelle, while briefly in the movie, also does a fantastic job and I actually kind of wanted to see him more in the film interacting with Jackson.Overall, I think this is one of the best remakes that I have ever seen. A bold statement, I know, but this is a bold movie. It doesn't pull punches or ever feel manipulative, it's raw and heartbreaking and beautiful. I said it before, I'll say it again, I love this movie. The acting is perfect, the editing and cinematography is outstanding, and the story solid; possibly more so than any of the other adaptations quite honestly. If you're emotionally stable enough to make it through a heavy romantic tragedy then this is well worth your time. Check it out as soon as you can, if nothing but to feel something great.

Would never have thought that Lady Gaga could sing and act with such an emotional depth. Bradley Cooper has a sweet voice and is so convincing as a troubled soul. This movie had touched me and the live music is fantastic!

I can't remember the last time I expected to dislike a movie and ended up loving it to this extent. I actually had no intention of seeing 'A Star Is Born' but got invited along to it and decided to give it a chance. In exchange I was treated to 136 of the most enjoyable minutes of my life. I actually thought to myself at one point in the movie that I would be happy if this movie never ended. It was just so perfect in every way. The music sounded great, it was heart-warming, heart-breaking, inspirational and relatable in every aspect.There was so much to love about this film, but the thing that was simply the best for me was the love story between the main two characters 'Jack' and 'Ally'. I can't remember the last time I saw chemistry this good between two actors (you may have to go as far back as 'Titanic'). I didn't even recognise Lady Gaga until about the halfway part in the film when her character takes a visual transformation. Even now, knowing that it was her, I still have to ask myself was that really Gaga the entire movie? She is completely different to how I've always seen her. I can't remember a transformation this big since Heath Ledger in 'The Dark Knight'. Her acting also blew me away. She was truly incredible. Her singing was always going to be great, but it was her emotional range that blew me away. She even out-acted Bradley Cooper overall in my opinion, and that is no mean feat because he was also absolutely incredible. She unquestionably deserves the Oscar for Best Actress.Cooper has outdone himself with 'A Star Is Born'. He wrote, directed and starred in the film and did all three to an incredibly high standard. His character broke my heart. You could see in his eyes how much he loved this woman, and yet he was facing so many demons that it wasn't allowing him to be truly happy. The story arc of his character is a work of art. He is also much deserving of an Oscar win for Best Actor.If you haven't worked it out by now I absolutely loved this movie. There isn't a single fault I could come up with. If this film doesn't have you glued to the screen and drag emotion out of you then you are made of stone and film is simply not for you. I would be very surprised if this film didn't take home the Best Picture award at the Oscars. It would be an extremely worthy winner.

Before I begin, I need to admit I expected to dislike this film. As the 4th version, I expected some misconstrued attempt to make an old story new again.I was wrong.First, the actors are excellent. Bradley Cooper handles his scenes with significant competence and artistry. Lady Gaga's performance is pure genius.We have seen Lady Gaga in costume, looking glamorous when she performs a concert. We saw her bring a vampire to life in American Horror Story, looking glamorous.In "A Star is Born," we are introduced to her without the glamour, and she shared her authentic and incredible beauty with the world. She performs the role of Ally with such honesty that your heart literally aches for her to find happiness.We are fortunate to have many stellar performances in film each year. Lady Gaga's Ally is beyond that.In the 1930's Greta Garbo was cast in Camille. The 1940's gave us Mildred Pierce. The 1950's started off with Bette Davis as Margot Channing in All about Eve. Elizabeth Taylor's Martha from the 1960's is unforgettable.Joining those ranks is Lady Gaga. With subtle brilliance, she conveys emotional pain with the slightest change in her facial expression. With a single tear she conveys the tragedy of being hurt by someone you love dearly.Cooper's Jackson Main starts with the promise of being a knight in shining armor, and you soon learn he could have been, had he not been plagued with addiction. As he succumbs to his addiction, his career takes a nose dive as Ally flourishes.The jealousy Jackson experiences may sound petty, but it's really too common. Fueled by alcohol consumption his actions become more cruel.The characters are so well crafted in this film, viewers yearn for a happy ending that will never come.The use of close ups to tell this story is very well done. In the biggest crowd, Jackson and Ally are each other's world.Days after seeing the film, I still think of ways to find a happy ending. Could we get Jackson help? Could we find a way to get Ally to stay home that night?That's something that differentiates a good film from a great film. Great films stay with us after the credits roll.This is the best film I've seen years.

I was looking forward to seeing this film as I'm a fan of Bradley Cooper and an even bigger fan of the previous version of the film starring Barbra Streisand. I was surprised by a couple of people leaving the theatre sniffling from tears as it just didnt do that for me, and I've been know to shed a tear watching the flinstones.There was definitely chemistry between the characters and you really wanted them to be together; I was rooting for them. Gaga is a phenomenal singer, but an ok actress. This is where I think the film fell short for me. Given her inability to carry a film, more pressure was put on Cooper to do so, and while he did a good job, I think it lost the love story aspect for me or certainly lessened the impact.FinaIly I wish this film would've just been made without the pressure of bring a remake. Remakes are or should be better than the original in my opinion and this film fell short. (I know btw. the Streisand version was not the original but the 3rd version). Full disclosure, I watch the Streisand version at least twice a year and cry each time I watch it. But i walked into the theatre watching Cooper and Gaga with high expectations and by the time Jackson offed himself I was done, I actually watched it with disappointment as I believed it was a cop out move and was so contrite. I was literally sitting on the edge of my seat waiting to be moved and was not. Ally's scene following the death of Jacson was so empty and void of heart wrenching emotion.I did like the friendship between Dave Chappelle and Cooper and wished we could've explored that a bit further. Good movie Oscar contender not.

I didn't really like it. An interesting premise and a good story. But, it was just another musician who does drugs. It's nothing special. The actress was good.

It is hard to believe that this is Cooper's directorial debut, especially with the way he directed himself in such an empathetic character as rock star Jackson Maine. Even though Jack's addiction is affecting everyone around him, you could not resist but still care for his character. On the other hand, a movie star is literally born with Lady Gaga as Ally. Although her character was relatively underwritten compared to Jack, Gaga does the most of the character's rawness and authenticity. Gaga transcends the most in her musical numbers, specifically in "I'll Never Love Again."Cooper and Gaga's chemistry in this film is the most genuine I've seen in a romantic movie in a while. Their relationship felt so intimate and deep that I felt like I was intruding in their personal space. The supporting cast shines as well, with comedians Dave Chapelle and Andrew Dice Clay providing an effective dramatic turn, and Sam Elliott's poignant performance proving to be so impactful given the limited screen time he got.Cinematographer Matthew Libatique used a striking, saturated colors in a variety of shots, and his unique choice of filming the dialogues and musical scenes close to the actors situated the viewers in that same spot where the actor is. The music narrates the story of the characters well, and the songs hark back to 1990s Hollywood when ballads elevated the film. The songs in "A Star Is Born" are ready to be considered as classics.The pacing and writing issues sometimes made the film feel both too long and too rushed. That said, this is a screenplay that almost avoids every cliché in this story. Even if this is a story that was told a number of times, Cooper managed to give a fresh and effective take on it.

A story full of pain , hope , love , addiction and fame . 
Really I hadn't seen such great performance by Bradely cooper and really a great debut as a director .
Lady gaga have impressed me with her performance . Every scene with Bradely she really made us feel like she is really in love not just acting . The way she performs , looks at him , listen to him , everything even during his downs . She was really mastering every scene and specially in her last scene. 
I really enjoyed the movie , laugh and cry from my heart. 
Thanks to all who worked on that movie . 
Really thinks this should be nominated for the Oscar.

Utterly confused by all the rave reviews on here. This was an absolutely average film at best that was quite awkward to watch at times, lady gagas duck lips and Bradley Coopers strange accent that kept changing! The singing became tidious and it dragged on and on.

The movie is good for about 45 minutes. The second half is very boring and over-dramatic. It was agonizing to sit through. Should have seen Bohemian Rhapsody but my lady wanted to see this. She also thought it sucked!! Sad to see Gaga waste her time on this I really like her.

The hype around this remake is worth it. It delivers. Bradley and Gaga are both brilliant in both their acting and singing. The story line was addictive and couldn't look away through the whole 2 1/2 hours.

If this don't get awards then we know the system is broken. lady gaga is a singer who knocks it out of the park with her acting. cooper is an actor who knocks it out of the park acting. it makes you laugh and cry and buy the soundtrack. too much cussing for my taste but overall great, great, great!

As it is plainly visible from the homepage on this site for the new film, A Star is Born, there are so many user and critic's reviews for this new movie, that I can safely say that I can't say anything that hasn't already been said, or written about it, but in my effort to try and review most of the new films I see at the theatre, I will certainly try my best to do a worthwhile review, even if the majority of the people who usually read these reviews have had enough reviews of this new film already. As, I think it is also pretty clear, this new version of this story is nothing new as it has been made already three times and I also have to be honest and admit that I have never to this day seen any of the other versions, so how closely this new film follows them, or if they have a certain sequence, or story arc between them I do not know, but from what I understand, writer/director Bradley Cooper borrows a little bit from all versions, but also certainly makes this film his own with his own unique stamp on it and also a very unique and worthwhile debut as a writer and director as well also in this case as a singer and songwriter as well. I think over the years having seen many films about showbusiness and the lives of either actors, singers, or people in the entertainment industry in general we as an audience have come to expect certain things from these movies. Usually they feature a celebrity of some kind who can not deal with the various pressures from being famous and this causes them often to go off the deep end with either alcohol, or some kind of substance abuse, or abuse of their bodies in some excessive way. I think it would be something new and even perhaps refreshing to have a story about a celebrity who avoids these pitfalls and basically can hold their own both while performing and keeping a handle on their personal life, but perhaps I am being the naive one here and the many deaths of musicians and people in the entertainment industry just goes to show that success and fame truly can be a hard act to juggle and maybe more credit, or understanding is due to those who in some ways we know very little about outside their public persona. The substance abuse issues are certainly on display in this new version as well and jealously, power hungry managers and agents and the various pressures that stem out of and because of this is all here. It is handled in an interesting if not altogether entertaining version and the performances can be very powerful here even if at times it does border a little bit on melodrama. I think a lot of questions people had about this film include how is Cooper as a writer/director/singer and how is Lady Gaga in her first starring role for the big screen? I can safely and assuredly tell you that Cooper directs and writes like he has been doing it for ages and he truly is a wizard behind the camera and his writing as well as singing is all well done also. For his performance I can also say that I think it is the strongest as well as the best performance of his career thus far and I think choosing to write and direct films and to only direct films he has written himself is a wonderful career move and gives hope to Hollywood as we have another true auteur in the making and a good one at that. Lady Gaga who I know has appeared on American Horror Story, which I have never delved into, but here for her big screen debut she is certainly very impressive not only with her singing and songwriting, but also a emotional performance and a moving one at that. I think it is pretty much guaranteed that both Cooper and Gaga will be up for acting Oscars as well also with Sam Elliott in a wonderful supporting performance. The songs where Cooper and Gaga accompany each other are well done and should also be up for nominations as well as writing, directing and even Best Picture. The film is certainly not my favourite film that I have seen this year, but that is not to say it isn't worth seeing because it certainly is and I was impressed at how many people at my theatre came out to see this film in it's second week and overhearing how much they loved it. For a mainstream outing it is as good as it can get in a time of remakes and cliches being done countless times, but I look forward to seeing more from Cooper and Gaga and what they have left us with is certainly impressive and worth the time out at the theatre.

Utterly boring from beginning until the end! Please don't waste your time and money it's terrible.
We knew Cooper has never been a good actor and now it's clear he is as bad as director!
Gaga is awful and really is unable to act whatsoever. She would be just laughable if her "acting" wasn't so pathetic. ... and the razzie award for worst film, director and "actress" goes to A Star Is Born.... unfortunate title as there is no star in that "movie"
Lets pray it's the last time she tries to perform!!Its just a shame to show this at cinema....

This is the movie of the year, it has really good critics, some fans of other artists don't respect talent and are jealous of the success, they are given low rates but critics say the opposite, my opinion this is a good movie with really good reviews, Gaga is on top and that's all.

This remake of the original ASIB story is by far the most emotionally and aesthetically satisfying. Lady Gaga is an incredible Ally, her vocal performance is out of this world, and her vulnerability shows through in this great production. Impeccable.

This movie make me believe in love and hard work again.

This film is phenomenal and will get multiple oscars for sure. the soundtrack it's self deserves 53 grammys

And you won't be able to either. I didn't want to like a movie that has been remade four times but this cast was phenomenal. I never have like Bradley Cooper even in that movie with Jenifer Lawrence and he changed himself for this film. I didn't recognize him. I cried so hard at the end I had to put on sunglasses and leave the theater last. I am rethinking so many choices I have made and also if I have experienced a love like that because their chemistry was spot on and tasteful. Also Dave Chappelle's cameo was perfect. I had to see something that made me feel differently than I have recently and this did it for me. I will be seeeing it more than once before it leaves the theaters as should you.

Oh yeah, in this movie, Gaga shows to everyone why she is the best singer of this millenium.

Sorry but 30 seconds into the movie I was dizzy, starts with a shaky camera scene, I was really hoping for the whole movie not to be that shaky, and it wasn't, but the first scene was filmed with a shaky camera that was enough to give me a headache for the rest of the night, my respect to Lady Gaga and my respect to Bradley Cooper, they both deserve an Oscar for this movie, but the director has a lot to learn, there are alternatives to shaky cameras to give realism. Mi low review is for the director.

This remake is absolutely phenomenal . I love everything about it . Bradley and lady gaga both did an amazing job and omg the soundtrack is literally beyond magic . I brutally recommend this to you .

As many have stated this is a terrible remake of a classic film. Cooper is an ok actor but his direction in this is not as good as it would have been under Clint Eastwood. GaGa is not an actress and this film shows it. She might be able to sing but comes across more wooden than Pinocchio.

Sondtrack . the cast. Everything look so good ... I love that

When the movie ends we get the feeling that nothing really happened. Guy meets girl, gives her a break in music, falls apart and dies. That's the story. Nothing else happens. No storyline at all. No punch. A 6 out of 10.
Gaga was ok in character, Bradley was fine.

I really liked Bradley Cooper when he started, then less and less (probably not him but Hollywood sh...t, they suddenly decide to stay glued to a specific actor/actress, I assume whoever sells the most). After this movie all I can say - "Bradley, go an continue your Hangover sequel... 5, 6, ...178, you can't do better"

This is my first review,I am a big fan of Bradley but this is below his level. A
Lot of melodrama ,weak acting and much weaker scenario.
I am writing this because my expectations are bigger but i just lost 2 hours of my life to saw soap opera .

A stunning film. A beautiful story of love, human emotion and tragedy..... very compelling and emotional. Great chemistry between the two leads that could not have given a greater performance. Excellent soundtrack. The music has such passion in both lyrics and delivery.A must see film of the year and hoping for a possible awards candidate!

This movie is definitively great in many aspects, yet a little bit overrated in my opinion.
Lady Gaga did an excelent job, not only as a singer but also as an actress. I was suprised when, at the final credits, I found out that Bradley Cooper was also the director, apart from being one of the main characters, Jackson Maine, who he plays very well.
The plot is good, but nothing like the connection between Ally and Jackson: Gaga and Cooper give life to a real, not perfect, really touching relationship, that might make you emotional a couple of times!! Even if you are not usually into romance it might suprise you...And if you love Lady Gaga's voice or good vocals in general, go for it!
At the end of the movie you might think "Hey. Just wanted to take another look at you", because you'll probably want to see it again!

I don't even know how to put what I feel about this movie into words... The best movie, with the best soundtrack and acting I have ever seen. The love story is beautiful and heartbreaking; the music touches your soul.... I have never cried so hard in a movie theatre! And everyone was, I sat through the whole credits to compose myself (and listen to the music).... So raw and real. Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga were fantastic. Now I need to curl up in a ball and rock... 😭

Maybe if I wasn't a singer I wouldn't have been so touched by this movie... Or maybe I would have. But they were absolutely amazing. Music was wonderful, the story was wonderful. And what people don't know is that many singers have this problem with alcohol and drugs. Depression is part of their lives. This movie is about doing what you love, is about extreme feelings, about musicians, about the other side of fame.. Life on stage, love, desire, anxiety. It's definitely on my "watch again" list.

A STAR IS BORN: This was a case of either tears or chills. After the final credits rolled, I just sat there and wept. When I got to the car, I just sat there and wept. I can't remember the last time I was so blown away by a film. I predict Golden Globe and Oscar nominations for Best Picture, Best performances for Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, Best Direction, Best Screenplay (Cooper), Best Score, Best Original Song (Cooper and or Gaga), Costume, Makeup. Gaga is absolutely electrifying in her musical numbers. She's a phenomenon without peer. She earns the the term incomparable. There is simply no one like her, not now, not ever. (Sorry, Barbra) Her vocal range and her ability to change the quality of her voice from opera to country is something to behold. She's no Streep, at least not yet, but her presence is pure honesty which must be there because most of her performance was shot in extreme closeup where there is no margin for fakery. Cooper's direction is brilliant: the camera placement practically puts us in the scene; moves only with purpose and holds still to capture pure performance. How he managed to direct himself is beyond my ken. He was brilliant. Gaga and Cooper wrote most of the songs, individually and collaborated on many. This is also a love story which examines the price we're willing to pay to stay. She and Cooper share and explosive screen chemistry which is palpable. If you like movies at all, this one is not to be missed. Score: 10. It's that good

This is the third remake. I've seen the other two, and they are much better than this one. Lady Gaga (Ally) is a great performer, her rendition of La vie en rose is worth the price of admission. There were other great moments and scenes (I liked the "I just wanted another look at you" moments), but overall the movie doesn't hang together. Should it show character through the work of being in show business (and it is work, hard work, with its constant demand to be up for the audience, to present to them the fantasy they've paid for and insist on seeing). Or should it show the work through the character's viewpoint (and so let us see what kind of character needs to be in the business of displaying a persona in order to feel validated as a person).
Jack (Bradley Cooper) kills himself so that Ally will be free of the effects of his drink and downers. A tragedy? A noble sacrifice? Or a typically sentimental Hollywood gesture? Ally may have some self-esteem issues, but underneath it all she's a steely-souled striver for fame. Jack thrives on stage, but has deep doubts about the value of his music. We get glimpses of what's underneath the surface, but it's not enough.
Cooper (who co-wrote the script) tries his best to show us the pain, he's given to long silent closeups of Jack's face as he tries to understand himself. But he shies away from the dark side. We get glimpses of what drives these people: Is show business the only way they have of facing the central questions of existence? In the end, Ally and Jack end up as cardboard cutouts, pop-psychology figures instead of fully rounded characters. A pity, since the story is about character. Show business is merely the means of displaying the flawed glory of being human.
I found the movie boring in places, pretentiously portentous in others, with a handful of great moments. The music ranges from pretty good to awesome. The acting is generally good, and Lady Gaga is excellent. Sam Elliot is as always a treat to watch. The script overuses the F-bomb, it's become a mere schtick. The photography is very good, never calling attention to itself, generating ambience and character, and carrying the story smoothly from one scene to the next.
Go see the movie, if only to get some idea of what makes a movie popular despite itself.

Saw it a second time and still cried through half the movie. What an incredible movie

Saw the movie last night, and it was pretty good and felt fresh, Bradley Cooper was superb and will definitely receive best actor oscar and director nominations, propably best picture too(since there are ten in that category nowadays instead of five in the past) but Gaga really wasn't that good, her performance reminded me a lot of Elizabeth Berkley in Showgirls, she really doesn't deserve even a best actress nomination but might get it anyway since academy has recently added a lot of new younger members and this years telecast had one of the lowest ratings ever. Gaga will propably win an Oscar anyway for best original song for Shallows.

A Star is Born is far from being the best movie of the year. The screenplay is kind of "very basic", and without surprise "guessable", but tells a lot and perfectly about the romance of Ally and Jack. Even though the first part if thé film is truly an "excessive succession if storytelling", the music on it brought easily tje emotions that the director wanted the audience to have, hence the first hour seemed too short. It's in the second part that we can find how damn talented and brilliant is Lady Gaga as an actress. Her voice and face expression make us enjoy a lot that simple classic story which is A Star is Born. However, the original music written for the film fits perfectly with the story and brings instantaneously the emotions to the audience, so are the cinematography and the brilliant first directing from Cooper. The ending is truly BREATHTAKING and EPIC that the final scène only won't let you forget the entire film si easily, and how beautiful it was to experience watching it. The film won't win "Best Picture" at the Oscars (unless there is a miracle) because of the lack of originality in it I Guess, but there are so many chances for it to win in other categories.

I prefer silver lining playbook or begin again for similar subject.
Lady gaga is a smart choose, but for story and editing, there r still lots needed to be improved.
Honestly, I m not impressed, this is a 3 hours MTV for Lady gaga.

There is no development of the characters, and unless you consider saying f*** all the time to make a point there is no real dialogue. The acting is weak and the movie consists of too many vignettes that do nothing to develop a plot. Sure they fell in love as soon as they saw each other but the robot like performance of these two shows no passion what so ever. It was a huge disappointment for my lady and I and she loves Lady Gaga. We almost walked out.

Lady gaga was amazing, the cast was great. but my soul died while I was trying to watch it. the music was amazing tho.

Lady Gaga had a good performance and Copper continues to demostrate his talent. I went into the movie expecting a great movie based on reviews but by the end was disappointed. The first 30-40 minutes are good then it's just downhill from there. The rest of the movie feels like a drag. The best thing is the music, the last song it's very good.

As others have said the first two thirds of this movie are captivating, fast moving, and beautifully shot! BUT the last section left me feeling dissatisfied, disappointed and to be honest because of it I wont be watching this film again. Think of possibly one of the most uplifting films you've ever seen then it nose dives into complete depression! It didn't work for me. It was spectacular then lost it's way.Watch it for Bradley Cooper, his best acting to date! I could have watched him all day as this character so real and believable, he deserves an Oscar for his role! Amazing! Music is surprisingly good from Cooper and amazing from GaGa. Their chemistry on screen is on point, believable and lovely to watch!One thing to note though I cry at everything! Tears will be shed from Interstellar to Hotel Transylvania but I didn't shed one tear at this movie and I'm still trying to work out why!

The best movie of 2018. Love Bradley Cooper.
The music is awesome.

Had a choice between this film and an action film. This got hire ratings so I watch the trailer again and decided on this film. 
Based on the trailer I thought the characters were country music stars, to my surprise he is basically a rock star and she a pop star. Bradley Cooper was great as usual, for Lady Gaga this was the perfect role. The acting was well done, the love story so beautiful, the hereditary alcoholism was real. Although a good film there two areas that could have been better, 1. If Bradley Cooper's character was such a big star why was there no paparazzi all the time he was hanging around town, sleeping in the grass, etc. 2. Jackson taking his own life for fear of ruining his wife's career was not believable. Allys manager was actually right....not very tactful but right but even still we are to believe that Jackson was so distraught that he would end it all? And him telling a story of him trying to kill himself a 13 but failed to help justify why he died this way. Overall this was a great film!

The film is fine. The acting is fine. Gaga can sing, we know that already. Cooper can act, we know that already. We get more of a "backstory" on the guy in this remake, which is not surprising, given that Cooper directed it himself. A quarter of the acting is borderline growled instead of spoken. Less focus is given on Gaga's character, which is perhaps a good thing, given this is her first staring roll. Not enough chemistry is there between making it hard to care what happens to either of them in the end, because, after two hours of no passion, death does seem like the only way out. The film is shot almost entering in closeup (and not in a Bergman way), so I hope you like their faces. Watch it if you have movie pass and have nothing else to do. If you want to see this film done right. Go watch Judy's '54 version or even Streisand's version, as both demonstrate the talent of their leading lady, unlike this dud.

This isn't a good movie. It's high rating comes from Lady Gaga fans.
Bradley Cooper plays the same type of redneck he plays in any other movie. There's no plot. No action. Nothing.
I gave it 3 stars only for the song.

I went into this movie thinking it would be great but after about 30 minutes it just became boring and I was just waiting for it to end. Wooden acting and disappointing songs. I'd be interested to see the professional reviews. Next stop, Bohemian Rhapsody for comparison.

This is now the 4th iteration of this tale.How many more times are they going to keep dredging up this seemingly undead tale? Is there any creativity left in Hollywood? All they seem to make are remakes, sometimes of great movies, though very often of movies that were not too great in their previous iterations, like this movie. (Disney has become the master of the "beating a dead horse" syndrome!)This movie shows how you can take about 30 minutes of story and drag it out to 135 minutes of tedium! Boring and contrite and very highly overrated!

2013 Bradley Cooper accepting an MTV Movie Award: "More vets die from suicide than do in the field of battle, it's like an epidemic."2018: Jackson Maine wets himself on stage. The close-ups of Lady Gaga are captivating and disarming and are the best thing in this movie. I think they were trying to say something with the ceiling fan and the windmill farm, and the people fans, but I'm not sure what.

What a waste of time. Oscar-bait crap. Just...the worst. Made my eyes hurt watching it, makes my head hurt reviewing it. Less fun than getting mugged with same result - money gone in a confused mess of an experience. At least getting mugged is a quicker more dignified way of being robbed - and after serving it you can at least feel like you've been through a real-life crisis and survived, unlike making it through this Chinese-water-torture-in-film-form. Drip, drip, drip...OH JUST PUT ME OUT OF MY MISERY ALREADY.

Lady gag me. Awful remake. Hollywood glorification of suicide.

Waste of money. Lady Gaga sucks. Should have seen Venom

Take out the time for the 10 songs or so and you have an f-bomb every minute or so. Can't see Judy Garland nor even Streisand versions this vulgar. In the 'old days' scripts had to be thought out, innuendo, intrigue, and suggestive material was nuanced by the actors. Just sad to see writers not using much brain power to communicate the rawness of characters and their situations, choosing to just drop f-bombs everywhere which does not render the same impression on the viewer.

JUST AMAZING. I love so much this movie. Bradley and Gaga is perfect !!

Um dos filmes maia emocionantes que já assisti... A atuação de Lady gaga Realemente impressiona!!

Dreadful, boring, and predictable. Hard to believe a movie with this budget could be this bad. The 10 star reviews are likely under 14 years old or paid by the studio to promote this epic clunker. Don't waste 2 hours and 20 minutes of your life - nap, do laundry, mow the lawn, read a book, workout, meditate, anything else, the dentist and a root canal . . .would be time better spent than in the theater watching this meandering mess. Spoiler alert: Alec Baldwin stole the show.

Amazing !!!! Best movie so far in 2018.
Gaga and Cooper did a great job !

The F-bombs in this movie are so pervasive and unnecessary that it's ridiculous. I really wanted to love this movie. Lady Gaga has a beautiful voice and Bradley Cooper is a terrific actor. A shame they wasted their talents on this profanity-laden movie. I listened to as much as I could stand and left before half-time. Writers could so easily have made this "R" rated movie more palatable without all the profanity!

This movie is literally the worst movie i've seen in 2018 iam shoked of the overrating that it got the reasons that got me to watch it first the hype it got seconed because it won a golden globe and movies like black banther that has a great song didn't win in my opinion and as Eminem said they only give theese award to the people they love.

I went open minded to see this, and went only because IMDB rated it over 8, which intriged me.
So..after one hour, i left projection..
And I NEVER EVER did that before.
The movie has good music, that can't be denied..but, there is just too much of music, like every 1 minute either Gaga or Bradley sing something..
Love story to me, weak as hell, everybody speak about their great chemistry (??!), are you people insane, they were not on the same level and love parts are most unconvincing.
After one hour i have seen maybe 2 scenes wich were "a bit over mediocre", everything else is ridicilous.
This is purely a movie for Gaga fans (of her music ofc), and for teen girls and boys, and for NOBODY else.
Do not waste your time or money on it, just not worth it (and i watched new Predator and i didn't walked out of it, so can see how bad this was).
It should have imdb rate of 5/10 at the best, more then that is unreal.

I saw "A Star Is Born", starring Lady Gaga-American Horror Story_tv, Machete Kills; Bradley Cooper-War Dogs, All About Steve; Sam Elliott-Up In The Air, Road House and Andrew Dice Clay-One Night At McCool's, Amazon Women On The Moon.
This is about the 4th remake of this movie-the first was in 1937 with Janet Gaynor & Fredric March, the second was in 1954 with Judy Garland & James Mason and the third was in 1976 with Barbara Streisand & Kris Kristofferson-and one of the stars of this one, Bradley, is also directing it, in his first time directing a movie. For those unfamiliar with the other versions, Bradley plays an aging rock star that discovers Lady G, an up and coming singer, that is just looking for her big break. She is working in a restaurant while singing part time in a bar at night. Bradley decides to take her under his wing and help her get a leg up in the industry but he has his own demons to fight, including alcohol and drug abuse as well as family problems. As Bradley's career is spiraling downwards Lady G's starts getting more popular. Sam plays Bradley's brother/manager and Andrew plays Lady G's father. I read that both Bradley and Lady G did their own singing live during the filming of the movie-it was suggested by Lady G that it would make it look more authentic. There are a few cameos; I remember seeing Alec Baldwin and Dave Chappelle and Lukas Nelson-Yep, Willie's son-taught Bradley how to play the guitar and also wrote some of the songs that are performed in the film. I wasn't expecting it to be very good but it was a little better than I anticipated.
It's rated "R" for language, alcohol & drug abuse and sexual content-including nudity-and has a running time of 2 hours & 15 minutes.
It's not one that I would buy on DVD-once was enough-but it would be alright as a rental.

From the mumblings of bradley cooper to the overacting of lady gaga i couldn't decide who was actually worse the actor trying to be a singer or the singer trying to be an actor. this was long, tedious, boring and just one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time. save yourself the time and rent the 1954 Judy Garland/James Mason version. I promise you'll enjoy it so much more when the people in the movie can actually act and sing. only bright spot was Sam Elliott who just gets better with age like a fine wine.

I understand this is a remake. Still, the presentation of this film is heavily flawed.As a musician that's suffered through addiction and came out the other side a better man...to his family, his friends, his community and society, I have you ask yourself these questions.If a man suffers through intense withdrawals, regains his sanity, and his family is by his side at the end of it....if this man has had the strength, courage and heart to become a star in the first place.....if this man has been sober for months, been accepted and forgiven by his love....Would this man allow another man IN HIS OWN HOUSEHOLD (record company executice) sway him in even the slightest towards suicide when the love of his life invited him on stage to the place where it all started?False.If he had been on countless benders for weeks? Potentially.If he had been on countless benders for weeks and fighting with the love of his life in the entirety of said benders sabotaging her career? Yes, but even then questionable as he would not have likely made it to this point without ending it all, especially with the forshadowing scene in rehab.ALTERNATE ENDING: Jack is not a victim of his life. He takes responsibility for his actions, sees how his life improves when he's sober, takes those pills and throws them out of the window of his truck (as I did all of my cocaine and pills when I got clean) as he meets the love of his life on stage.... slays the show in the rec exec suits face, because he's a man and no man lets a man like that come between him and the love of his life....especially when the man influences her to lose her true self.....After the show... she tells said rec exec suit off, they sttle down have children, and they live a REAL life. Not without problems. Not some fairy tail, but an accurate account of those of us even strong enough to make it through detox and put our lives together and live.With the current ending....What about Ally? Is she really to spend the rest of her existence loving him only? FALSE.Here's reality again.Alternate alternate ending....not two years after Jack's suicide, she gets swept off her feet by another stud! Facts of reality and there is nothing wrong with that. She deserves to love again. Love is real though temporary, and easily replaced.If a drunk pill popping walking disaster can sweep her off her feet, howg is she going to stay true to him after he's dead?Ask yourself all of those questions.Hollywood force feeds us all blue pills, and the quality of performances (Cooper and Gaga were exceptional in this film) make them easily digestible.I understand Bradley Cooper has been sober for many years and this is a firm message in support of sobriety. I can't disagree.However, alcoholism and drug addiction is NOT a disease. It's a habit. The habit is formed by running from and suppressing emotional pain and trauma. It is not a disease that we are helpless victims to and have to escape by taking our lives.We create our own alternate endings.

Just died of boredom, died. I could stand the first 30 minutes but after that the movie became so tiring and dull and cliche. Each and ever scene did not say much other than: she is becoming famous, he is drunk...over and over again. I am so surprised to see that there are so many people praising it as original. Original?! A remake?? Really?

I had high hopes. Lady Gaga has a terrific voice and I sometimes like Bradley Cooper. The music Lady Gaga sings in the movie is kind of like wallpaper - has no interesting nuance and is nothing compared to female vocal artists from earlier generations for instance Stevie Nicks just for one - this is anything but a female empowerment film since Ally's life and career is spent fawning over an older drunk but talented musician. The plot, dialogue, and overall acting were almost unbearable to watch. I couldn't finish it. So sorry to be snide but it is really an insult to intelligence to watch.

I did love the music scenes, which the whole movie is pretty much built upon. Both Bradley Cooper's and Lady Gaga's vocal performances were Top-Notch, although Gaga's acting... not so much. I found she was naturally great in those parts where she was playing herself (singing on stage), however, I had a really hard time believing her in the rest of the movie.
As the narrative is nothing new, the ending was also very predictable. And I just did not buy it... Final scene was a cheap move to make people emotional, which I see happening for many in the casual, non-critical part of the audience. To me, it just didn't do it.

First, I always loved Bradley Cooper,seen all his movies...but he was just brilliant,as an actor and director,although I almost hated him in the end...his performance was perfect and made me cry for him!!! We all know that Lady Gaga is good performer and talented singer,but omg she blew us all away with her amazing acting and singing!!!They made the perfect duo!!!Now,after seeing the movie I am certain that no other female singer could have done this job quite like Lady Gaga!!! Bravo!!!!

I Have seen this movie three times now. Everytime after i have seen it i cannot stop thinking about it for days. Lady gaga is truly amazing in this film. Her singing and her acting are perfect! Bradley cooper was just as good! They have amazing chemistry! Everyone needs to go see this movie!

Characters with splendid chemistry gets you emotionally involved already in the first minutes. The storytelling has great pace and it makes the seemingly fast love story feel very genuine, there aren't many scenes or moments that feels wasted or forced.A lot small acts off affection is done by Coopers character, and even thought it isn't much, its very likable and helps with the development of the characters. With many moments like these, great music, fantastic characters and perfectly catching a very realistic feeling of our contemporary society I would say it is a film worth seeing. The only thing making keeping this from a 10 is the ending, which is a bit dragged out. I feel like the point of Jacks struggle has been shown and film could've done with a few less minutes in the end.Lady gaga makes a phenomenal debut as an actress and nails her character. Cooper also does an amazing job with his broken, but still, charming character. With a lovely script and the emotional rollercoaster it gives you I am still thinking back to the movie long after seeing.

When I first heard about this, I did not know quite what to expect. On the one hand, Bradley Cooper had never directed a film before and I had no feel for Lady Gaga's acting chops. On paper, it was hard to know if this would be any good.Needless to say, my doubts were answered and put to rest forever by the time I left the theater. This age-old story of a young woman who meets a celebrity on the downward spiral of his career and who becomes the next big thing is wonderfully revived here, with Lady Gaga as a young waitress and singer who meets the legendary country singer Jackson Maine, whose career is beginning to slide amid his drug and alcohol addiction. Sam Elliot is dynamic as his long-suffering older half-brother and manager.What makes this film so memorable aside from its stellar performances? First off, there are a handful of amazing ballads sung by both Lady Gaga and Cooper. Their vocals bring this film to such grand heights, that I might now have a couple of new favorite songs. Lady Gaga's stirring delivery anchors this film and then rockets it to the sky. Just thinking about it makes me misty-eyed. Equally realized besides the music, are the themes of holding onto love and discovering your true potential. In that regard this film had an amazing flare for insightful dialogue.If you're looking for a film that comes from the heart and is as good as people think films used to be and offers some hope, then this one most surely is for you.

This movie is simply breathtaking. It's been over a month since I saw this with my husband and we are still talking about it. It is magical, sensitive, and as equally gut-wrenching as it is heart warming. Walking out of the theatre I would have rated this an 8 but it just keeps growing on me. Gaga is brilliant in the role but it is the magic between her and Cooper that will leave you breathless. A must see.

This is for all the haters here, it doesnt matter about this film was remake or this film has a boring romance story or whatever you say, the important things in here all about the emotions of Gaga & Cooper blended just like their own story.If you already watch this movie without touched your heart ? Then, probably there something you need to embrace as human being... and its "LOVE".

I must be on a streak with the amount of excellent films that I have been seeing lately, because A Star is Born is fantastic. If this film does not get nominated for Best Picture or Best Actor, Best Actress, or Best Original Song, then I will literally be stunned, because every single aspect found within the film was perfect. I would really love to see Lady Gaga win the Oscar for Best Actress because she totally nailed it here. She went from poking faces in 2007, to make the audience's heart sink in 2018.Honestly, the one thing that I love the most about this film is the fact that the chemistry between Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga is so genuine and authentic. Their relationship is so perfect, so real, and I honestly felt like I was getting a realistic perspective of a couple, with all of their happiness, struggles, and everything in between. It is so funny that I thought Bradley Cooper was absolutely awful in American Sniper, so I was incredibly shocked to see how well he did here. Like in American Sniper, Cooper is also suffering from an alcohol addiction and relationship, but in A Star is Born, it is handled much more brilliantly. You see, we actually get to feel for his character. He is such a likable guy, that even when he makes a horrible decision, we understand why he is doing it, and we sympathize with in throughout it all. I loved both his character and Lady Gaga's so much. They were so damn perfect together.As for the music, on its own it may have not been my cup of tea, but in the context of the film, it was outstanding. From country, to pop, to a little bit of rock and roll, I was sold on every song. Even with the final song, which totally wrecked my heart, along with everybody else's in the theater (who was sobbing like I was), I was hooked all the way through. The music was so perfect and I loved the transition in the tone of the music from the one-man show of Bradley Cooper at the beginning of the film, the duo of Cooper and Lady Gaga towards the middle, and the one-woman show of Gaga at the end. It was just outstanding.You know, as much as I love La La Land, I started to understand why some people disliked that film after watching this one. A Star is Born is far more realistic, grounded, has better chemistry, and is just much more powerful. I loved this film, not only more than La La Land, but more than any other movie I have seen this year. This was excellent, without flaws, and if anything, really started to make me feel that love might be real.So many soundtracks to continue listening to: A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night, Mid90s, and now A Star is Born. I love it!

I usually don't watch dramas but wow this movie amazing and spectacular! Great acting by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga, they should win an Oscar for their performance. The movie was emotional towards the end but such a beautiful movie and I would recommend anyone who is a fan of music to see this.

The singing and just the whole movie is perfect. Bradley and Lady Gaga's chemistry ties this whole movie together. I thought it would be another cliche movie, but it is definitely one of a kind. highly recommend seeing it, but don't wear mascara & bring tissues!

This film had me captivated from the start. The chemistry between Bradley Cooper & Lady GaGa is phenomenal, which made this film feel effortless. A powerful performance, fantastic sound track, and well acted, just made this overall beautiful.

A Star is Born, contrary to what the title might imply, is not a Christmas movie. It is in fact the newest remake of a story that's been told several times over the past century, beginning with the 1937 original starring Janet Gaynor and Fredric March. The most recent version prior to this year's edition was released in 1976 and starred Kris Kristofferson as a drunken rock star whose career is in the beginning of its decline. He has a chance meeting with an aspiring singer, played by Barbra Streisand, and works to launch her stage debut in his place.
This year's adaptation follows a similar story, and features Bradley Cooper in his directorial debut, also channeling his inner Keith Urban as rock/country artist Jackson Maine, who becomes infatuated with Lady Gaga's character Ally after watching her sing at a hole-in-the-wall drag bar. This is easily the best I have ever seen of Bradley Cooper onscreen. He inhabited this character so completely that Cooper himself was gone and Jack was all I saw. Cooper, who hails from Pennsylvania, put on the most authentic southern accent I have ever heard from a non-southerner. Actors typically put on a hillbilly twang when they attempt to portray this type of character, but there was nothing artificial going on here in the least. Lady Gaga, while not on Cooper's level, still surprised me with her acting talent. I would argue that she mostly played herself, but this is exactly what the character called for, and she did it well. Sam Elliot was a surprise -- I didn't expect to see him in this movie, but as Jack's (much) older brother Bobby, he gave a very subdued, yet powerfully emotional performance. If I could, I would absolutely nominate him for best supporting actor, and he was a consistent highlight to the movie.
A Star is Born is a romantic drama, first and foremost, but the music is absolutely central to the story. Most of the music, particularly the country style, was thoroughly enjoyable, and sounded like something I'd throw on to listen to while driving with friends. Once the movie delved into pop music, it lost its charm and came off as some of the more rote stuff I'd expect to hear from Bieber, but I think that was part of the point, as it helped us understand some of Jack's frustrations.
The movie is pretty long at roughly 2 hours, 15 minutes. The story, unfortunately, seemed to meander a bit and got a little slow in parts, but I would still say that each scene helped to build and develop the characters and the relationships defined over the course of the movie. We really got to know these people, and it also provided an interesting look into stardom to help us see celebrities as fellow humans with real problems and real flaws.
I'm very glad I finally found time to watch this movie before it left theaters, and I'd encourage others to do the same. If this is any indication of Bradley Cooper's future as a director, I'll be there day one to see his next movie.

This movie is so amazing! The on screen chemistry between Cooper and Gaga was absolutely soectacular. The music, for the most part was worth listening to, her "pop" music not so much but everything else was absolutely breathtaking. The song at the end had me in tears. Overall I am impressed with this one and I'll be seeing it again.

In my own opinion this movie single handedly will be my favorite for years to come. As I grow older I realize more and more that good acting requires much more than just being on the screen. Its about the time you put in. Bradley Cooper, who I already liked as an actor, reached a new bar with this film for me. It showed me he is willing to go above and beyond for a role like the greats. Lady Gaga absolutely amazed me throughout the entire film. I believe the two of them were born to star together. Absolutely breathtaking the way that their chemistry fused so well. I was entertainwd througgout the entire movie. It has been two days since I saw it and when I listen to the songs and think of certain parts I reflect on the entire movie again. It brings a smile to my face to even talk about the movie. The music was great and it didnt feel like ayone was lip syncing too. Music felt live and like the on screen was the performance given. Loved the movie and is a great reason to believe more great films are coming soon.

I saw A Star Is Born (2018) opening weekend, having never seen any of the other three adaptations. I had no idea what to expect, no idea what the story really WAS, I only knew I was excited for Bradley Cooper's directorial debut and Lady Gaga's acting debut. That, and I knew it was a film involving music and love - the two things that will always steal my heart. I watched it the one time and it has not left my mind since. It broke me but still somehow inspired me and set me on fire. This movie is about so much. It HOLDS so much. It's about love, it's about struggle, it's about pain, mental health, substance abuse, the tragedy that can come from those things. But also, the beauty. You can see and feel when watching this film that everyone involved poured their hearts into it. Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga have the most authentic chemistry I may have ever seen on film, or perhaps even off. The respect and admiration they have for each other in real life carries through into their characters and their stories and makes this film so REAL. You will fall in love, you will laugh, you will cry. I can not recommend this movie enough. The music is incredible, the acting is phenomenal, the composition of this entire film is nothing short of a masterpiece and it will stay in my heart forever. Watch it and fall in love.

I went to this movie with very little background knowledge on the story and/or most of the actors. I had heard of Lady Gaga, but since I hardly listen to radio I was unaware what she sounded like. As far as Cooper goes, I might have seen one movie with him and that was it. Still the trailer looked good, Lukas Nelson (yes son of) helped to write the music, and all time favorite Sam Elliott played a part in it. Reason enough to go check it out, and I wasn't disappointed.The story line is very well executed, and although based on the original and its remake, there were plenty of unique touches, making this story stand out from the others. Script wise we see a well balanced movie that alternates between music, dialogue, and that was is left unsaid. It is hard to believe this is Cooper's writing and directing debut, and he should be given high praise for doing an excellent job.Being a story about two singers, this movie wouldn't be much without its music. Of course music is always a matter of taste, and whether or not it's to someone's liking comes down to personal preference. That said, the music does have a high standard of quality which I like. Not all songs met my personal preference, but the three main songs did. Reading an interview after seeing the movie, I was mind blown to learn Cooper had learned to sing and play the guitar from scratch for this movie. Now that's what I call dedication.The last part of this review leaves me with the acting. To my surprise Gaga turns out to be an excellent actor, that plays her part convincing yet seemingly effortless. The same can be said for Cooper, who transitions between being a jerk and being extremely vulnerable in moments. Although the two leads know how to put down a strong and realistic character, the real surprise in this movie is Elliott. It's said that some things get better with age, this definitely goes for the actor who is in his 70's by now. In the role of Cooper's big brother he plays the emotionally charged scenes with a heartbreaking conviction. I'm not exaggerating when I say I saw over half the visitors leave the cinema that day with red eyes.

I'm by no means someone who's a film expert or such, and this is my first time writing a movie review. I walked into the cinema without any expectations and walked out with red eyes (yes, I was sobbing real hard) and somehow pleasant feeling. The storyline was kind of cliche for me and I can guess what is gonna come on next (I haven't watch the 2 A Star Is Born movies before this one though) but it has something special to it. The casting, the acting, directing, script, is all perfect. The script is written so beautifully and so natural that you get so immersed in the movie. It was like real moments happened smoothly and I can feel myself really 'being in the movie'. Cooper & Gaga acting was great, they did a really good job. Their chemistry was unbeatable. Don't have to question their singing performances. But I think what really moved me was how deep the connection between Jack and Ally, how they deeply in love with each other and keeping supporting each other is beyond me. I like the character Ally who genuinely want Jack to be better and to be healthier and how she keeps being on his side no matter what. It was like a true love. I always have this soft spot for movies like this, that tells a story of love that is so pure and not over-exaggerated, just natural and beautiful, like love actually is. And now I found myself cry everytime I hear Shallow and I'll Never Love Again. Beautiful, inspiring, heartwarming movie.

This film takes you through every human emotion possible, which makes it such a great story. Anyone who has gone through personally or closely related to someone who battled addiction brings a sense of peace. It's a disease and very real. Surely to be nominated for Best Picture.

Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga have such an amazing believable chemistry. Sam Elliot is captivating and raw. This movie will take you through all the highs and lows of genuinely loving someone with an addiction, and it will stay with you long after it's over! This is hands down my favorite movie this year!

Beautifully written and directed. I'm still singing the songs from A star is born a month after seeing it at the cinema. There is great chemistry between Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper. I definitely want to watch it again. The film left me wanting more.

It's so captivating, exciting and emotional. Love Lady Ga ha as an actress!

I loved this movie. Not just for the story and singing but the acting was the absolute best I've seen in years. GO SEE IT!!!

A modern remake of a timeless classic tale, Bradley Cooper's ambitious project in his directorial debut will be and should be heralded as nothing less than a masterpiece. The writing, the directing, the acting and above all the singing were spot on. Who would have thought Bradley Cooper could sing and, even more pleasantly surprising, that Lady Gaga could act. At the minimum Cooper deserved nomination for acting and directing and to date Gaga deserves the Oscar for Best Actress. Personally I think Cooper also deserves the Oscar for best director.One of the best movies of 2018!!!

Was a but sceptical but watched the movie and i liked it. I guess couple of more good songs could make it even better

I love the story, the music, the actors...I'm a bit obssessed with it. Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper make a wonderful couple! Go see them! 💜💜💜

Just watched this with my movie theatre-working friend. It's quite a fine remake of something done three times previous. I've only seen the previous two that Judy Garland and Barbra Streisand did. Lady Gaga does quite well in her acting scenes and, of course, her musical performances are aces. Bradley Cooper also sings well. His direction is also mostly excellent as is his acting. Also, nice supporting turns by Sam Elliott and Andrew Dice Clay. In summary, this version of A Star is Born is highly recommended by me and my friend!

Just brilliant, if you are an artist/musician it will probably be the best movie you have seen in a very long time.... if not the best. The way Cooper and Gaga worked on this is nothing short than amazing, the real stuff, not acting. So much garbage spewed out these days, made in a studio with some high end fake graphics and effects has gone on long enough. This hit me emotionally on so many levels, I'm still in awe, and trying figure that part out, the songs alone hold this picture up high. This is coming from a die hard Rush fan and musician from childhood, who has recently lost his favorites... so..... I just want to thank everyone who had a part in this for seeing it through and making me feel emotions i have not had in a very long time. I am a big fan of Gaga for her insane musical creative skills and her very unique voice, but this was something totally different from her, and Cooper, they just aligned at the perfect time. Bravo A Star is Born 2018 Bravo... Best win awards. It so hard to be moved these days, Thank you so much.....

I enjoyed it. The acting and music are great but the movie gets a bit slow in the middle and it is too predictable as to where it is going. It has a real tear jerker ending which is powerful. All 4 of us agreed on the 8 out of 10. Worth your time and money.

Brilliant film, I'm a guy who usually like his action films but this was definitely a 10/10 rating. Go see it now! Fantastic performances from Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga, I didn't realise until the end credits Cooper Produced & Directed. This is one film I would definitely pay to see again.

Very good and a terrific soundtrackGreat chemistry between Cooper and Ga Ga, with the latter sounding great and Bradley surprisingly very good musically

There's so much to like about this film, from the opening, the music, the energy felt from the live crowd performances, Cooper singing for real, Gaga belting out her first new song and their love for one another felt so big on a screen this size. I was lost in it from their first meeting, but then it kind of fizzled out for me. I watched it happily and with great anticipation, but maybe I researched it too much before I went to see it, as there were so many frames which I'd already seen in the trailers and some spoilers and didn't feel so connected to it by the end, which did take me by surprise. It's definately a film to see on the big screen, and I was very moved by it, but not enough to feel it's one of those films that stays a favourite with me for a very long time. I'm giving it 7 stars for first time director, casting, the shots of being backstage and what that felt like (which I really appreciated), as well as the strong attraction these two had for one another, but other than that, it lacked depth in the leading characters, and jumped around a little too much for me to remain invested.

If the title and premise of the new film A Star Is Born sounds familiar to you, it's because it probably is. Bradley Cooper's new adaptation marks the fourth re-creation of this classic film. Despite not being a stranger to the big screen, this version may be the most impactful of them all.
Believe it or not, the original version was released all the way back in 1937, starring stars of yesteryear - Janet Gaynor and Frederic March. It won an Oscar for Best Original Story, a writing category that no longer even exists, and was nominated for six others - including Best Picture.
In 1954, Judy Garland starred along with James Mason in the original remake of the film 17 years after the aforementioned original. Like the first version, it too was nominated for six Oscars.
A little more recently, the legendary Barbra Streisand starred alongside Kris Kristofferson in the second official remake back in 1976. The film was nominated for four Oscars - winning Best Original Song for "Evergreen." However, the film itself was not as well-received by both critics and audiences as the other versions of the film, but Streisand's popularity allowed it to achieve most of its successes through its soundtrack.
That all leads us to where we are today - 2018. A Star Is Born is back for a new generation of cult followers. Like its predecessors, this depiction of the film has rapidly gained financial success, received high praise from critics and become a "must-see" of its time.

It has been a long time since I've experienced a movie that literally had the entire theatre laugh,cry and applaud together as one. At one point it was entirely silent followed by an explosive sobs. What's fascinating is Bradley Cooper spent a year and a half learning to play guitar and sing. He did this all will it being his director debut. As for Lady Gaga it was just as exceptional being her first movie debut. It was if she was a well seasoned actress. Not to mention her powerhouse vocals once again proven to be outstanding.
I feel like it was perfectly portrayed the lives of those touched by alcoholism, codependency and suicide. Our Country needs to see how these diseases affect an individual, family and loved ones. It also shows that we must be open to listening to and being sympathetic to everyone because our thoughtful words could save a persons life or if not careful contribute to its demise.
This is by far one of my favorite movies ever. Must see!!!

I saw this movie yesterday. Beautiful and matured acting by especially Lady Gaga, no one would ever believe that she is a singer who is not thorough with acting. Bradley Cooper touched our hearts with this beautiful movie who is acting in this movie as well as directed the film. Scintillating performance by all. 
Salute to Lady Gaga's acting and Bradley Cooper's voice. Very emotional movie almost had goosebumps with a twist in the end. And about the twist (let's keep it for suspence ;3).

I went to watch to lend company to my wife and left even more enthusiastic than her about this film. One can quibble about the not-quite-original-love-death story but oh, my oh my, what production-direction high marks! Would be stunned if it doesn't land tons of nominations at the GGlobes and Oscar races. If you like films and film making, this is a must. And when it comes to dramatic acting, Lady Gaga truly lives up to the film's title. --and everyone else in the cast delivers to perfection.

Great movie! The 2 main characters are so talented. The songs are amazing. The ending is sad but beautiful and obsessing. I cried when the man was holding the belt, I knew exactly what he was gonna do. And I know it didn't succeed when he was a child, but this time, it's gonna work and he's gonna die, really die. I know that his choice is negative, but somehow it's the only way to free him, maybe it bring him to heaven where nothing can hurt him anymore. I also cried when Ally sang Jackson's song at the end. Even when he almost ruined her life, her carreer, she still wanted to sing along with him the whole life. But when the man chose to kill himself, to leave her, he didn't gave her any chance to save him or even say goodbye. His death doesn't help her. It just make her life more gloomy and full of questions, like "Why I couldn't save him as the way he saved my life before?".A

I've never left a review on a movie before but on this one, I had to. It's an amazing story with a amazing cast. Just an all around amazing movie. I'd recommend it to everyone.

When you can't write an original movie script you give up and you reboot this is what the whole film industry is built on now reboot reboot reboot. The only time anything should ever be rebooted are science fiction fantasy movies because originally they didn't have the technology to do some of them Justice when it came down to special effects rebooting movies like this is a waste of moviegoers time no one should ever win Oscars or any other awards for doing reboots or reimaginings. I can see where IMDb asks does this review contains spoilers. How can it not? It's the second reboot of an original movie by now the storyline is pretty much like out there and everybody knows it.

Venom #1 at Box Office take nearly twice that of this 4th "version" of a "remake ".
Venom's opening weekend take of $80 million Blows Away a competent Bradly Cooper version of yet another (4th remake) of "A Star Is Born." $42 mill.
Next week, will either of these film blast past the Neil Armstrong story " First Man" ?
Any fan of Lady GaGa is delusional if they think her performance in this film is even close than Margot Robbie in "Mary Queen of Scots", even Saoirse Ronan is superior & better than Stefani Germanotta.
Best news yet !! Nicole Kidman will compete with the "Mary Queen of Scots " film actresses for the best Oscar, thank God, GaGa will gag and have no chance this year :)

This was/is a masterpiece, ily so because gaga look's amazing thanks...

Impressive acting of the actors who conduct the film in a majestic way. A Star Is Born It's exciting. The ending is special and unexpected, I recommend it. Really surprising.

What a over hyped movie i was expecting class and all i got was a film full of bad language bad acting and mediocre songs ...judy would be turning in her grave1 out of 10

Very boring movie. Don't know why there are so many high reviews. Disappointed!

A Star is Born was a lot different than I anticipated, much darker in fact. But, Bradley Cooper hits a GRAND SLAM with his debut in directing! This movie does something that most films don't do anymore and that is feel emotions. Not just laughter, or agony, or anger, but a combination of all of them! This isn't just another movie in 2018... This is THE MOVIE OF 2018!

This is the movie of the year, and I am so hyped for it. I watched the trailer non stop, the music just gives me CHILLS. Bradley cooper singing is also new for me, and he sounds just as amazing as I hoped. Come through gaga!

These are two hours of nonsense that I will never get back.
I don't need to spoil this movie for you, just think of the most trite story and ending as you can and yes, you guessed it - it is this story.
Both actors are atrocious! No chemistry and sometimes, their attempts at looking as though they are madly in love, made me cringe and want to hide my eyes in embarrassment.
The worst result of this film is my loss in confidence over reviews in IMDB, I cannot believe the lot of you actually think this in the same category as pulp fiction AND reservoir dogs!!! OMG, ...it must be the young generation!

I made the mistake to believe all the hype about this movie and wasted 2 hours from my life. A weak scenery and lame lines, the romance looked fake and couldn't feel the connection between the protagonists. The only decent part was the music, that's why I gave a star.

I am a huge fan of Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, so it really pains me to write this review. But this movie failed on every level imaginable and I am very surprised by the positive reviews. Without giving away any spoilers, the following things made this movie a very poor example of filmmaking:1. Absolutely zero chemistry between the leads. All the romantic scenes seemed fake and contrived. As an audience member you feel awkward watching it.
2. The acting was NOT natural and effortless. Everyone was plodding along mumbling vaguely like they were unsure of what's going on.
3. The relationships between the characters were not fleshed out and were developed poorly. I had trouble empathizing with the backstories as I was just not emotionally invested enough. It was very superficial.
4. Direction and editing were choppy and shaky. Too many uncomfortable closeups. Scenes abruptly ended and began. Very poor flow.As a positive point, the music was decent but not immersive enough as I expected. Also, Lady Gaga looks gorgeous in every scene and outfit.As Bradley Coopers directorial debut, it might be unfair to be this harsh. But unfortunately, all the above points are heartbreakingly true. The industry and fans have been kind to give this movie better reviews than it deserved. In the end, I came away from this movie feeling distinctly underwhelmed.PS: Halfway through the movie, my partner asked me, so when is Lady Gaga going to show up? We had a good laugh about that later.

Every aspect of this movie was just mediocre. Acting, directing, character development, dialogue, music... I found myself sighing in frustration multiple times. Fans of Lady Gaga might enjoy it, I dunno.Famous singer guy falls in love with a girl and helps her become a famous singer herself but he also loves alcohol.

I am not a person who is emotionally moved, especially by movies, but thus one has stuck with me for days. I saw it opening weekend just out of curiosity and did not expect at all to be so blown away. The themes of the movie are overpowering and will leave you just thinking about it for days. Love, addiction, ambition, abandonment. I'm still finding new layers.The love story was believable and breathtaking. I'd watch this 100 times more just to watch them fall in love again in front of me. The directing and camera work really makes you feel like you're a part of that process. And the music keeps you right there. The soundtrack and score is perfection. One thing I've found interesting is the reviews talking about jealousy- Jackson jealous of Ally's rising stardom. I didn't take this at all but what I felt was that Cooper really portrayed jack's escalating downward spiral as a result of feeling abandoned by Ally. Once the manager entered the picture he lost his partner, his muse, and his rediscovered joy in his art. And for what? For her to relinquish her art to the pop machine. The ending was tough. So beautifully tragic. Go see it. You won't regret it. Oscars all around!

Lady Gaga blew me away! I have always known that she could sing, one of my favourite songs is "Edge of glory", especially the acoustic version, which could've been easily included in this film. She showed that she can act. Chemistry between her and Bradley Cooper is palpable, unforced, totally natural and intertwined with some shadowy moments. Their love is bittersweet but never a cliche of a country song. They are two people fighting their insecurities with uncertain outcome. I also loved Sam Elliot's performance, simple but true to the point, Oscar please for best supporting actor. There's one particularly endearing moment between two brothers. Songs are heartfelt and the interpretation of them throughout the film gave me chills, apart from one over-the-top pop song. Near the end of the movie there was something so riveting that I couldn't help but start crying. The entire story touched and moved me deeply.

I just didn't buy them as a couple, or Gaga as an actor. Bradley Cooper was solid but I found his direction to be all over the place. The music is fine (I suspect it carries the film for a lot of people). This is not a "brilliant" movie whatsoever.

Cute I'll give it that. But the plot was something that I've seen too much. Really nothing special.

This is soooooooo bad there is no cemetery between the actors and everytime you think they are going to have a moment it cuts to a new seen. This movie is choppy and and hard to watch. Stay away
