
I love this movie . This film is a milestone in cinematography. Great Immersive camera-work. This film is an experience and i has already seen it 4 times and I only see more quality of the film.

A lot has been said and written about this film, mostly about its troubled production - forget all that: it has no meaning whatsoever for the experience this film provides. A word of advice though: if you go in expecting a testosterone-fueled revenge thriller in the vein of 'Apocalypto', you'll likely end up disappointed. It's simply not that kind of film - but that doesn't mean you won't enjoy it if you watch it with the right expectations.'The Revenant' opens with images from a dream; we see snippets of memories showing a peaceful life - and soon the loss of that peace, and the loss of life. The images change and we hear the soothing sound of gurgling water as we follow the camera via a long tracking shot over a flooded forest; it's an image that seems to imply peace, evoking nature's beauty with an almost meditative quality - before the barrel of a rifle appears in the frame.Those first three minutes I just described (which are the only spoilers you will get in this review) set the tone for the film perfectly. It's a film that tells a story of harrowing circumstances through images that are breathtakingly beautiful; a film about survival and death and shocking acts of sudden violence - and yet a film that, despite all its visceral intensity, also has a quiet, immersive quality to it that feels almost hypnotic.Many critics and reviewers point out the stark contrast between the film's poetic beauty and the ugliness of its violence - implying the director wants to use this contrast to make a certain point regarding mankind's interference with nature. While that would seem pretty obvious (and it probably is at least partly true), I left the film feeling Iñarritu had shown me a vaster, far too complete image of the clash between man and nature to justify such a simplistic interpretation of the events portrayed on screen. Whether intentionally or not, Iñarritu shows the star of his film with a complexity and honesty that we normally don't get to see in these kinds of stories. And I'm not talking about Leonardo DiCaprio here (who gives a no-holds-barred, crazy good performance and I'd love to see him win an Oscar for this film) - the star of this film is not a person: it IS nature, plain and simple.The revenge plot - which feels almost like an afterthought or a ploy to give the film a certain structure and a proper ending - is not really the film's main theme or strongest aspect, and it certainly isn't the reason that made this film so compelling to watch for me. Such stories have been told often enough - and often better - than in 'The Revenant'. No, what really makes this film stand out for me is that I have NEVER seen a Hollywood film (any film, really - apart from documentaries) that shows nature in such an unflinchingly honest and mesmerizing way as is the case here. And the way I perceive it, Iñarritu sees his human protagonists as being very much a part of nature as a whole - regardless of their destructive behaviour. It's that refreshingly holistic approach (which some viewers might perceive as nihilism on the director's part) that I find to be the film's biggest accomplishment: it depicts the people in this story as just another species trying to survive in that perilous frontier-world. The emphasis is not really on the moral aspects of the brutal injustice that the main character suffers or how the Native Americans are cruelly exploited; we witness all that - but Iñarritu keeps a certain emotional distance, as if he were shooting a documentary about predatory wildlife. And just like the bear's attack, most of the violence in this film comes as a reaction of defense. Be it self-defense, defending one's offspring or defending territory and valuable resources. Even the character that comes closest to an actual villain is driven by fear - not hate, and his most obvious character defects were caused by a very traumatizing experience. As in nature, there is a simple (if often brutal) logic to why most characters, men or beasts, act the way they do in 'The Revenant' (OK, maybe not the French - but I didn't say the film was perfect). And the bear attack is the most realistic depiction of an animal attack I have ever seen on film.All in all, this film feels less like a story of revenge and more like an ode to the visceral beauty of nature and the relentless, savage force that is life; it provides an immensely absorbing - and touching - experience to those who have an affinity for the wilderness, but it's also a visual masterpiece and a great piece of old-school filmmaking for lovers of Cinema. It's not perfect (especially during the last third of the film where I felt the pacing was a bit off), but it's a film the likes of which we will only rarely get to see - if at all - in the future. 'The Revenant' is visual poetry of the most primal kind, and it should be seen on the biggest screen possible. 9 stars out of 10 from me.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: imdb.com/list/ls054808375/

The Revenant falls into the same category as Aronofsky's "Requiem for a Dream" and Spielberg's "Schindler's List" for me, in the essence of being a terrific movie but not something I think I can sit through a second time. In all these movies there are brutal sequences that cause emotional stress and disgust just watching because it is so REAL and GRIPPING. To think that events in these movies actually happened or that they could very well happen is too much for me to think about. Not to say that I did not enjoy this film thoroughly. The Revenant is a technical masterpiece that left me wondering "How the hell did they do that?" after many scenes and sequences. With beautiful cinematography and adroit camera movement this film is a visual magnum opus. It is apparent that the great minds that put forth this film are none other than the same ones that brought us Birdman: Lubezki and Inarritu. There are many long shots without cuts that are sprinkled throughout the film that add a sense of sophistication to it with the added bonus of predominantly location based shooting and natural lighting for the film , that can even make a novice film watcher raise an eyebrow at its complexity. The camera work is not the only noteworthy aspect of the film; The actors did a superb job executing their rolls. Many are raving about DiCaprio's performance but I was more of a fan of Hardy's brutal and gritty character Fitzgerald. Granted, half the words that came out of his mouth were unintelligible but he left no doubt in my mind that he was fully devoted to his role and bringing Fitzgerald alive instead of just Hardy playing a character named Fitzgerald. He was simply amazing.With all this said, there are still flaws in the film. At some points it was dragging on and moving too slow. It gave the impression that the film itself was cocky and wanted to show off all of its beautiful scenery and camera work too much. Then there was the "he shouldn't be alive" situations. Hugh Glass was a real guy that really did survive a bear mauling but in the film they make this guy practically immortal. There were too many instances where I was thinking "he should be dead three times over right now, for me to enjoy the film as much I should have. All in all a great film that I only recommend to seasoned and mature film viewers.

The natural landscape and some of the scenes are overwhelming and spectacular! The camera-work is so immersive, you believe are a part of Hugh Glass' journey through the wilderness and back to civilization. Also with great performances not only by DiCaprio, but also Hardy, as the unsympathetic fellow fur trapper leaving Glass behind. Story-wise, it is a bit thin for a 156 min picture. Glass' quest for vengeance is sometimes lost as he utters few words about his drive and is being more or less, chased himself. The story arc of the Indians quest for their daughter felt a bit out of place and strange. We also get to see the fur trappers p.o.v. that left Glass behind and the Captain way ahead of them. Which in my opinion takes a little bit of the magic of Glass' total perilous journey.All my stars goes to the beauty, production value and performances alone! Regardless, this is one of those overlong movies one like, but would not sit out for another viewing!

You are almost immediately plunged into the action, in a similar way to the opening of 'Saving Private Ryan', with a Native American attack on a group of fur trappers. DiCaprio even does that momentarily deaf thing that Tom Hanks does. Lots of bows and arrows and gore and excellent photography that is really immersive. Great opening scene.There there's the scene where DiCaprio is mauled by a grizzly bear. Again, really believable, exciting and up front and personal - you can almost smell the bear's stinking breath. Brilliant. And then there's ... well ... not much really. Photography and scenery are by and large excellent but you do get the feeling that better use could have been made of them. Iñárritu often seems to chop scenes around for no particular reason, although you do get the occasional sense of the vast wilderness that comes over well on the big screen.Dialogue is scarce. Most of it goes to Tom Hardy who tries to put on a Texan accent but succeeds in sounding as if he has a sock in his mouth (does he specialise in being inaudible? remember him as the mumbling Bane in 'The Dark Knight Rises'?). Then there's the storyline. You know the ending, right? (Just look up the definition of 'revenant'.) Leo is up against it and he suffers a great deal. But you know he is going to survive. So when, to top everything, he falls off a cliff on his horse you realise he's actually become Mr Indestructible. And two and a half hours of crawling, grimacing and wincing does not a very entertaining film make.There are also several non-credible plot twists. Like when Tom Hardy (a.k.a. The Mumbler) somehow cracks an impressive-looking safe and makes off with the garrison money and just two guys go after him, including the garrison commander. This nicely sets up the final confrontation between Mr Indestructible and The Mumbler .... but really? We also develop little or no emotional connection with the main character. The silent dream scenes are a clichéd way of trying to do this and they don't work in my opinion - they're just puzzling and boring. Nor do we see much of the relationship between Leo and his son to set up the emotional links between them - just Leo being harsh and dishing out tough love a couple of times. The pacing is also poor. Once you've passed the opening scene and the grizzly scene, feel free to go and refresh your popcorn - you won't miss much. Overall, the film is self-consciously bleak and overdetermined and is unevenly paced. A better director might possibly have made this a good film but Iñárritu is clearly not David Lean.If DiCaprio gets an Oscar for this it will be because the Academy think they owe him one and possibly because of the hype. This is a film that will be forgotten. If you want to see a good silent movie with snow, ice, struggle for survival and even the odd grizzly bear thrown in, watch Chaplin's 'The Gold Rush' - it's far more entertaining.

Take the direction of Alejandro González Iñárritu, combine it with the stunning cinematography of Emmanuel Lubezki and toss in Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy for their acting charms and what do you get? An extraordinary and masterful film.Fresh off of 'Birdman,' Iñárritu moved straight on to 'The Revenant,' a western-epic inspired by the true-life experiences of frontiersman Hugh Glass in the winter-struck landscape of 1820s America. The film gained some notoriety in mid-2015 for its production problems and has thus been regarded one of the most challenging film shoots in the history of cinema. Rightfully so. The film opens with the soothing sound of running water, thrusting the audience into an almost meditative state, and then it strikes, an action-packed sequence ensues with a near single sweeping take. Now this is a spoiler-free review, so I'll leave the pleasure of viewing that scene to you.This film heavily evokes reactions from the audience and does so well, whether it's staring at the screen in awe or gasping at the visceral violence, if you face this film with the right attitude and expectations, it will be a thrill ride like no other. Lubezki has proved that he is one of the most fantastic cinematographers of modern cinema, and the extensive use of natural lighting over artificial supports that statement even further, the film is beyond stunning. Supporting this is the score from the relatively unknown composers, believe me, when the sudden orchestral boom strikes your eardrums, it's mesmerising.The makeup, the direction, the editing, the visual aesthetics, and of course the performances from a hopefully soon-to-be Oscar winning DiCaprio, 'The Revenant' is a visual treat for those who appreciate cinema and for those who wish to just get absorbed by the immense landscapes and poetic justice Iñárritu has given it. This is, for me, a modern masterpiece.

Since the first trailers of this movie came out I knew it would be an experience. Following the incredible Birdman, director Alejandro G. Iñárritu had the public anxiously awaiting his interpretation of this bleak survival story, and much like Birdman, Iñárritu is also the star of this film. The Revenant has some of the most beautiful cinematography I've ever seen. It's cold, visceral, and almost entirely authentic from the use of natural lighting to the barebones yet powerful storytelling. You can tell Iñárritu poured his heart into this project and it pays off tremendously. This is not to discount the incredible performances of DiCaprio and Hardy (DiCaprio finally getting his well-overdue Oscar), but it's hard to imagine the movie being so impactful had another director been at the helm. The story is as simple as it gets. In the 1800s, a group of settlers escape an ambush by an indigenous tribe, and during their travels one man gets separated from the group and gets brutally attacked by a wild bear and subsequently left for dead by his team. It's a revenge story more than anything. What it also highlights is human perseverance and the will to live. The things that happen to this man are truly horrific and difficult to watch. I'm not sure what parts of the story were embellished or Hollywoodized, but this film sucks you into this world and puts you right alongside this fatally wounded man desperate to survive. Leonardo DiCaprio gives a heart-wrenching performance as Hugh Glass, expressing a wide range of emotions despite the limited dialogue. Tom Hardy is also phenomenal as one of the most vile, wretched human beings on the planet. This guy is despicable to the core, and you forget you're watching Tom Hardy at times because he's completely absorbed in the role. The supporting cast is great as well despite their small time on screen. As far as performances and cinematography goes, The Revenant is flawless.What prevents this from getting a perfect 10 is one particular storyline that I didn't think was needed, and it involves the wife of Hugh Glass. She's never developed as a character but she appears intermittently in visions and dreams and it almost sucks you out of the movie for a second because of how intense the main narrative is. But this is a very small gripe. From beginning to end this movie had me on the edge of my seat, my jaw on the floor and my eyes glued to the screen. The Revenant is definitely not for everyone, but it's impossible not to appreciate it for the breathtaking cinematic achievement that it is.

What an absolute waste of 2.5 hours.It didn't look like it was going to be my type of film, but the trailer was very convincing, not to mention the plethora of award nominations it has received, so I decided to give it a go.Mistake.It started with a collection of superb actors, delivering solid performances. Despite what I've read, I thought Tom Hardy's accent was spot on - that is what that accent sounds like! Domhnall Gleeson is in everything these days, for good reason, and Will Poulter was certainly endearing. Leonardo DiCaprio was excellent, dragging oneself through the snow post-bear mauling should be pretty torturous, and as we know from Wolf of Wall Street's infamous 'Ludes' scene, DiCaprio is a pro at crawling and grunting.A cast such as this should have delivered an outstanding movie, so I can only assume something went catastrophically wrong with the script. Because my God was it BORING.There was absolutely zero character development. If you're going to produce something that is on the long side, at least give me something to work with here? The son was killed so early (and following so few lines) I genuinely didn't care, which didn't help to lay a foundation for why I should care about Glass's prolonged revenge mission. As well as the characters being entirely 2D, they also quickly became parodies of themselves. "The Revenant Presents: Domhnall Gleeson as the Principled Yet Naive Captain (who must die as punishment for his ineptitude); Tom Hardy as the Southern Villain (with no redeeming features, who likewise must die to maintain the idea of a Just World); Will Poulter as the Impressionable Young Soldier-type and Leonardo DiCaprio as the Tortured Hero. Don't forget the Arrogant French Braggarts, and the Wise Yet Ruthless Indigenous People. Oh and Tom Hardy's Random Cockney Friend."While I still think Hardy's accent was well executed, the choice to use an accent which is often a source of ridicule (I'm not endorsing that view) only served to undermine the tension rather than build it, making him seem like a fool rather than a dangerous adversary. Admittedly, he did a kill a number of people so maybe playing The Fool was his way of lulling everyone into a false sense of security.DiCaprio was convincing in his role of the Aggrieved Father avenging the death of his son, but his journey of adversity quickly became absurd rather than laudable. The bear attack was BRUTAL, and as his company quickly concluded, it seems unlikely he would have survived his injuries, particularly when being carted around in the depth of winter. But no, not only does he survive, he also survives Hardy's attempt to smother him, and being dragged into a partial burial, as well as witnessing the murder of his son (which would be enough to render any of us catatonic). OK, this might be plausible, maybe.Then he wanders around for a bit, spurred on by the prospect of vengeance, before being nearly drowned in a river. Again, the trip down the rapids would have been enough to drown the average man, let alone someone who has just suffered a savage bear attack followed by an attempted smothering. But no, he comes to a gentle stop at the river bank and has a nap - mysteriously without succumbing to hypothermia.Cue more wandering, some assistance from a kindly fellow wanderer, and yet more wandering.As if three potential deaths weren't enough (four if you account for the bear effectively attacking him twice), he's then under attack by the very people who's daughter he's just rescued, and not only does he not get shot (despite these people having been shown to be frighteningly accurate), his horse RIDES HIM OFF A CLIFF and surprise, surprise - HE LIVES! In fact, he doesn't just survive it, he guts the dead horse and SLEEPS INSIDE IT. *Beats chest asserting manliness*By the end I was desperate for one of them to just kill the other so I could go home. Tom Hardy finally met his maker - not before uttering the obligatory moral message that revenge doesn't make us feel better.The Revenant is a classic case of style over substance. Fantastic actors, slipping effortlessly into a range of clichéd characters, stunning cinematography, and zero emotion. I'm a crier, I will cry at the majority of films and TV shows (and occasionally books), so the fact that I not only didn't cry, but felt absolutely nothing towards any of the characters, says it all.It's clearly a polarising piece of work, I've seen many other reviews here that echo my sentiments, yet my boyfriend loved it, and the average rating is currently 8.3! Unfortunately, Award Land appears to be siding with my other half. This year's Oscar Best Picture category is a crowded race with several worthy contenders - but the Revenant is not one, and I really hope it doesn't win.Does DiCaprio deserve the nomination? He was one of the better things in this film, and playing such a role must have pushed him to his physical limits, so maybe he does. Frankly, he's massively overdue one so for God's sake just give the man an Oscar and let's forget this absurd study in masculine pride ever existed.

Go and see this movie. In the cinema. As soon as possible.Simply put, it is an excellent story of family, revenge, survival, and nature.The Revenant is one of the most beautifully-shot films I have ever seen. I lost count of how many scenes I sat there in utter amazement, which is undoubtedly due to the brilliant directing and spectacular cinematography: there's no shaky-cam, no quick-cut editing, and a lot of incredibly complex shots which appear to have been completed in a single take. If all films were shot similarly to how the Revenant is, then the movie industry would drastically improve.The entire cast did a phenomenal job and they all deserve recognition for their performances; however, if Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't win an Oscar for his breathtaking portrayal of Glass then that will be the single biggest injustice of the year.Do not miss the opportunity to see this masterpiece on the big screen!UPDATE: I've read an unnerving amount of other user's reviews complaining about the plot. I can understand that the plot may seem a little basic or perhaps lacking at times; however, the plot is not what makes this film so excellent, and I feel as though those who failed to recognise this have seriously missed out. You don't just watch the Revenant: you experience it. Every single element from the music to the cinematography is cleverly concocted to draw you into the film and put you alongside the cast in the brutal wintry conditions. If you've not been drawn in due to being too concerned with the premise of the story, then I fear you've missed a truly enthralling and one-of-a-kind cinematic experience.UPDATE TWO: Leo won the Oscar!

I went to see "The Revenant" on the day that it was nominated for 12 Oscars, which certainly sets the expectation that it is going to be good – and it is. But I saw it described by DiCaprio as an "epic art-house western" and that's a good description. In the same way that Iñárritu's "Birdman" (this time last year) was unarguably a brilliant but not very mainstream film, so I think the Oscar buzz will attract a big audience to this movie who may find it a struggle to really enjoy. Because it is bleak unremittingly bleak, in terms of the landscape, the weather and the motives of the characters. It is also extremely violent but, unlike "The Hateful Eight" (another film I saw this week that was unremittingly bleak) the violence is much more gritty, realistic and visceral making the drama a lot more compelling.DiCaprio plays "Hugh Glass", an historical figure who was a legendary fur-trapper in the early 1800's and the central figure in this bear-related yarn. Although the story has been re-embroidered over the years, the 'facts' align with the film's basic story (there's a good "Daily Telegraph" article outlining this - see the link on bob-the-movie-man.com).Attacked and pursuing by local natives, Glass's party is striking across woodland when he is viciously attacked by a 500lb Grizzly bear. Although appearing mortally wounded, he is a highly respected individual and so is stretchered up by his boss Captain Henry (Domhnall Gleeson). Unable to proceed further, Henry pays for the mercenary John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) to stay with him, together with his half-Pawnee son Hawk and friend Bridger (Will Poulter), to die in peace. Predictably, Fitzgerald is not to be trusted, and Glass is abandoned in a shallow grave. If this is not enough, for other reasons we won't go into, Glass has even less inclination to keep his fellow trapper on his Christmas card list. Thus is set up a classic revenge movie, with Glass determined to stay alive to enact that revenge despite the enormous odds stacked against him.This is surely DiCaprio's year for his elusive Oscar as he turns in a cripplingly painful performance. It is clear that the suffering on screen is not all acting – it cannot be, given the inhospitable conditions in which the crew were filming (in Canada and Argentina). As examples he had to eat raw bison liver as well as suffering a much discussed Han "I thought they smelled bad on the outside" Solo moment. Despite having very few lines to deliver, DiCaprio is on screen for 90% of the time, and it is a bravura performance.Tom Hardy – also Oscar nominated – is also impressive as the villain of the piece, although for most of the time his lines might have well been delivered through his Bain mask for the sense they made. He is an inveterate mumbler.Domhnall Gleeson's performance is also compelling, adding a degree of goodness and compassion to the film that was so missing from "The Hateful 8". (Gleeson is surely vying this year with Ben Whishaw for the busiest mainstream film appearances after this, "Ex Machina", "Brooklyn" and "Star Wars"). Finally Will Poulter gets a chance to shine in an A-grade mainstream dramatic movie and he well and truly makes that grade.Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu has to be commended for eschewing the use of green screens, insisting on live performances and in natural light to boot. Stylistically (and indeed story-wise) the film has many parallels with "Gladiator", with its effective and artistically constructed dream sequences. But the film is not without special effects, and these are phenomenal, most incredibly delivered during the relentless and gruelling bear attack scene: a seamless blend of live animal work and effects that make it horrifically believable.There is also some fantastic camera work (by Emmanuel Lubezki) of the "how the hell did they do that variety". Recalling his work in "Birdman" it's challenging to do single tracking shots of people walking through buildings. To do these same tracking shots during a pitched battle scene is just phenomenal. During one scene in this harrowing sequence at the film's start, the camera is on the ground filming a native galloping towards a victim, then the camera is seamlessly filming the rider as he gallops away. Astonishing.The only area I really didn't care for was the music, by Carsten Nicolai and Ryuichi Sakamoto. A combination of droning strings and (later) some whiny "Ligeti-style" elements, it was in turns intrusive, gloomy and annoying. Music should largely stay in the background to set the mood. This didn't.Overall, this is a masterful film, but it is a slog and not a feel-good film to sit through. It also has significant violence which might not suit all viewers, with the final confrontation in particular being one of the most visceral fight scenes I've seen in years.By the way (I had to look it up) the definition of "revenant" is:noun 1. a person who returns2. a person who returns as a spirit after death; ghost.Now you know too – this public service announcement brought to you by One Mann's Movies! (Please visit the graphical version of this review at http://bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks.)

"The Revenant" is probably the most beautiful movie I have seen for a long time. This is not only due to the incredible locations, but also to the excellent (and by excellent I mean excellent) camera-work. Frequently I was just blown away by the sheer beauty of the rough terrain of Canada and how it was captured by the crew. However, there are a few drawbacks. Mainly the story (it is a very simple revenge story line) and the dialog (it is basically not existent :D).When I first left the movie I was still blown away by all the great things I mentioned above (I was thinking about a 10/10 rating), but the longer I was outside the movie the more I recognized that "The Revenant" is a film that is incredible entertaining whilst sitting in the cinema, but also a movie I quickly forgot about when being at home again.Still, the movie is definitely a must-see. Your money is well invested!

I cannot believe how many people think this is a good movie....watching a guy struggle to survive for 2 hours ...come on people..I know there are not many good movies being made but my word....so many things are unbelievable...the bear attack, carrying a near dead guy out of the wilderness up a mountain...going over a cliff on a horse and not getting hurt...spending long periods of time in freezing cold water.....surviving extreme cold overnight inside a dead horse...my god the list is endless....and for Leo's so called acting don't get me started...a lot of crawling and moaning and groaning....the whole thing was a letdown and really a waste of time...also tell the director to back the camera up a bit on those facial close-ups...they were also ridiculous...trust me save your money and go see The Hateful Eight.

I was hoping for something a bit more interesting than Hollywood's standard approach to cowboys and indians, especially as the film seems to have been critically acclaimed and Leo is a great actor. The quality of the camera-work is excellent and the bear mauling scene very accomplished if that is the right way to describe such a visceral few minutes. But oh the plot. If you try to take it seriously it fails utterly. As an Indiana Jones caper it lacks wit. Too often you say 'I know he'd be dead from hypothermia/blood loss etc etc in any possible world but I'll just keep watching in case something interesting happens'. You ride your horse over a 150 foot drop, fall into a tree, and survive. You travel downstream in an icy river in your fur coat and don't drown/freeze. You manage to light a fire even when you are 9/10ths dead, there are no branches and you're flint went a few scenes ago. What a relief when the baddie is finally left to his fate, but then you realise you've just wasted 2 hours of your life.

I haven't seen all of Alejandro González Iñárritu's films. Those I have seen were excellent or at least very good: "Amores Perros", "21 Grams", "Babel" and "Birdman".When I saw the trailer for "The Revenant", needless to say, I immediately thought it had tremendous potential and got pretty hyped up about it. It showed gorgeous, naturally-lit cinematography, dynamic directing, a historical depiction of the early 19th century savagery, and what seemed to be quite a visceral performance by Leonardo DiCaprio.I thought that, with Iñárritu's name attached to it, this would be a much deeper film than what I ended up watching, at least in its depictions of history, first nations, and in its ability to exploit classic themes such as revenge and survival.Without saying that "The Revenant" is an empty shell (although a gorgeous one), Iñárritu's film fails to impress when it comes to depth, thanks to a linear and predictable narrative structure, one dimensional characters, and a revenge plot that never manages to be compelling to the audience.DiCaprio offers a demanding, physical performance with very little dialogue, but his character, always in survival mode, never reached me emotionally. All the agony grunting and wincing, enhanced by the costumes and make up sure make the character believable, but the script never allows the character to develop or to unfold anything that goes beyond an extremely narrow range of emotions. Very unfortunate.Tom Hardy is okay as the antagonist, another character that suffers from his development being jilted by the writers. This is an unfortunate mistake to make in a revenge-themed film, where the antagonist is supposed to nourish the quest. In "The Revenant", the antagonist is barely a background character that will leave the audience almost emotionless and neutral.The directing (Alejandro González Iñárritu) and cinematography (Emmanuel Lubezki) are the highlights here. Visually, "The Revenant" is flawless. The framing of the shots, the camera movements and the snowy, low-saturation imagery are all gorgeous. Some scenes are absolutely incredible to watch.Editing-wise, Stephen Mirrione could have cut a few corners here and there. And this is coming from a movie enthusiast who sure appreciates a slow-paced film. Watching Hugh Glass walk through the endless forest was great, but you do see at least a dozen very-low angle shots of trees. They're just as beautiful as they're eerie, but slightly redundant at times. Overall, "The Revenant" is not a bad film. It just isn't a great one either. It does have its moments. Definitely a case of style over substance, "The Revenant" disappoints both as a revenge tale and as a meditation on the savagery of both man and nature. Plot-wise, its flaws keep "The Revenant" in a linear survival tale in which revenge becomes secondary.Too bad.

What a waste of a night. Spoiler alert! Here is the whole movie in 30 seconds.A guy almost dies, a guy walks, a guy builds a fire, the guy almost dies again, walks some more, goes for a swim, builds a fire, almost dies, goes for a swim again, builds a fire, makes it back safely, goes back out again, finds a fire, almost dies, makes someone else go for a swim. Looks into the camera deeply. The end.Best supporting actor to the bear. My life would have been better had you finished the job.I'm pretty sure this script was two pages long, and they turned it into a 2.5 hour movie. The closed captioning graphic artist had more words than any one else in the movie.

I went into this movie with high expectations. I came out feeling like i'd just sat through a long funeral for someone I didn't know, on a hot and humid day. *********MASSIVE SPOILERS******** I BASICALLY DESCRIBE THE WHOLE MOVIE IN DETAIL *********The movie started out great with a little action scene and a little bit about the main character (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his son. After that, with very little else about the story or anything to tie viewers into it, DiCaprio is mauled by a bear because for some reason he's in the forest alone after just being raided and destroyed by some Indian tribe, who are looking for some random girl. (maybe i'm missing something but that's about all I took from the beginning of the movie)So the rest of the "Americans" come and rescue DiCaprio from underneath the bear he just killed after it nearly mauled him to death, and for some reason he survives even though in reality he'd probably had lost enough blood at that point to kill three people. The rest of the middle of the movie is watching DiCaprio breathe heavily and crawl around the forest floor with some cinematic shots of snow, and listening to Tom Hardy attempt to cover up his terrible accent by speaking as low as possible. Oh and did I mention DiCaprio has an Indian kid? Yea so he has a kid, the kids mom and tribe was massacred by Americans or French or something like that, and DiCaprio is really close to the kid and vice versa. (Yes it's the predictable average story of revenge)So Tom Hardy kills DiCaprio's kid because the kid doesn't want him to kill his father. Then they leave DiCaprio behind to die (BUT GUESS WHAT??? THE MAIN CHARACTER DIDN'T DIE! WOW! DIDN'T SEE THAT ONE COMING)so he regains strength, gets some support from some random Indian dude who also lost his family, but to another tribe, and then some French dudes who have the girl the other tribe is looking for, find and kill the other Indian dude, but don't see DiCaprio apparently even though he was in a giant wood shelter with a fire going. DiCaprio becomes hero and saves the girl, kills some french dudes, and rides off to get his "revenge"And you know what happens next?? HE GETS HIS REVENGE!@!!!@#!@ WOW WEE WHAT AN ADVENTURE Movie ends with the Indian tribe who got their girl back finishing off Tom Hardy with a hatchet or knife, and they walk past Leo and leave him alone. Seriously though, I don't understand the hype around this movie. It WAS Oscar bait, because 90% of the movie is Leo breathing heavy, acting as injured and in pain as possible crawling around grunting and moaning. The only good thing about the movie was the cinematic shots and scenes, but nothing else. Insanely bland and generic story with a good setting. I actually like most of DiCaprio's movies, and I think he should've had an Oscar a long time ago, but I don't feel it should be for this movie.

In real life, Hugh Glass was mauled by a grizzly & left for dead, but managed to drag himself back to a frontier outpost. The cinematic handling of the story in Revenant, however, is straight out of Cormac McCarthy: heavy-handed with funereal music & gray-scale tones throughout, creating an overall impression that the sun rarely ever shone in those mountains in those times. Just watching it becomes a test of endurance. Cold, colorless, dismal, stark, bleak, brutal, dispiriting & ultimately pointless. Perhaps that was how these men actually lived their lives? Maybe that's the point? If there is one?At the end of the film, we're left not even knowing whether Glass, after exacting vengeance on the man who killed his son, lives or dies himself. Or perhaps that doesn't matter? Perhaps none of it matters? Ptui! Worst film I've watched since Deadman.

"The Revenant" marks a big turn for both star Leonardo DiCaprio and director Alejandro González Iñárritu. Following up on his roles as maniacal tycoons in "Django Unchained" and "The Wolf of Wall Street", DiCaprio plays a fur trapper abandoned in the snowed-in wilderness. It's intense enough knowing that this was a true story, but how they film it makes it even more so. Like "Birdman", the movie contains several long shots filmed in a naturalistic style to create a sense of realism. Hugh Glass's determination to survive and find those who abandoned him provides one of the most harrowing stories ever put on screen. Covered in blood, sweat and dirt, DiCaprio spends much of the movie not talking, keeping the focus on his actions. And by actions, I mean that you rarely see something this intense on screen.I'd say that the movie deserved its Golden Globe wins (but it repeatedly irritated me that the presenters kept mispronouncing Alejandro González Iñárritu's name). And while accepting his award, DiCaprio spoke up for the world's indigenous peoples and called on people to protect the environment from corporate interests. Indeed we should heed his call. In the meantime, definitely see "The Revenant". It's an experience like you can't imagine.

(As e-mailed to my few relatives, to impart the fair warning not to see this silly and execrable film.)Just saw Revenant movie with open caption last night.I bought a ticket to Kung Fu Panda 3 that plays at the same time as the movie. I may see it in hypocrisy to protest the idiot ["pendejo"] director's soap box politics. But at least I refused to pay FOR the movie directly, so they don't get my money, so there's that.As for my opinion:Terribly overrated. It's ridiculous, pretentious, inanely contrived (esp. protagonist's dead Indian wife), frequently dull and thematically & aesthetically anemic with one-dimensional characters especially the villains who hammed it up.There is absolutely no point in this movie. It is offensively politically didactic to the audience on race relations between Amerindians and whites, as if patronizing the audience by the director's self- important mockery, which felt overbearing with his overkill directorial style, like "Look at this, look at me, isn't this pretty, great job (cinematographer buddy) Chivo!"Some shots are irritating with "in your face" close-ups. There is absolutely no tension throughout the movie because of over-directing that is so palpably annoying it kills the enjoyment with occasional dull pacing in paper-thin plot structure. There are unintentionally laughable scenes that require suspension of disbelief like CGI animals (not just the mauling bear) and swimming in the icy-cold river wearing bear fur coat with no adverse hypothermia effect (frozen to popsicle afterwards in twenty degree temperature). It's like a nature action movie with lack of logic as seen from Hollywood perspective.As for Leonardo's acting, it's really nothing to write home about. It's all method acting aided by the cold and chilly air that affect the actor to nearly and almost overact. I really didn't think his acting Oscar is due for this movie. It's a pity award. The movie drags way too long. An hour could be cut and nothing would be lost. Pretentious filmmakers think length equals depth, but it's the opposite. They are very shallow in preconception, heavy on sensationalism (some scenes obviously pretentious as if the director is a show-off) and light on logic and reasonable pacing.Inarritu is a total hack who pretends to be an intellectual when he is not, instead he mugs as if he's on par with Kubrick. Cinematography is the only thing that's good about the movie, but still an awfully pretentious movie with no point to comprehend.I checked my watch more than a few times during the movie. It's how restless I felt. Gore doesn't phase me, but Inarritu's directing is the worst and most irritating factor about this movie. George Miller is very calm, controlled and serenely self-assured in commanding direction in contrast to Inarritu's desperately provocative and bore-you-to-death pretentious approach to filmmaking. That Miller lost best direction Oscar to this sentimental and lecturing hack Inarritu says a lot about the idiocy of Hollywood.Don't bother because it's so long and indulgent with pretension that Leo's subtly Oscar-bait overreaching method acting cannot compensate for how lousy this movie is, in terms of demerits. What a piece of crap. * out of four

Unbelievable bad movie!I mean come on, i watched Titanic, and the same guy dies of Hypotermia in 5 minutes of cold water!!!***spoiler*** Now he not only sleeps on the snow while totally ruined and left to death after a bear attack, he crawls for miles, take swims in a river with snow and ice around, get outside, sleeps a bit more then make a fire from a spark, on the snow, then kill some, then fall off the cliff with a horse and then he shows that he knows how Han Solo saved Luke on planet Hoth from dying.It could be such a good movie if bear killed him at the start. Or at least i wouldn't have wasted so much time watching it...

I recently came across the story of Glass briefly when reading TC Boyles "The Harder They Come", and since this book increased my already big fondness for pioneer or realistic wild west settings, I was looking forward eagerly for a new big budget movie that promised to capture the pioneer era atmosphere in a grim survival story.The movie starts out awesome enough, kicking off with a powerful Indians vs Pioneers battle scene that features incredibly long, action-packed shots. Unlike in the original story the movie is based on, Glass brings his half-Indian son along, creating some father/son moments and some tension with the other guys on his trek who are not that fond of savages. Shortly after, we are treated to the high point of the movie - the already famous bear scene, which is masterfully done, and painful to watch for its cruel realism. Unfortunately, from there, it is all downhill.The whole point of the original story, Fitzgerald and Bridger leaving Glass behind, gets watered down by the state Glass is pictured to be in - the way it is shown in the movie, it would have obviously been the only logical thing to do to leave him behind, with the Indians on the trek's tail and his chances of survival being nil. Rather than creating a believable dilemma, the movie goes all over- the-top in Hollywood clichés. Instead of just leaving a maimed Glass behind for dead, Fitzgerald kills Glass'es son, turning a survival story into a revenge thriller. We are shown all kinds of bad aspects of Fitzgerald's character to turn him into "the bad guy" so we can root for Glass killing him at the end.At the same time, the whole Indian side-story that was courageous enough to show Indians as ruthless attackers and not stick to the "noble savage" cliché gets watered down with an unbelievable silly twist when it is revealed that the Indians are just searching for the chieftain's kidnapped daughter, which we later find out was kidnapped by those pesky French, who do all kinds of badguy Indian killing stuff (as opposed to our noble pelt hunters, who are righteous decent human beings with the exception of the traitor Fitzgerald).The actual survival story then gets completely out of hand, being so over-the-top as to remind me of action movies like Die Hard 2, that do not claim to be realistic and do not take themselves as serious as this movie. Glass, still in a state where he can only crawl, escapes the Indians by jumping into an ice-cold river, gets thrown down waterfalls, gets on a horse, falls down a cliff of around 100ft, etc etc etc. At this point, the survival story failed to grip me, since it was obviously based on comic book physics and -realism. It gets even more ridiculous, when Glass manages to find the time on his survival ego trip to befriend a lone Indian (who is later killed by the evil, evil French, but not before healing Glass with some Indian sweat lodge magic), and even to rescue the Indian chieftain's daughter who was held prisoner as a rape object by the French, who again thankfully stepped in to fill in for the bad guys.Despite all of this, the movie manages to stay pretty enjoyable (and never boring) until the ending, which was so horribly predictable that it made me cringe. First Glass meets up with the rest of the trek, looking extremely healthy for what he's supposedly been through - DiCaprio could have at least lost some weight for this movie, or otherwise they could have used CGI to make him look thinner. Fitzgerald escapes from the camp, stealing the money from the rest of the crew in the process (that baddie bad guy!). For some reason, even though they still have plenty of other men left, only Glass and the Captain set out as a group of two to hunt Fitzgerald down.When the Captain then tells Glass some sentimental crap about his wife when they sit down at a fire at night, he might have just as well put on a red Star-Trek shirt, because it couldn't have been made any more obvious that he would be shot in the lead-up to the inevitable showdown between Glass and Fitzgerald.Predictably enough, thats exactly what happens. To make matters worse, we are not only treated to the good old "both antagonists lose their weapons so it degenerates into a fist fight" cliché, but then, as the predictable fight, that tries to make up in cruelty what it lacks in innovation, inevitably ends with our hero Glass beating Fitzgerald and threatening to cut his throat, Fitzgerald tells him in a typical bad-guy way that killing him won't bring back his son, AND SO GLASS REFUSES TO KILL HIM. Are you kidding me? You just ruined the whole point of turning a survival story into a revenge trip, and lost the last bit of credibility the story had until now.But of course we cannot let the bad guy get away, and so the actual killing is done by the Indians, who arrive just in time to finish Fitzgerald off and stare silently at Glass in a menacing silent Indian cliché thing. Since Glass saved his daughter's life, the Indian chieftain refrains from killing Glass, and instead rides off silently without acknowledging or helping the wounded Glass lying on the ground who saved his daughter's life. Makes sense.The movie fades out with a shot of Glass staring into nothing. At least he didn't go after the chieftain's daughter to make some more Indian half-breed babies and live happily forever after.6/10

Sorry but this movie is terrible. You get thrown in the movie without any explanation of the story and the characters and during the movie this doesn't improve. What really annoyed me is the fact that the movie was very unrealistic, like a lot of others users write in their reviews on IMDb. Leonardo gets attacked by a bear but survives. Fine, but after this it gets ridiculous. His body is mauled and after his friends carry him for about 2 days, Leo gets buried alive but decides to resurrect and find tom hardy, who killed his son. THe rest of the movie is unrealistic bull crap for a gullible audience. Apart from the fact that Leo almost eats nothing but is able to move his extremely wounded body around amazed me, since i have been in a live threatening situation myself and there is no way that you recover from such injuries so fast in the extreme cold and without any food. Leo also seems untouched by the cold weather and the water because he throws himself in an icy river and when he gets out he doesn't even shiver. A normal person would have hypothermia. He falls with his horse down a huge cliff and survives and when Leo gets chased by 10-20 Indians they all shoot at him but keep missing from close range and Leo EVEN FIRES HIS FLINT LOCK PISTOL TWICE WITHOUT RELOADING!! Come on, did nobody notice this? I cant believe people give this movie such a high rating but they must be the people who also think a series like the Walking Dead is worth 10/10.

I made the mistake of reading up on the life of the real Hugh Glass (the character portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio) before seeing the film. What I saw on-screen was a very distorted/Hollywoodized version of his story with lots of unnecessary racism thrown in (because, you know, Hollywood just can't pass up the chance to bash Whitey whenever possible). Inarritu takes a simple survival story and turns it into a violent, gory revenge story. Sensationalism for the sake of sensationalism abounds. So do clichés.There is some speculation that the real Hugh Glass may have married a Pawnee Indian woman during a period (which ended a couple of years before the events depicted in the film) when he lived with the tribe. However, there is no surviving documentation, either public records or correspondence to/from Glass, that mentions a wife. In the film, Glass has a Pawnee wife who we see in flashbacks getting murdered by an evil, White soldier because, you know, White people are horrible and Hollywood wants you to know that.The real Hugh Glass had no children. Movie-Glass has a half-Indian son who he coaches to act "invisible" because the (racist) White men they work with will only see his skin color. His son later gets murdered by an evil, White man because, you know, White people are awful and Hollywood wants to make sure you understand that.Real-Glass never killed an army officer. Movie-Glass, it is revealed in flashbacks, once killed an evil, White lieutenant who was trying to murder his very young son because, you know, White people are just terrible and Hollywood will not let you forget that.Real-Glass did not rescue a woman during his arduous journey back to the fort. Movie-Glass not only rescues an Indian woman but he rescues her while she's being raped by an evil, White, French guy because, you know, White people (no matter where they're from) are just horrid and Hollywood will remind you of that as often as possible.Real-Glass was helped along on his odyssey by some friendly Sioux Indians, none of whom were killed by White people in the process. Movie-Glass is helped by one Indian who is later murdered by evil, White, Frenchmen because, you know, White people are reprehensible and in case you still weren't sure yet Hollywood will BLUDGEON YOU OVER THE HEAD WITH IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN!!!Fabricating a bunch of racist scenarios in order to move the story along and provide impetus for the main character is cheap and lazy screen-writing.Real-Glass did not get any revenge on John Fitzgerald, other than getting his rifle back. Movie-Glass gets a very violent, bloody revenge. Real-Glass eventually let go of his anger and forgave Bridger and Fitzgerald. Movie-Glass has a weird quasi-redemption where he stops short of finishing Fitzgerald off but then sends him on to certain death at the hands of another. So, is that redemption, really?The film goes way overboard depicting Glass as a super-man. I'm sure men were made of sturdier stuff back in the 1820s but when he and the horse hit that tree I just thought, "Oh, COME ON!!" The guy wasn't even fully recovered from getting mauled (and rolled on) by a 300-400 pound grizzly bear yet! And, no, he did not fall off a cliff in real life. Did I mention that the bear attack actually happened in August and Glass reached the fort in October? So, there was no crawling through snow or wading through icy water in freezing temperatures either. How would he not have hypothermia and/or frostbite after weeks of that?!Movie-Glass occasionally has dreams where he hears his dead wife murmuring analogies about trees because nothing screams, "This movie is really, really deep!" like whispered dream-guidance from a dead Native-American.Yes, there is lots of striking cinematography of beautiful scenery. Much has been made of the fact that Inarritu used only natural light and it does work well with the tone of the film.The bear attack is both impressive and horrifying. If you know anything about how to react to a bear attack you will cringe in horror at Glass' stupidity. (Note to screenwriter: bears HIBERNATE in the Winter!)The music is good.I was surprised that DiCaprio won the Golden Globe and I'll be disappointed if he wins the Oscar. He gives a good performance in the film but I just don't think it's an Oscar-caliber role."The Revenant" is sensational but not in a good way.

If this wasn't such a fantastic piece of storytelling, I would be interrupting every three minutes to ask "how the hell did they make that shot?" Even if you know a lot about special effects, this film will have you scratching your head all the time.There are shots that start as close ups, go super wide, half way up a mountain and then close to something else miles away. There are interactions with animals like the bear, shot in a way that defies any cinematographic, animal training, prop, or other trick you can think of.I can't wait to see some sort of "making of" that will allow me to sleep at night when I understand how they did it all. Instead of that jerky, overdone, getting us all motion sick, hand-held camera, there is a wide angle system which sucks you into the action in a way we haven't see before.It doesn't matter if you don't like DiCaprio or dislike "that type" of movies. This is an awesome piece of work, worth watching regardless simply for the technical artistry.

Revenant was the worst movie I've ever seen. If you want to pay $7 to watch almost 3 hours of Leonardo DiCaprio sleeping and breathing heavily in the snow, it's the perfect movie for you.It was also really inaccurate as the dude Leo was playing was somehow very literate and wrote in present day English. This would not have been the case. it was really unnecessary to have this detail in it. The only enjoyable part for me was the symbolism of Leo's rebirth as he was coming out of the horse that he was in due to the weather. I am only writing the last two things because i can't upload the first paragraph unless i have 10 lines. But seriously. Do not waste your money on this movie. Pirate it if you really wanna see it, but even then, it isn't even worth the time.

Utter, utter, utter, utter, waste of 2.5 hours of my life. One of the most boring films I've seen. Unintelligible dialogue and no real story. Leonardo Di Caprio is a fine actor and should have been given an Oscar for Wolf of Wall Street instead of this tripe, where he hardly has to act. OK, the conditions were harsh, but not as harsh as having to sit in a cinema and watch this. Tom Hardy was mumbling, as ever, and seemed to be a baddie for the sake of it. After an hour I was looking round the cinema to see if anyone else was as bored as I was. Di Caprio's character, Glass, is mauled, constantly frozen and wet, starved, dehydrated, witnesses (in his delirium) his son being murdered and rides off a cliff and yet I didn't really sense the suffering. Bilge.

One of, if not the worst, movies if ever seen. wanted to leave after 30 minutes, but stuck it out for thirty more, hoping it would get better. When it became obvious that Glass would survive and get his revenge after another hour and a half of boring action, we left. Plot is boring and obvious. Wish I could get my price of admission back. Sadly a big waste of time and money. Is this the best the film industry can do? Hopefully not. Would not recommend this to anyone. Actually am embarrassed to admit I stuck it out for as long as I did. Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! Spoiler alert? Really? Plot is so obvious! Dialog is stupid. Character development non-existent. etc., etc., etc

Unlike the Pollack / Redford classic from 1972 this movie lacks a proper narrative.True, the takes in crude nature are impressive.But the story is thin and pumped up. Within the first 45 min or so we have not 1, not 2, we have 3 incidents which almost killed Glass the protagonist. He is left almost dead, mute, water is pouring out of his throat as he drinks and then he has to watch his son getting killed unable to move a limb, only whispering his protest.The movie starts with a flooding, at some point we have an avalanche, Glass gets buried and rises from the grave, he is born again naked in something that really reminds me of a horse womb.What is supposed to drive the Revenant is merely a weak revenge plot. Not convincing at all.To keep the audience entertained violence is used very calculatedly. A chopped of finger here, a bloody bit of an ear there, flying in the air, as the villain spits it out.Antagonist is pure evil like the hostile nature itself.Altogether the archaic conflict between man and an evil environment is told in an unsatisfactory way, the movie does not go beyond mere postures. Particularly bad: end scene which largely reproduced Ridly Scoot's Gladiator ending shot.For me clearly the weakest script great film maker Inarritu wrote or made into a movie so far.

This was, in my opinion, one of the best movies of 2015. The way the movie was filmed was astonishing, the actors were great and the story was good as well. The film was shot using only natural light so all of the scenes in the movie look authentic. I have never seen a film shot so gracefully to the point where when each scene starts I am amazed again. Every scene feels like you are in it. And the bear scene that everyone is talking about, is mind-blowing. Honestly, I do not know how they did that but if you see the movie for nothing else, see it for the bear. The actors did very good as well. Leonardo DiCaprio has another stand out performance along with Tom Hardy who did great as well. Many people felt like DiCaprio did not show enough emotion for his role but I think he played the role perfectly for the type of character he was. I do not think this was his best performance but I also do not think this was his worst, it is one of his best. The story did not carry the film to me. I felt like it was a good story but the acting and the visuals of the movie really carried it. So, Story (How well the story was) -8.5 Re watch (Are you able to watch this movie multiple times)-8.5 Cinematography (How well the movie was made) -10Overall, 9/10

Majority of the film you'll watch Leonardo Di Caprio run through the wilderness. It has its appeal, but it does also get old. The scenes with Tom Hardy were long awaited but overall the film served its purpose...getting Di Caprio his long awaited Oscar.

I honestly don't know what to think of this movie. It's good in a way and at the same time awful. To begin with, the idea to the story is interesting. It's set in the 19th century which makes the scenario more complicated than it would be today. But then there is this whole father/son scenario which really makes no sense and seems out of place. There is some back story to it that is scattered out through the film and I understand it's there to add some tension to the movie, but there is no build up to make you feel anything about it and in the end it seems boring and pointless.It is well made though and most of the scenes seems very real and believable. I sometimes grasped the chair grinning cause I really felt the reality and pain in it. The bear attack for one stands out. The acting is very good and the actors do as much as they can with the script they're given, but as much as I believe Di Caprio deserves an Oscar, I really don't think this role was the one.The plot could have been more interesting. It looks a bit like they tried to make another "Deliverance" but failed in character development and gravity of the story. Along the way I lost interest since everything seemed to be based around how everything in the wild hurts, and the main character is hurt a lot. Still he seems to survive anything that happens to him, sometimes in the most obscure ways. At the end I didn't really care whether or not he was going to make it back home, even less if he was going to be able to avenge his son, because nothing felt dangerous anymore. I was just hoping for the movie to end because it felt way too long. They could easily have made this an hour shorter which I think would have made it more exciting and less dragged out.Warning! Spoilers ahead!There were a number of things bothering me about this movie but what bothered me the most is that there is a huge lack of credibility throughout some parts of it, especially since it's supposed to be based on real events: Mostly I was annoyed by the fact that he seems to take any chance he has to jump into the water and have a swim. Everyone who has been living in a place cold enough for it to snow during the winter knows that falling into ice-cold water when it's that cold outside, is equal to freezing to death if you don't manage to get out of your clothes and get warm somehow. Yet he barely seems to freeze at all. It's snowing and there are ice floes in the water for God's sake! In reality he would have been dead by the time he reached the riverbank, and certainly after his "nap". Seems like the movie makers forgot to do some research about hypothermia. After the bear attack his foot is clearly broken and points in the wrong direction. Yet he manages to crawl off and swim down the rapids in ice-cold water only to be able to walk out of the river on his now miraculously healed foot. The only problem to him surviving seems to be the injuries he suffered from the bear attack. I mean he even rides off a cliff and survives the fall only to miraculously survive yet another cold night of snow storms.Why do they eat raw meat when they clearly have made a fire two steps away where they could cook it? It makes no sense.All the lines delivered by the native Americans seemed out of sync for some reason, which is weird since todays technology in syncing picture and audio is quite developed.All in all it's an interesting story but a bit boring and unbelievable way to tell it. I would have bought it if it was a fictional story, but this time it's based on real events. If you want to revel in pain, suffering and misery, and if you like to watch a movie about how hard it was back in the 19th century, please go ahead, but there are better ways to spend your money.

How can I reconcile the great reviews that film critics and many (actually a majority as far as I can see) on IMDb have given this movie? Easy! Anyone who likes this film is also a fan of the Rocky films. Just like Sylvester Stallone, Leonardo di Caprio gets off the mat after a near lights-out experience and goes on to defeat the enemy of the time. That's all there is, folks - Rocky in the Rockies! Unfortunately, Rocky movies were far less boring than this steaming pile that Iñárritu has deposited (again after Birdman).Is there something worse than mere boredom? Yes there is. Tom Hardy's portrayal of a cleft palate requires subtitles to decipher what the hell is this character's problem. Sorry Americans but some of you really don't render the English language in a way the rest of the world understands it. How did this performance ever get the Best Supporting Actor Oscar? In fact, how did Leonardo di Caprio get his best actor award? I suspect that it was for The Wolf of Wall Street and not this orgy of grunts and crawling out of dead horses and freezing rivers.I might have given The Revenant a better rating for the cinematography as the movie lovingly portrays the Canadian Rockies. This movie was given an award for Best Achievement in Cinematography. Sometimes the Academy does the Right Thing. That being said, maybe they should have just made a travel documentary instead.At the end of The Revenant, I was cheering for the bear at the beginning of the movie. Perhaps if the she-bar had really finished off Leonardo's character, I wouldn't have wasted my time.

This tedious movie is a humorless, monotonous, pretentious music video that occasionally feels like a Leonardo DiCaprio showreel. It is distractingly directed by the gimmicky showman Inarritu, whose Birman is possibly the least dramatically interesting movie ever to win an Oscar.And while a movie does not need to have have likable characters, it should at least have interesting characters, and The Revenant has neither. DiCaprio certainly looks uncomfortable in the snow, but since there is nothing to his character but his affection for the young native--a relationship that does not last very long--most of the movie has a zero dimensional character struggling with the elements with elaborate, gimmicky, cg-enhanced set pieces. Despite being played by a talented actor, the lead is completely uninteresting and his quest for revenge dull.This is the worst movie I've seen in the theater since the similarly humorless, monotonous, and self-important movie, Precious. The politics are very patronizing and simple minded and lacking any depth other than the typical "we are all to blame" rehash that so many guilty and self loathing people love, as exemplified by the "you are to blame!" and truly laughable final shot.A feature length music video full of cg tricks, but wholly lacking in characters, drama, humor, heart, and depth. Self-congratulatory, egotistic garbage masquerading as important art that will unfortunately fool a lot of people.

There have been two masterpieces in cinema this year. In Mad Max Fury Road, George Miller gifted us a dystopian deconstruction of the inevitable consequences of the will to own: a society both totalitarian and nihilistic, headed by an obscenely controlling monster commanding drug fueled Jihadis, regulating every resource from water to mother's milk. Misread in some places with a strictly "feminist" critique, exegesis of Miller's film can fly marxian or libertarian – it hardly matters as the solution to the chaos of dictatorship the director provided with Furiosa's victory was both egalitarianism and freedom.In The Revenant, Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu attempts something more subtle: with one stroke of his pen, by giving protagonist Hugh Glass a native wife and son, he weds an early icon of American Exceptionalism into a matrimony of Old World and New. It was not long after Glass's travails that ambitious frontier writers grew his legend, and by the end of the 19th century Glass had entered a pantheon of American folklore heroes from the wholly fictitious Paul Bunyon, to the richly documented Davy Crockett. The historical Glass fell somewhere between symbolic characters like Johnny Appleseed and fictionalized pioneer figures such as Daniel Boone. Glass's place among these icons ebbed and flowed with each new literary interpretation, but none has challenged his role as an early representation of the American cultural values based on Puritan work ethic, Calvinist Pre-Destination, and economic liberalism. By the time Thoreau poetically stamped naturalism on the emerging national character, the attributes of perseverance, "rugged individualism", and emotional solitude had solidified into the championing of an individual persona that collectively birthed the philosophies and policies of American Exceptionalism and Manifest Destiny.Wholly within a European tradition, neither Glass's experience nor iconography made room for a shared native American narrative. The value of communalism, spiritual communication with the natural world, and preservation of the environment were never compatible with the mission to homogenize and control that environment with ever increasing technological advancements. Native lifestyles and beliefs, in particular the unwillingness to entertain the notion that land could ever be privately owned, doomed any hope for a co-existence of equals. But in the Revenant, Iñárritu suggests that Glass's almost super human fortitude and survival skills were sourced not just from the core early American cultural value of self-sufficiency, but from the First Nationer acceptance of nature as a reverential if temperamental partner; a mate not to be dominated and contained, but to be respected and cajoled into compatibility. In the face of the arbitrary brutality of nature, it is not Glass's master of technology that saves him, it is his native-like learned connection to the spirit world and his understanding of the natural world that restore and guide him. Glass is a man with a foot planted firmly in both worlds, but it is his chosen one that is both sacrificed in the person of his son Hawk, and transcended in the visions of his dead wife and son. On his recovery and "revenge" mission, his sustenance is derived from animism; his survival from a native conciliation with the harsh environment.I believe in The Revenant the film-maker wants his audience to extrapolate the sources and resources of Glass's survival and consider the role that native peoples had in the formation and growth of a nation, to ponder and accept the importance that native people's beliefs and practices had and still have in creating a harmonious balance between a natural world that is and will always be capable of demolishing the best plans and inventions of men, and the harnessing of that world in the name of advancement. Iñárritu's revision of the Glass story is not a mere plot device; it is a radical epistemological one that poses timeless questions. I do feel the wonderful performances, majestic cinematography, and riveting action in The Revenant are all subordinate to what the director would like us to entertain about the survival and "revenge" of Hugh Glass.

It is a travesty. The scenery shots are boring and carelessly tacked on to create a disparity between the violence and serenity of nature I assume but it's really badly done. I think it's supposed to be arty? If you watch the trailer, google some pics of Canadian landscape and youtube that scene from star wars with the tauntaun you have basically watched the movie. Don't waste your money. It is soulless Oscar fodder and brings nothing new to cinema so if you want to watch the same old story of a guy surviving against all odds because revenge and manpain are powerful driving forces, go for it. You'll probably enjoy it. If you want to watch something with beautiful editing or scenery or costume design, there are way better films out there that do all of this a lot better and have a more original storyline/progressive way of showing that storyline. I found it very dull and Leo does not deserve an Oscar. Maybe Tom Hardy does. But Mad Max was better so he should win it for that.

Don't listen to what anyone says about this movie. It's bad... I liked all the actors playing in this movie, I'm a real fan of all leonardo dicaprio's movies. I loved Tom Hardy In "peaky blinders". And I like the performance of Will poulter in "we are the millers" and "maze runner". Like always they didn't disappoint. On the other hand this movie is depressing aaaalll the way. I don't say every movie should have a happy ending. But at least give us a reason to watch this movie besides beautiful panorama shots of the environment. The build up to action is to slow and when the action finally comes it's banal. No captain would go after a deserter alone with a wounded man! Without spoiling any further about the movie. I thought it sucked really bad and I want the world to know about it! yours sincerely a moviefanat who made an account on IMDb just to trash this movie.

I was really looking forward to this, I love wilderness films. I was slightly looking forward to it less when I realized it was a re-hash of the classic Man in the Wilderness. Its a beautifully shot film with some good moments but it just seems that Hollywood bods get together, select a scenario and inject the same components over and over again. This could have been a war film set in the 1990s, or a 'defense against aliens' film set in 2200. Its the same growling macho performances, tinged with an honor and pride that only seems to exist in the dream world of Hollywood, finishing with a lesson that the human spirit, especially if you are American, seems to know no bounds. Why not tell the story like it is? People don't survive numerous powerful attacks by the same bear, or manage to endlessly dodge weapons, bullets and Indian ambushes. Build the story about what is realistic and inject some subtlety around it. People were simpler in the 19th century - this lot look like they have been spoon fed a cocktail of Tony Robbins and Bear Grylls. People are so impressed with big stars, huge performances, epic music and unworldly cinematography that they can't see that there is just so much padding to this simplistic narrative of growling and fighting. It's an OK film, it will win Oscars. Give me Richard Harris any day over this.

If ever there was a case of style over substance, The Revenant is it. Visually stunning, yes, but films have always been about more than that. If something nice to look at is what you want, go and stare at a painting or a photo for 2 and a half hours.This isn't a bad film in the way that Adam Sandler films are bad, it's a bad film because there is nothing (bar the visuals) to enjoy. It is so unrelentingly grim, with zero character development, It left me asking, am I meant to care? As the film opens with the slaughter of half the group, it's a pretty brutal scene, but with no impact, as we weren't even introduced to them. This serves as a recurring problem throughout the running time.The only thing interesting thing about this movie is that it serves as a metaphor for DiCaprio's own struggle to earn an Oscar. His character goes through so much Hell to survive, has everything thrown at him, and its' almost like Leo is pleading to the Academy - 'Look, look! See what I'm willing to put myself though?!'To be fair, it paid off in that respect.

I've grown weary of these "I am man therefore invincible" movies. The cast of this film is all male, aside from one female thrown in so she can be raped.I know this film is based on a true story, a man who survived this sort of overwhelming circumstances. But, really, all of this is true? Nevertheless, the film doesn't provide enough back-story (aside from his visions of his wife/partner dying and other odd visions). I don't know who he is (the main character). I don't know who Tom Hardy is - why is he such a jerk? Basically there is no character development or back-story on anyone. The only moments I "felt" anything are when ((SPOILER)) his son is being murdered by Tom Hardy and when the Native woman is being raped. Otherwise the film is a grueling series of violent (bordering on ridiculous the amount of situations that arise) circumstances over and over and over again until the final bloody end.I need character development, some story line, some reason to care about anyone. This movie, to me, has absolutely no soul. No moral compass. Is Leo's character a good guy because he's sad about his son and saves a native woman from nonstop rape? I guess that means he's a good guy.There are beautiful visuals of nature, nice cinematography. The bear scene is well done and feels so real even though the bear is CGI. Leo does a good job acting (grunting mostly). But this movie lacks soul. Lacks characters. Lacks everything except nonstop violence.I could have left this movie several times, and come back to essentially the same scene for the entire duration of the film (near-dead man somehow enduring and soldiering on to his next near-death experience).I found this film dreadful, tiresome and lazy story telling. If this wins Best Picture there is something wrong with our culture.

If 'Inspired by true events' means once again telling the vague, half truth, white man version of a story, then yes, that's exactly what happened. If it really is about the 'power of the human spirit', then maybe focus on the unbelievable resilience of the Native Americans that get constantly ignored in history!DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass, for roughly 30 minutes, then allows the viewer to not have to hear his voice for the remaining 2 hours of the film. And I'm sorry to say that his attempt to illicit my emotions with just his expressions was a failure and only made me wish the bear had finished him off...sorry. Nothing about this performance screams Oscar, and none of his previous performances do either, which is why he doesn't have one! Tom Hardy plays Fitzgerald, your standard ruthless, racist, Texas d-bag, which he completely pulls off, with the exception of his voice. If he had hit his mark, then perhaps this was award worthy but instead, as with most of his other roles, he struggled with the accent and he succumbed to mumbling and incoherent speech. A shame really, so close to a perfect performance.Forrest Goodluck is perfect as Hawk, and honestly he could have pulled off main character status had the film been centered around him! He was flawless!!! I felt what he felt and all I wanted was more of all of it. This kid will have no problem getting work in the future.If anything the DP deserves an Oscar for the stunning locations and incredible aesthetics in this film but that unfortunately is all it deserves. Cinematography was definitely the 12th man that brought this film to its peak.Just my opinion

Okay, okay, it's not really a one out of ten, more like a three, but the overall score is way too high and needs compensating.As many other reviewers have noted the acting and cinematography are uniformly excellent.Otherwise, it's both boring and ludicrous. The first twenty minutes are pretty good, but after the bear attack it becomes both silly and tedious. Indeed it's sillier than the film where Liam Neeson gets chased around the wilderness by a pack of wolves, and at least that was quite exciting.The biggest problem by far was that the DiCaprio character continued to live. In sub zero temperatures if any human, but especially one that's been severely weakened, is plunged into freezing water and then is unable to get dry he will die of hypothermia. What he won't be able to do is go back into the freezing water in order to build a horseshoe of rocks under the water so he can trap fish. This was just one instance of many.A horse's chest cavity is simply not big enough to accommodate a fully grown man, Leo fires his barrel loading pistol twice in quick succession which is impossible.Then there were all the continuity problems. Leo gets washed downstream but appears to arrive at a location which is at a higher altitude. Sometimes there's lots of snow on the trees, then in the next shot barely any snow at all. It's just a mess.But the worst thing was how long it took to achieve relatively little. Just lots of suffering for DiCaprio and boredom for me.

This movie is without doubt the worst revenge movie I have ever seen! I can't believe Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy actually wasted their time making this load of crap! Nothing happens for the first 2 hours of the film, except watching Leonardo DiCaprio paw around in the snow after he was ripped to shreds by a bear. Just imagine watching Uma Thurman (in Kill Bill) crawl around on the hospital floor (after she wakes from her coma) as she makes her way to the Pussy Wagon. That's the movie in a nutshell. What happens after the bear attack is laughable - leaving only 15-20 mins for Leo's revenge - and the fact that he survives this attack is complete BS. No one could have survived this attack!Here's the sum of the movie. Leonardo DiCaprio is butchered by a bear, falls down a waterfall and then thrown off a cliff. Somehow, beyond credability, he manages to survive all this, and makes his way home to spend 15-20 mins hunting down the guy his killed his son. 45 mins into the movie, I wanted to walk out. Not worth seeing at the movies. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! My girlfriend and I both hated it!If Leo wins an Oscar for this, it's should be for doing all the gross things he needs to do in order to survive; like eating raw animals and sleeping in the butchered carcasses of horses. 0 out 10 from me. Worst revenge story ever!!!

Just watched the Revenant with Leo Dicraprio. Leo gets killed amillion times. -He is attacked by hostile natives ( he lives) -Attacked by female grizzly bear ( huge).. Kills it with a tiny knife. (must have been well trained) -Falls down a ravine ( he still lives) - Big huge bear fall on top of him (he is still around) but he is wounded - Gets buried alive (crawls out) - almost starves to death but finds a McDonalds - Eats raw fish and is hunted by the same hostile natives. they must have been film critics. Escapes -Falls down huge rapids and waterfalls (just gets wet) -Steals a horse is hunted again by the same film critics and rides the horse over a 30m cliff through a pine tree, lands face down and is OK. Poor horse -Staggers around starving down to his last BigMAc an is rescued.Is OK the next morning and goes to look for his son's killer and gets into a gunfight.Guess what happens next.On the positive side this movie was filmed around Bragg Creek and Kananaskis Park. they were careful not to include the gold course in the movie. The positive side is the cinematography is really great.Hate to be a spoiler but watch this this is about it. If u have spent time in the winter about here and encountered a bear like that I don't think u would live.Watch this on the net but it is 157 minutes long. Don't spend any money on it like Star Wars XXIII.

And some good acting and great cinematography, but HIGHLY overrated. It should be cut in half and it would still drag. The spirituals visions don't really add much and at times make it difficult to follow what is going on. But then the plot is so predictable you know what is going to happen before it does, so you really just sit back and look at nice scenery and some good acting without needing to follow the story because you know exactly what will happen all the time. Anything the least bit bloody is dragged out.If you liked "There Will be Blood" (another predictable pointless movie, you will like this one. Personally I found both to boring and poorly done.

This review is not to take away from any who enjoyed the movie, there are many on both sides of the fence certainly. I merely represent the lowest end of the curve.I truly feel that a monumental emphasis on acting, scenery, and filming cannot come anywhere near salvaging a hollow shell of a movie that truly contains so little plot, character development, or soul.I recommend this movie for those who are solely interested in the visual sense, and who can accept a constant barrage of negative emotion that shall remain unfulfilled and rather unjustified.Detailed Review, with some spoilers:Coming out at a time with more clever promotion and mystique than any movie not named Star Wars, this movie was destined to be a big draw. It stars 2 of the best actors in Hollywood, and is directed by a man who cannot seem to lose at the biggest of award ceremonies. Not to mention constant emphasis on the unique and agonizingly difficult way in which the movie was filmed. Labelled as a thrilling story of survival, who would give this a miss?The movie starts off with a bang for some, but in truth it is merely a graphic bloodbath that provides little context. There are random arrows flying through the skulls of countless individuals, random butchering of a horse here and there, and very little dialogue. The only reason you know that Leo and Tom are the leads, is because they are not doing something silly like running out into the clearing alone (only to be horribly slaughtered), or staying back and killing their own horses rather than trying to escape this death trap! It is horribly unrealistic, like a bad horror movie minus any form of comedic undertone.You gain some context after the first scene, where the situation is explained, and literally one character is developed: Tom Hardy. He is the only prominent talking character. A very selfish man who is willing to commit the most despicable deeds for money or survival. One of these deeds leads to the "story of revenge". At this point, the other main character (Leo) has said or done very little. We simply know he has a young, clearly half-native son at his side. A good vendetta will develop characters with a fundamental difference, both wielding charisma on opposite sides of the spectrum. This particular vendetta is slapped together in a very rushed manner, as the revenge plot seems secondary to the amount of time spent on survival. This movie merely uses a heinous action to create the necessary vendetta, and overly heinous it is. I found my tastes starting to sour at this point simply because the substance around the incident was very weak and the movie: otherwise pessimistic and brutal. There had been little to no character development, the charisma level was atypically low for Tom Hardy, and Leo may as well have not even been there (prior to the start of his desperate survival tactics). The acting was just fine, simply put the roles provided no vessel for charisma to this point.Ironically, this story of revenge is the only thing that makes Leo any form of real life character other than a mumbling, groaning, foaming vegetable trying to keep himself alive. After the famous bear attack, which simply occurs like everything else, (randomly), it is one unrealistic survival after another. This includes a whole lot of facial/verbal agony, for which he will likely win all of the awards. The so called "story of revenge" remained as unfulfilling as any part of the movie. Along the way, there is a whole lot more violence, and the odd little story line which typically ends in butchery. The overlying theme: one brutal incident after another without end, and a whole lot of moaning. You could literally walk away for half of the movie, come back having missed almost nothing, and be introduced to everything this movie has to offer right away.The development of any relatable emotion occurs either through horror, or pity. It did not keep me on the edge of my seat, merely wondering how much more of this I am able to watch. Any attempt at a moral or message was very poorly embedded.The filming and scenery are clearly the bright spots, but this to me is simply like putting grains of sand in a tiffany's box. They have the most expensive packaging, a pretty bow, and the best salespeople, but no product. The unnecessary effort in shooting, and the ordeal the actors went through is baffling to me, but clearly not to the critics. I believe Innaritu could re-master the film "Waterworld" and win 12 awards if he so chose.As a follow up to "Birdman" I cannot help but find irony. If nothing, Birdman criticized big budget violent movies that inevitably become very successful. Critics pan them, Actors become typecast, the public eats up mindless violence and thrills. Not only was this one of the most violent/brutal movies ever made, I would argue that there is FAR less brainwave activity or cause within this movie, than one of the dozen Avenger series movies. This movie has already attained critical acclaim, the main actors are in no danger of becoming typecast, and a large portion of the public likes this movie. You tell me: Is Inarritu an oblivious, fraudulent, King Midas where everything he touches turns to gold...or is he one of the smartest men in Hollywood who knew how to turn the table in an ironic fashion within this film?

Awesome movie, that will surely get many Oscar awards for best actor (Leonardo DiCaprio), supporting actor (Tom Hardy), cinematography and makeup, best director and best picture, possibly costume design and editing. The bear attack scene is monumental and memorable, I do not remember having seen a bear attack described so well in all its wildness in any film or documentary. The many landscapes of wild nature are very beautiful! Leonardo DiCaprio's wounds and tormented face are so well rendered, I do not know how one can lose the Oscar for makeup. Throughout the film, Leo plays absolutely brilliant, with Tom Hardy also excellent. The movie is very well built in details, it has memorable scenes (like the one when jumping on the horse from the cliff and surviving in the freezing night that followed) and depicts very well the struggle to survive in harsh natural conditions in frontier areas in those times. Awesome cinema experience for a viewer - congratulations to the whole film crew for a job well done!

Yet another over the top movie with too many graphic effects and no substance. At the end of the movie, I just sat there wondering what the whole point of the movie was, because if I wanted to see raw violence, I would just go on the Ogrish website and watch the be-headings and other atrocities from ISIS.Perhaps it is this continuing pointless display of violence that causes the manifestation of all the violence in this world.For me, the movie went wrong as soon as the bear attack happened. Of course, only in Hollywood would it be possible to create an epic fight between a bear, four to five times the size of the pro/antagonist, yet with the bear still loosing the battle. What gives, though; as long as there is an epic CGI battle with blood splattering all over the screen, then the movie must be good.Truly disappointed in yet another Hollywood garbage movie that is meant to excite the Zombies here in America.

The cinematography is excellent but the story is so unbelievable that it snaps you out of the movie. The bear mauling if brutal then to be left for dead no food and bleeding? Gun powder in your throat to cauterize the wound? Body surfing down a river after all that in winter which a healthy person could last about 10 min before hypothermia would set in? Its not one thing, its not three things its the whole movie that is one thing after another that anyone older than 6 would say this is total Bull crap. You have to watch the movie to know that someone had no idea what the hell it was like in the cold trying to survive healthy not to mention half dead no food and Indians tracking you. I believe Indiana Jones is more believable jumping out of planes with rubber rafts. If you want a movie that just to kill time this will work, but don't get the idea its going to be some great look on how things were. Its an upscale B movie.

Many films excited me towards the end of 2015 such as Star Wars VII, Spectre, The Hateful Eight but I must be honest I was most excited to see The Revenant. The movie follows a simple revenge/survival story with Leonardo DiCaprio being the focal point of it after being left for dead by his crew in the wilderness.From watching the teaser trailer last year, I could already tell that it would be visually stunning but after watching it I have concluded that it is more than visually stunning it is a visual achievement, there are scenes that will shock you and make yourself wonder how it was shot. There are many scenes in the movie that are shot in a "Birdman" fashion with the slow tracking shots with long takes however it never feels like Innaritu is milking on Birdman's visual success. The movie also looks very realistic in showcasing the grit and filth of being a frontiersman. The acting in this movie is also very good and DiCaprio puts on a very captivating performance which could very likely win him an Oscar. I feel as though Tom Hardy should also be recognized for his performance as he was excellent as well. However amidst all this praise I cannot help but feel as though the film has flaws. I feel as though the plot is very simple in essence and is just how DiCaprio's character survives and how he obtains vengeance. However I never feel as though the moral Innaritu was trying to portray at moments in the movie is fully expressed. It was almost like the film was going to go in a more morally conscious direction but was changed. However the movie is still one of the best I have seen in 2015 and is sure to win many awards. Go see it!8.5/10

The Revenant (2015) directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu is about survival in the extreme wilderness. It's also about: revenge, a man coming back from the dead, a historical interpretation of the first settlers in America with the French and Americans encroaching upon Native American territories, and an exploration of what it means to live, and why we live?Watching this is a completely different experience from Iñárritu's last movie, Birdman (2014). Whereas the majority of Birdman was shot in narrow spaces with tight frames following around the central protagonist through narrow corridors and the backstage – which created a feeling of claustrophobia – here it's the complete opposite. The Revenant creates is expansive, with a lot of wide shots and sweeping images of nature, mountains, rivers, waterfalls, the woods, and demonstrates the awesome power of nature in comparison to humans. In some ways the Revenant reminded me of another of my favorite, Terrence Malick's Tree of Life (2011), particularly in the way sometimes beautiful random shots of nature interjects the film for a few seconds, but unlike that movie, Revenant contains a cohesive narrative structure that's much easier to follow. (Note: turns out my instincts were correct on the visual resonance to The Tree of Life. On checking IBDb it turns out that the cinematographer for this movie is Emmanuel Lubezki, who was also the director of photography for The Tree Life and multiple other Terrence Malick projects.)My favorite parts of the movie contained shots of nature where a character, usually Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) was alone in the wilderness. They were without any dialogues, accompanied by just the sound of nature like a roaring waterfall, or sound of melting snow from treetops, or instrumental sounds (especially the drum beats) evoking something very primal. The use of drums in a few key scenes during the later half of the movie, sounded like it did in Iñárritu's Birdman (must be his signature style). Although, I think it's far more effective in The Revenant, since sound is used so sparingly that when it is utilized, you pay attention. For example, the thumping of the drums reminded me of racing heartbeats during crucial moments of life and death.In this movie, the director constantly experiments with perspectives and innovative camera-work. A lot of the perspectives in this movie is really unusual. In the beginning, during an important battle, I found the camera angle so unsettling – it felt like the viewer was a child, standing very close and looking up to the characters. The shots were taken from the waist, and from an uncomfortably close proximity, as arrows flung, and people fell to their deaths unexpectedly. Also, a lot of the violence in the movie is captured from up-close that it looks real, and the viewers also experience the pain, shock, and surprise. This is a visceral, immersive cinematic experience. I also appreciated the fact, that you can literally see the camera lens get foggy when the camera zooms in at least 3- 4 from what I counted, and the viewer knows that it's really, really cold in actuality and the shot is not some CGI trick. I loved the soundtrack; combined with the visuals, it's probably the best marriage between video and audio I have heard in a long time. The Native American languages spoken in this movie, also sounded very melodic to me.The cinematography with it's sweeping landscapes, and the exceptional soundtrack need to be experienced on a big screen to appreciate the grand scale of nature. If you are a student of photography, you will love this movie. I was so engrossed in the visuals of this movie, particularly the landscapes, and the way the cinematography captures the changing seasons that I kept missing some minor events that were happening to the characters in the movie.For full review see: http://www.artspeaksy.com/the-revenant-movie-review/

Leonardo DiCaprio is basically just screaming at this point in life. The movie stunk. I think people forgot that movies are supposed to be enjoyable. Even though things keep happening, with Indians and fighting and killing, I didn't give a darn about the movie or anyone anyone in it. I kept looking at the time. Which dragged on and on.This movie didn't have 5 minutes of story, let alone 2.5 hours. There's one cool scene, and it lasts 3 seconds. Coolish.Don't believe the trailer. They hyped this garbage up, and put in a plot, but there is none; just like with The Grey. You want to see it because of Leonardo Dicaprio. Do yourself a favor and cry yourself to sleep instead.

The Revenant is a drama/thriller film based on the story by Michael Punke about a frontiersman named Hugh Glass. Glass sets out on a path of revenge after witnessing his son's death at the hands of the man who left him to die. Directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu.The excellent cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki really brought this film to life on almost all levels. It greatly enhanced the acting by creating an immense sense of realism throughout the entire film. However, The Revenant easily could have been a 2 hour and 15 minute film, as opposed to 2 hours and 36, and still send the same message. Lengthy shots of Glass' surroundings and very little dialogue made this film feel a little longer than it was. The direction, however, was on point by Mr. Iñárritu the entire way, and every other aspect of the film was too, except for the plot. Very one dimensionally, the Revenant's entire storyline is focused on revenge, and that's about it, sure there was more dialogue and some beautifully choreographed action scenes in the beginning, but the rest of the film was mainly just Glass dragging himself hundreds of miles across almost impossibly tricky terrain. DiCaprio, Hardy, and Gleeson's performances were very good, along with the direction and the cinematography. It is a shame that these three actors, plus Mr. Iñárritu, and Mr. Lubezki, all teamed up for a film with a weak screenplay with not much too it. It would be great too see a similar combo of actors, directors, and cinematographers team up for a much more well-rounded film.Direction: 9/10 Cinematography: 10/10 Acting: 9/10 Music: 8/10 Screenplay: 4/10Overall: 8/10

Immediately forgettable, because no emotional connection is established between the characters and audience. As you are watching, you find yourself asking "Why isn't this working?" and, as you walk out of the theater, you're still wondering "Why?" One answer is the characters are single dimensional; another, the editing is confused, chopped. A third, scenes of nature, the outdoors, environment, locale, etc that should be integral to the emotions, but are not evocative, and seem to have been filmed, then interspersed periodically for no reason and to little effect. David Lean could use the locale to tell the story. This director cannot or does not. Im sorry to say these things, because I was really looking forward to the movie.

It should win an Academy Award for realistic looking cinematography. I kept thinking this was going to eventually be a great movie because it looked so good.After awhile I realized it was a tired old script: Cowboys and Indians; kidnapped daughter; killed son; Revenge; Blood and guts and suffering; Leo is the only one who has a GPS in his head.There was no need to waste so much talent and money making this film. You could watch a medical surgery flick or attend a hospital's Emergency Room on a Saturday night and achieved the same result.This is line #10 which is required. I've run out material.

I heard of this movie before i went to see it.. and as everyone said it is a great film I where really looking forward to see it (especially as the trailer is quite good).Well after I have watched it now, I have to say this movie is one of the worst I have ever seen! It is unbelievable long (the boring way of long) and there are more logical errors than in all movies I have watched before combined. This features superhuman strengths, sudden changes in depletion level and more.Everyone who knows a little bit about survival and bush-crafting will have the strong desire to leave the cinema instantly.So from my side: Don't waste your time, don't watch this one

This movie is only good for the scenery. If you want two and a half hours of scenery and seeing a man grunting and crawling, you should watch this movie. If you value your time and want to watch something worth watching in your two and a half hours avoid this movie. After one and a half hours the same person is still crawling and groaning and breathing heavy. I edited it as so many scenes take so much time and there is nothing but scenery. Then you get back to groaning and crawling. This movie should have been a 45 minute movie but it is a painstaking two and a half hours. Go to the last 30 minutes after the first 30 minutes and maybe it is a redeemable movie. This movie is so boring that an insomniac will fall asleep with all of the groaning and snoozing and grunts. I could easily edit this movie to 30 minutes and nothing would be lost and at 30 minutes it would be interesting. I must give this the worst movie of the year award and it should have gone straight to CD not even DVD. I can't understand how many people like this movie. The story is better than movie and takes much less time to read.

I truly hoped to finally enjoy a decent outing at the movies. I haven't seen a decent flick at the cinema in over a year. 2015 was very painful for a fan of the silver screen with such duds as Black Mass, Crimson Peak and Sicario all previewed with that ol' Miramax feel, a brand of underground hits from the 1990's which featured great casts and crew. I also was duped into the Hollywood hype-train flicks like Ant Man, Jurassic World and The Martian... Lord knows I was finally going to get a decent flick here with Leo and Hardy, even though Inarritu's Birdman was pure garbage, IMO. Unfortunately, this ain't happening, not today. Without spoiling anything vital to the story. I will say that you will see an exact copy of the early scene in Saving Private Ryan at the beaches of Normandy, only this time it will feature cowboys (fur traders) vs Indians. You will see Leo saved from brutally cold weather in the belly of a Tauntaun like in The Empire Strikes Back, I'm sorry I meant Luke saved in the belly of a horse!? I will also say that you will see Tom Hardy do a completely outstanding job of emulating the Tom Berenger role in Platoon, however, in this flick he will be rolling around in the snow and the scar will be worn on his scalp, not on his face. Kudos to Hardy cause he really sounded like Sgt. Barnes. Hardy enjoying a smoke off a pipe really sealed the deal for me. I will also say that this script has the same revenge motif used several times before, primarily in Braveheart and Gladiator. The end result is a ton of wasted scenes featuring snowy mountains, snowy trees and snowy rivers, all of which seemed like they were stolen from, or at the very least, inspired by Godfrey Reggio. Needless to say, I could easily see Leo signing on to this Inarritu project after the Birdman hype because, Hey! if he could get Michael Keaton a best actor award... Bottom line, a bunch of pretentious garbage by Hollywood and their new favorite hack director.

OK..... where to start.... If you know nothing about movies and have no prior history of film history, then you'll think this is an awesome, gripping and original movie.... But.... if you've seen Jeremiah Johnson, A Man Called Horse, Dances with Wolves, .... and can place them in context/their time you can cleary see this script is a total ripoff of those movies (eventhough it seems to be based on a book) and only has the great camera-work going for it. Those other movies were groundbreaking and had phenomenal actors. This one is not, but young moviegoers will probably be fooled. DiCaprio really tries to prove himself as a great actor in this movie, I'll give him that.... but he fails miserably.... proving he doesn't come close to the likes of Robert Redford, Newman, Brando,.... not by a long shot... Christian Bale might have kicked ass in this role though.... And the worst of all, I kid you not, without giving a spoiler away, there's an entire scene that comes straight from The Empire Strikes Back!!!!! Watch the movie and you'll see, it's so obvious.....At least they should have made some "Thanks to" or "Inspired by viewing".... acknowledgments...Sorry, but no thanks. the movie as such was certainly not bad if you don't take the above into account, but doesn't stand by its own at all and is just a mix of great (old) movies ripped off without giving them the merrit they deserve. No thanks..... On the bright side, Domhnall Gleeson and Tom Hardy were excellent.

First of all, Dicaprio gives performance of a lifetime,i am a huge fan of him anyways but this performance tops any of his past performances.the music is so good that its unreal, keeps you in the movie at all times. even though its a long ride but every second is worth your attention.this is my first review for any movie but it would have been selfish and dishonest to not appreciate a movie like this.Hands down for the director and the rest of the case as well. VISUALLY AMAZING, TOP DIALOGUE, EXTRA ORDINARY MUSIC, AND DECAPRIO my friend, you are the BEST!

*warning may contain spoilers*I really do not understand the good reviews. I had to stop 3 quarters into this joke of a movie. No story. Bunch of killings. The star character (Dicaprio) has more souls than a cat. He gets mauled by a bear yet can walk, talk, and survive. He survives with drenched clothes in the freezing wilderness. He Flys off a cliff, and you guessed it, still lives. I love Leo, and no words can describe my utter disappointment. The story is non existent, only killing and killing and killing. One native American looking for his daughter, one white man looking for revenge maybe? Or just trying to survive, and another white crook who killed his son. Spare yourself, unless nice shots and graphics is all you care about !

Maybe I am the first one to say this but this movie is god awful. If I could give it a negative rating I would. I don't know when directors got the notion that a long movie makes for a good movie. Whatever became of good editing? I fell asleep watching Leo DiCaprio limp through the snow for 2.5 hours. Sure it's a tale of fierce determination, but really, it could have been told in 90 minutes with no loss in quality or character development. I feel that the movie was horrifically bad and would present a strong cure for insomnia. Out of mercy's sake, I would volunteer to jump into the movie and shoot him dead; to put him out AND the audience out of misery. Please note this is not a death threat but only an improvement to the waning plot. The movie is incredibly Hollywood-predictable to make me laugh out loud, even if it's based on a true story.SPOILER ALERT: In retrospect, if I saw this movie again, I would root for the bear. Hopefully the academy has some sense and realizes that they should not agree that this is good cinema just because that's what everyone else is saying...I say that the emperor has no clothes!

Technical achievements aside, The Revenant is a pretty hollow and depressing experience. Lacking diversity in tone and exploiting a unique combination of time period and environment to tell a tired revenge narrative. The story is too basic to be set against such a complex backdrop. You've got colonial politics, genocide, a civil war (Which wasn't even brought up until the third act) and yet at the centre, the emotional core, all there is is just a revenge movie. No problem with that at all. It is a problem though when it's a matter of KFC being served on silverware. The best this film can provide is to watch poor Leo suffering for an hour for the pleasure of people who don't want to sit through the Oscars. When I see rape used as a cynical attempt at an audience pop, I know then this is not my kind of film. That being said, the biggest pop from the audience i was with was when Hardy's character had his fingers cut. This is from a film featuring such highlights as a one shot bear mauling, graphic arrow injury detail and all other types of contemporary award bait. Finger chopping. That's what did it for people and that was because Hardy was the most interesting thing in this hawkish misery. A character, not a plot device or a motivation, but a character, with layers. What a luxury! It's so sad that it's usually the little things messed up during Oscar season. Puts the work of so many talented craftsman to waste. In short, i did like The Revenant, in the cut they chose to release. It was passable. But considering it's ambition, so painfully evident on screen, passable just isn't good enough.

The movie was simply put too monotonous/boring in my humble opinion. Sometimes less is more but in this particular case it would have been better if we actually got to see something else than Leo walking around in the snow. The story was also not very compelling which makes me doubt why so many people seem to think that this was a "great movie". I can sum up the entire movie in two convoluted sentences: Leo plays a person who is part of a small group of frontiersmen who are at war with the natives. Leo gets attacked by a bear, almost dies, remains crippled due to the attack for the majority of the movie, watches his son getting killed by a fellow frontiersman while being unable to do anything about it, gets left behind in the wilderness to die (by the aforementioned traitor), seeks revenge, gets revenge, end of the movie. It was pretty disappointing and totally predictable (the end, that is).

I personally found this movie to be boring. Definitely one of the most boring movies I've ever seen. Yes, it looks good visually, but that's all it has going for it. Even when something was happening, nothing happened. They easily could have cut an hour out and it still would have been boring, but at least it would have been so long and drawn out. I feel that this is probably one of those movies that people will claim to like because it's the popular thing to do. But seriously, how many times can look at CG trees and still be amazed at how real they look? In the end, this was two and a half hours of my life that I'll never get back.

There is a giant flaw in current major Hollywood productions; the essential art of telling a good story.We desperately need writers who can produce strong screenplays with plots that develop and hold our interest throughout a film. And we need directors and editors who are able to seamlessly weave together a story through film. We do not need a bunch of scenes tacked together and called a movie.The Revenant being hailed as a great film is a travesty to movie- making. It's a movie without a story, something far too common these days in Hollywood.

As my title says - I have great expectations on this movie. Potential Oscar winner, Leo DiCaprio, blah-blah. The only good thing on the whole movie is the cinematography, the way the movie is shot and nothing else. Even at the middle of this disappointment u can get with a question "Why the hell Leo is here, Chuck Norris will fit way better of that role of the undying revenging animal". And by saying animal ... yeah the bear was the worst CGI i ever saw. Sorry - 1/10 for the big expectations and very trashy movie. :/ 1/10 mean u can watch the movie, but if you wanna save few brain cells - better find something better, like American ninja 4 - same plot, different characters!

The upsides to revenant --Lots of gritty action --Decent special effects --Good acting --Good cinematography --Good costumes--Downside, the entire script is based on knowing an audience's attention span is 15 minutes, make the story mesh for 15 minutes, and then you can start over from scratch, as long as you keep them engrossed in the action--The Pawnee, a Midwest tribe in Nebraska, ending up in the mountain ranges of British Columbia is ridiculous. --The French traders are making a living trading fur with the Indians, but they kidnap a Pawnee Indian girl from one of the tribes they trade with and serial rape her, and kill a stray Pawnee Indian they come across (the french can verbally communicate with the Pawnee) and hang a sign on his body written in french (the Pawnee speak french), the whole thing was done to create an additional antagonist, Hollywood style. The reality is, people (even evil French), would never jeopardize their business and lives in this fashion. --Our protagonist gets cold and manages to generate a fire with a flint and black powder, all well and good. THEN our protagonist is caught up in a river that is below freezing, he goes over waterfalls, through raging rapids, finds a tree piece to cling to and after several more minutes lands safely on land. The life expectancy for someone with a ravaged sickly body in such water is under 15 minutes. Our hero climbs onto shore, the camera pans somewhere else, and comes back to out hero with a blazing fire. EVEN if the guy still had some black powder (which he doesn't, he left it behind), it would never be able to start a fire with wet powder.--Our hero comes upon the French and sorta saves the Pawnee Indian girl (in British Columbia), and takes a good ole black powder pistol, maybe its a flintlock, maybe. In any event, he takes the pistol, and some how manages to get off 3-4 shots with that one shot pistol, taking down Bad guys while riding a horse. Then later he gets set upon by a pack of Indians, and gets off a few more shots, taking out Indians while riding horse back, ladies and gentlemen, I give you the SEMI AUTOMATIC black powder pistol(Glass was bear mauled in the 1820s, so it was a semi automatic cap and ball pistol folks).--Now we come to the climax. The bad guy runs off with the company money and two guys go after him. This is WITH the knowledge that the guy has taken everyone's pay, is heavily armed and the country side is crawling with misplaced enraged Pawnee tribes. TWO guys go out to get the baddee. Not likely, in reality the fort would have sent as many people as it could spare.I'm not going to bother to elaborate about the real facts of the Glass bear attack; that there was no revenge factor after Glass was mauled by a bear. He had no children. That he was in fact mauled during summer. That the colleagues of Glass killed the she bear and nursed Glass back to health, somewhere in the sunny midwest (not BC in the winter). Finally, the movie does not say at the end that no animals were brought to harm, I know they used puppets and special effects in some cases for the animals, but if in fact animals were not brought to harm in the making of this movie, it WOULD say so in the credits. -IE, animals were killed in the making of this movie

Here comes 3 hours movie in 10 sentences:SPOILER ALERT: Plot: There is some fight between Indians and Americans. Leonardo got into the fight. He also get attacked and wounded by the bear. His friends left him alone. His son got killed. He somehow survives, eating bones,leaves and fishes. He can make fire when ever he wants, never mind, if snowing or he just came out of river. Then he met other Indian, who helped him. But this Indian got killed by French guys. Then Leonardo's horse got killed and has to sleep inside his horse. Then spring comes, and he comes out of the dead horse. Then they found him. Then he chased the guy, who killed his son. And that's pretty much all.

The opening sequences are fantastic and should be seen on as big a screen as possible. Tom Hardy's character was by far the most multi-dimensional and characteristic. The cinematography was astonishing in every aspect, the acting  was great, but the story was monotonous and slow paced. Good cinematography and camera-work, and superb acting all round. From the films I have seen so far it should definitely win Best Cinematography. The scenery and backdrops are epic in scale and totally immersive. Tom Hardy blows Leo off screen for acting ability in this movie. Leo's role had a lot of crawling and moaning and groaning compared to what Hardy's role where in certain scenes he spoke with his eyes. The natural landscape and some of the scenes are overwhelming and spectacular! Sadly, this film borrows too much from the equations of Saving Private Ryan, (extraordinary opening battle scene) n Gladiator with snow, (the wife and son flashbacks were way too similar and predictable). Tom Hardy adds a lively touch to a rather slow film. He's menacing, truly intimidating and sometimes, his eyes speak more than his actions. I was wondering why a fish would be eaten raw when there is a fire just feet away? The story itself is a typical survival tale, rote and predictable, with more than a touch of Terrance Mallick's inspiration. The Cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki is very similar to what he did in Mallick's movies. Mirrione has had a notable collaboration with director Steven Soderbergh n he did a terrific job in all Ocean's trilogy but with Alejandro he gets lazy. He did a lazy job for Babel n again a lazy job for the revenant. This is the type of film you must see in the theaters, the experience is just heart pounding and exciting but in the past there have been better survival n revenge dramas. Sure thing, everyone likes Leo including me. He deserves an Oscar but at least not for this role.

The movie is nothing more than a Hollywood ripoff. See "Man in the Wilderness". (1971). Starring Richard Harris and John Huston. This includes the bear attack and left for dead. An Absolute RIPOFF. Sorry this is a joke just like Leo for doing such a sham! The same can be said of Will Smith's I am Legend. A Hollywood Ripoff of the Omega Man. (1971). Starring Charlton Heston Anthony Zerbe. Right down to the zombies and his blood cure.When will Hollywood get through their heads that just changing the title and actors doesn't make this a different film. This is a ripoff of a classic film.Leo should be embarrassed!

'Birdman' introduced Alejandro G. Iñárritu into the limelight last award season, virtually stealing the Oscars with 9 nominations and 4 wins including Best picture and Directing. Now a year later and it's the same story with 'The Revenant' being nominated for 12 this time round. The academy aside... Can it really be as good as everyone is saying?No. Good would be an understatement.'The Revenant' is and will always be one of those very rare films that weren't just a trip to the cinema, but an experience. With the film being a lengthy 2 hours 36 minutes I was pleasantly surprised that I never had the urge to check my watch, because of how well the film pulled me in. We are thrown into an intense, brisk, frozen adventure of pure revenge but with far more depth and meaning than you may think. Iñárritu uses his seemingly signature long takes to completely submerged the viewer in the freezing temperatures, along with using natural light and wide angle lenses to show the vast landscapes and real settings that the characters are trying to survive in. Leonardo DiCaprio's 'Hugh Glass' as the desperate protagonist abandoned by his fellow hunters after a brutal encounter with a bear, serves up one of his best ever performances. Showing that he is more than capable of expressing deep emotions with minimal dialogue. Tom Hardy's 'John Fitzgerald' is an amazing antagonist who is being hunted by Glass to seek revenge for leaving him for Dead. Hardy was great in the role, adding yet another outstanding performance to his near flawless track record of films and performances. Domhnall Gleeson is also in the film as the hunting group's leader who does a decent job, further cementing his status as an actor to watch out for with cinema-goers. Whilst the plot may sound relatively simple for a 2 and a half hour film, you will never even think about the time as you'll be so immersed in the dramatic, adventure thrill ride that you'll start to shiver from the frozen environment. A must see for everyone!

This movie was so awesome that it actually convinced me of writing my first review. Let's start with the good: very nice winter scenery with top notch acting from Leonard DiCaprio. There's also lots of action scenes, but did not find myself caring too much about the outcome. The bad: very slow paced story about Chuck Norris crawling in the snow in the 1800's. First 2 hours are about Glass surviving a bear maul attack, being left for dead in a frozen forest with no water or food, survives being dragged in a freezing river for miles, survives falling on a horse of a cliff, etc. Come on, really? Then the revenge part takes about 20 minutes: the bad guy flees an army fort with all the money, and only 2 people go after him. Really? I was so bored I actually noticed the sound track being really weird: it sounded like a broken dripping faucet and it left me wondering if that's really a sound that can be heard in a frozen forest during winter. Anyway, to sum it up, I'm really disappointed for wasting 2.5 hours to see this.

At 156 minutes, "The Revenant" is unwatchable, so it wasn't. After an hour, instead skipped to watch a minute every three or four through to the last twenty minutes which encapsulates the final conflict between John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Hugh Glass). Nothing was missed for in between is Glass grimacing left then right.There is a harrowing, savage bear attack leading to Glass hanging to life by a slender thread. Oddly, all that came to mind is how the effects were accomplished. That goes to a lack of empathy for protagonist Glass.This is a film of unquestioned artistic merit. Though some gush about the cinematography, it is merely serviceable. It's not the cinematography that's beautiful, it's the wilderness. All that's required of an available light cinematographer is to set the frame and F-stop. The actors most likely kissed pavement back in civilization after shooting this demanding film. They did well under the circumstances, particularly DiCaprio. The villain is the director and the unreachable allegory he wrote on the script pages.In "Jodorowsky's Dune," the titular director made a few memorable Seventies' films. When pitching "Dune," the studios requested a standard length film - 120 minutes (not viable for a film from a story this complex). But Jodorowsky wondered why it couldn't be ten hours or twenty hours. He was clueless why the studios weren't funding him. The doc is in part the story of a delusional, out-of-control ego. The viewer may wish to slap his face. Enter Alejandro González Iñárritu who also appears to have an ego of the same dimensions.God bless the artists, but not those who trade their expression for self aggrandizement. Not only is "The Revenant" a vanity project, it is Oscar bait.Awards should be given to those brave enough to sit through this slog. It is a simple story raised to the power of crashing bore. "The Revenant" is nearly incomprehensible, and filled with spiritual mumbo-jumbo even Iñárritu most likely can't explain.See this if you relish masochism. It's a bet this film will bomb. Maybe that will awaken Iñárritu. He's a genius. He just doesn't know how to connect with an audience. He certainly doesn't here.

Title says it all, tied with 2 others for best movie I've seen in a decade? I do watch them, movies, sometimes, just this one is so vastly superior. 20/10 I honestly didn't think I'd like it, Mr. DiCaprio isn't a fav and the premise seemed weak to me, I've lived sorta close to this kind of experience before, so it's kinda old-hat to me. And then I watched it twice. I did not waste my time, I had to watch it again, it was just that good. I do gotta say that the lack of concern about staying wet and cold bothered me a lot. I got moderate hypothermia one spring when I was a teen by falling asleep with no blankets or padding on the floor of a concrete porch at 5-7 Celsius, and the hero goes over a waterfall series and then floats for what seems like hours, then doesn't even light a fire and get dry right away before it fades to black on him? First watch through, I swore he was a gonna, no doubt in my mind.ANd I still couldn't blink. But the whole cast and crew deserve an Oscar each, pulling off that level of "I can't take my eyes off it even to blink" in SPITE of an issue that for me would normally kill my interest marks this truly one of the best flicks ever. I'm even gonna push this one on my unsuspecting friends. They'll thank me for it, I'm sure. ANd I am a very harsh critic who is normally silent, particularly about this sort of film,but I logged in here just because I had to comment somewhere about this real modern marvel of the world. Must have been filmed somewhere near BC, Canada, this looked just like my backyard 5 years ago, and my experiences were based in a valley coulda been the one he drinks water from that first time, I honestly couldn't tell the diff.

This film and is awful. The worst film I've ever seen in my whole life. What is it even about? Leonardo crawling about the snow after being attacked by a bear and getting his son killed. Crawling about injured half dying like a smack head from drumchapel shopping centre eating creatures and raw fish. Then miraculously gets strength to fight back and kill people to get revenge for his sons death that he caused in the first place. Nah tom hardy should have gutted him like the pikey he is and left him not even bothered to finish him never mind be kind enough to dig him a grave. I was looking forward to this film and am so disgusted I wish bear grylls would jump out a tree and rip leonardos face off hope tom hardy finishes the job. Leonardo should have just let the bear finish him and then his son would not have died. I have a new ending.......leonardo is attacked by the bear and everyone else just eats him and lives happily ever after x

Only in Hollywood could they take the life of Hugh Glass - a man whose story needs no embellishment to rate as "astonishing" - and subvert it to the point of disgrace. Using the rough outline of the Glass arc, this movie adds absurd and, more vitally, totally unnecessary plot lines about sex slave Indian daughters and martyred, fictional sons and all manner of other rote plot devices in order to - I guess? - try and dramatize a story about a guy who *literally* crawled 200 miles without skin on his back in order to save his own life. As if Hugh needed the posthumous help.Hardy might win an Oscar for his excellent performance as foil and I'm sure Leo will get plenty of hype for grunting his way through 150 minutes. But man, they're both just shadows cast behind a movie that could have been great.The writers could have fictionalized a plot loosely based on Glass's life and rightly called it fiction. Or they could have made a great movie about what actually happened and sold it as truth. Instead, they manage go wrong in both directions. "The Revenant" dishonors Hugh Glass, disrespects its audience, and desecrates a tale worth being told much better than this. Your time would be better spent sleeping inside a dead horse.

Yes, this is a visually beautiful movie. The cinematography is stunning. BUT, I just couldn't get past the unbelievability of this movie. There is no way that any human being could have survived what Leo did in this movie. First of all, it takes place in the high mountains in the dead of a cold, snowy winter. He does not wear gloves and his fingers don't get frost bite; he falls into a frigid grand rapid river, down multiple waterfalls and doesn't instantly freeze to death; he continues crawling around in those wet clothes in the snow and still doesn't freeze to death; he's mauled by a bear, including the bear ripping a giant hole in his throat that the water he drinks pours out of and said bear dying on top of him, and he doesn't bleed to death or get crushed to death; he and his horse take a leap off a 150' cliff, the horse is splattered on the ground but Leo miraculously lands in the top of a tree and somehow survives; need I go on?The movie is excruciatingly long at 2 1/2 hours. It was torture. I actually tried to kill time in the bathroom. Go see Spotlight instead. That's the Academy Award worthy picture.

The Revenant exists only as Oscar-bait, and I have no doubt that DiCaprio deserves the award for such a brutal role in tough conditions. However, the rest of the film serves absolutely zero purpose, has no deeper meaning, barely any story beyond the struggle for survival, and almost collapses under the weight of its own self- importance. This is not the first time that the story of Hugh Glass has been brought to life, but its certainly the most alienating and depressing.We've seen this struggle done before. Tom Hanks in Cast Away is a lasting example of an actor putting their body through hell and going full-on cave man. Cast Away also dealt with the themes of loneliness, sanity, and the need for direction. In the Revenant I knew almost nothing of the inner workings of Glass or Fitzgerald (a rather over-rated Tom Hardy performance). Glass seems to cope just fine with being alone (the pretentious hallucinations of his family only puzzled me), but I have a feeling that this was not the intention. As for direction (within the movie, I mean) it is noble that all of it was shot on location but there is no sense of space or place. We never know where any of these characters are in relation to each other. Every new location looks different from the last but we never have any orientation or a grasp of the greater landscape. All it would have taken is a five second shot of a map with any random character saying "here we are, and this is where we are going".Alejandro González Iñárritu's pompous style of long, long takes is completely inappropriate for this material and it took me out of the movie every time he tried to pull it off. I don't want to believe I am watching a documentary. I want to be excited and feel tension. The bear attack scene was brutal, but I would have felt more fear and anxiety had it actually be edited than done in one long shot. This kind of direction is not the antidote to Michael Bay's 1000 cuts in a minute nonsense. It was a mistake to shoot the film like this. Totally unnecessary.As for the cinematography, a lot of people are praising it but it left me unimpressed. I admire the fact that they fought to shoot it all under natural light but almost every shot was wide and flat, wide and flat, wide and flat, wide and flat. Not once was I in awe of any spectacle or breathtaking natural beauty. Attenborough documentaries are shot better than this and spend less time on indulgent cutaways. Perhaps the grain and texture of 35mm could have fixed this.If you want a one man against nature story of survival then watch Cast Away. If a grisly tale of genocide against a new world backdrop is what you are after then Apocalypto is much better. The Revenant bored me and I walked out of the cinema immensely disappointed.

This movie suffered and I suffered watching it. It suffered from repeated cliché after cliché after cliché. The characters were all one sided "bad man is bad", "good man is good", "son is ...a son", etc.Visually this movie looks amazing. Major props to the props department! I saw the trailers for this movie and thought 'wow, that looks cool!' and I was DEEPLY wrong. This movie was cringe worthy bad about rehashing all of the old tropes of the exact same movies like it. At no point did I truly not know where it was going or who was going to succeed in any goals any characters might have. I was even able to predict who would die ahead of time, I won't spoil anything because I don't have to. When you see the movie you'll say to yourself 'welp that guy's gonna die now' and he will EVERY TIME YOU SAY THAT.You can go ahead and watch the movie for yourself but I'm just saying it's not worth 2 and half hours of your time, your time is precious I'm sure. I hate that this movie was bad, I wanted it to be good constantly while watching it but it just wasn't...The only good scene in the whole thing really is one from the trailer and at the very beginning of the movie, I can't say which scene because I want this to be a 'spoiler-free' review. It's the first pivotal event in the film. Subtle enough? 2 stars for the props and overall dreary filming locations alone.

Cinematography- Within 10 minutes it's clear why this is an obvious win. No movie,in a long time, let alone this year has looked as strikingly beautiful.Director- Alejandro Inarritu has again proved his ability to make a movie both beautiful and entertaining. He's able to craft a great story, getting the best from his actors against the backdrop of beautiful scenes.Actor- Leo DiCaprio again delivers a top notch performance proving he is one of the best actors of his generation. The fact that he hasn't won yet proves what a joke the Oscars are. DiCaprio plays Glass, who after a vicious attack is not only abandoned to die but must witness the demise of his only son. Braving a never ending barrage of Indian attacks and the unimaginably cruel elements of Mother Nature while he struggles to survive and return home. (Tobe fair, Matt Damon might have been a little better I The Martian, but it's Leo's time).Supporting Actor- Tom Hardy's performance is the true standout of the film, as he is actually much better in his role than Leo is in his, and that isn't a knock on Leo's performance it's just that Hardy was that good. Hardy plays Fitzgerald, a cold blooded, perpetually angry ex- Texas military man who is outraged by the mere presence of Glass (the expeditions scout) and his half Native American son. After the attack on Glass Fitzgerald takes it upon himself to decide Glass's fate & the fate of any man who would stand in his way. The strolls into town to collect the money owed him for doing right by Glass. All in all Hardy plays the role of a scumbag perfectly and shows a true mastery of his craft I scenes where he discusses his scalping and his father's view on God. It is a true shame that Stallone will probably win for nostalgic reasons when Hardy was truly the best.I don't think it should win best picture or screenplay since it does get a little muddled and slightly repetitive in the middle, but still a fantastic movie that really makes you appreciate how easily we, as a whole, have it.

This film should have been edited down by forty minutes. We got the message of man vs. man vs. nature very quickly. Nature is beautiful but cruel, and man in his natural, lawless state is more cruel than that. Sure, the photography is beautiful, and the actors are props, not much different than the CG bear. The only character shown in closeup was Glass/DiCaprio; all the others are blurry, bearded faces given sparse, barely articulate dialogue. The Indian-language words are accompanied by subtitles, but so should have been the words spoken in English. And you could hardly write a spoiler, because there is a resolution to only part of the main character's adventure.

I wasn't sure what to expect from this film. I didn't know much about it before I went to see it with my girlfriend but I knew it had Leo and Tom Hardy in who I both really like so I was expecting a decent movie.It has enough to keep you interested right up until Leo becomes incapacitated. Then it gets boring. Long and boring. Now don't get me wrong, I thought the acting was very good but that doesn't do much for me when the story line is dull and dragged out to no end. There are certain scenes which seem to just be thrown in there - like the dreams he has of his wife... I'm not sure if those dreams were meant to be the things that were helping him fight on but I didn't get that impression. Not much was given about the background of the characters so it was hard to feel sympathy for them and in particular, there was barely any relationship shown between him and his son, so when he dies it isn't as sad as it could of been.The actual story line is the most basic of all time, I am baffled at those who have said it is a great story line. Man seeks revenge for murdered family member. Like that hasn't happened before... Then there is the side story of the Native American looking for his daughter. It felt like that was just thrown in there because viewers couldn't concentrate on a 30 minute scene of Leo on his own so they thought they could distract the viewer temporarily, before getting back to the quiet dullness of the main plot.Everything just seemed to be slotted in, in a kind of 'oh by the way..' fashion. No depth in any of the characters in my opinion. All that being said - my girlfriend said she liked it although agreed the plot was poor. She liked the scenery and the acting. I agree with her on those things, but it needs a half decent plot to bring it together which unfortunately the film severely lacked.

First of all, know this is a guy movie. Blood, revenge, action. Over and over again. And for you guys, you might get encouraged by that. But I would warn against getting excited, because this film is essentially a let down. Also be prepared for a politically correct lecture.There were rumours of DiCaprio getting an Oscar for this role. No chance! Why? Because it hardly requires a wide dramatic range. The whole film is one mood throughout i.e. depressing. Endless snow, cold, greyness and savagery. And it actually gets a little tedious.I think we're meant to marvel at how DiCaprio survives onslaught after onslaught. But it becomes a parody. A bear attack, falling off a cliff, starving, almost drowning. The list goes on. And yet DiCaprio just keeps on going like a Duracell rabbit. They overdid it basically.I wanted to enjoy this film. And Tom Hardy's predictably convincing part almost saved it. But there's only so much torture, pain and snow I can take. Add to that the politically correct message repeated over and over about whitey taking Indian land. We get it, white man bad, Indian man good!I give it a 3, because it was nothing special at all. And partly to compensate for the usual fraud brigade rigging these results with ridiculously high ratings!

Awful movie. The worst one i watched this year...(so far). I can't imagine how sick and perverted someone must be to make such a crappy and repulsive film?! Average scenario, flat dialogues, no acting game at all....just rivers of blood everywhere. Too much for my taste, and also for the tastes of many people in the cinema theater - today half of them just left after the first disgusting scene ....and they were so many of them! What was the idea of the movie - some kind of exotic punishment for the audience?! I think "The Revenant" is appropriate for people who love blood, aggression and killings, but it is not for mentally sane people. Watching this movie was totally waste of my time.

Spur of the moment movie decision on a hot afternoon to go see the new DiCaprio vehicle. If you are considering it DON'T! Do your self a favor get toe fungus or diarrhea or something fun like that. If I EVER see the directors name attached to another movie it will take some persuading for me to watch it. The Revenant was possible the worst movie experience I have ever had. The cinematography was painful disorientating far to much whirling around at high speeds from the actors perspective, lots of trees and sky. The dialogue was clichéd stilted and racist without any redeeming quality.The storyline predicable dull there was no drama, the setting was inconsistent one frame the poplar trees have their spring & summer green foliage the next frame its gray snow covered ground middle of winter with trees barren and blizzards at the drop of a hat. Lets look at the plot a man survives not one but two bear attacks in the first 15 minutes. The producers would have had a better scenario setting this movie on another planet or with aliens. Of course he survives being being thrown into a grave a couple handfuls of soil with MASSIVE internal injuries and NO cover in the middle of winter in temperatures that freeze a a body solid not 20 feet away. I could go on for hours but I'm not wasting any more of my life on this believe you me it only gets worse! Every movie goer willing suspends belief in reality when entering a theater. It's what we do to allow the magic of a movie to capture our imaginations to inspire and entertain us. This movie insults, degrades and then destroys that willingness in the first 20 minutes and then gets worse. Its getting 1 for the scenery, stunning countryside shame it had to be an unwilling participant in this travesty of movie making.

Wow. What a classic. What an absolute legend of a motion picture. I don't often give out 10/10s, but when I do it tends to be for the sort of brutal, cynical edge-of-your-seat madness that The Revenant thrives on. I really liked Birdman, but Innaritu has done some of his best work here. From the cinematography to the performances to the technical finesse to totally maddening brutality, this is a masterpiece of epic proportions. With regards to immersion, there are sort of two types of films. Some, like the works of Goddard, seem to want to have us think intellectually about the movie, to interact with the movie as a person external to the film interacting with that film. I like these movies, but The Revenant comes from an entirely different world. This is the sort of movie that you get drawn into, where you forget that you are inside a movie theater watching a movie and instead feel the movie at a raw, terrifying, fundamental level. If the frenetic delivery of Birdman was tantamount to jazz, the bare bones brutality of The Revenant is more like industrial metal. I've seen it twice, and intend to go again, and I'd recommend that anyone with eyes and a strong stomach to do the same.

An extraordinary film on many levels: 1. As pure entertainment, give it a quarter hour and you will be hooked. This is a survival/revenge story so pure, so beautifully filmed, at times it seems more like a National Geographic documentary. I guarantee that when you leave the theatre you will think twice about complaining when you shovel the driveway, or when you are tempted to return food in a restaurant because it is undercooked.2. As a clinic in how to direct a film, Iñárritu is at the top of his game. When you think back on what you watched --- and you will think back -- you will have to conclude that the director somehow managed to tell the heavens what weather to provide on any given shooting day; and even arranged for a wild bear to attack on cue but leave the actor alive ..... there are scenes in this movie that you literally will never forget. The "horse motel" for one. And the demonstration that the fastest way to get to the bottom of a mountain when you are being chased is simply to jump off the top of it.3. As a showcase for Hardy, this will become a welcome part of his body of work. I am convinced that Hardy, an actor who acts with his entire body, will be studied and appreciated by audiences of the future. My favorite role of his was Warrior where he practically stole every scene he was in. Child 44 is also worth a watch if you have not seen it.4. Some IMDb members are hard on DiCaprio and they should not be. He is at the stage of his career where he can take a massively "physical" role like without having to worry about fickle fans not approving of his career choices. It is hard to imagine many other actors that could have pulled this off.Not really a film. An experience.

I HATED this movie... There aren't very many movies I can say that about either. I couldn't understand a single word the southerners were saying.. They had subtitles for all the other languages, I feel like I needed it for English as well. That's not even the worst part about it.. Everything was so random and just one thing after another, nothing seemed to make sense! For some reason I have to give 10 lines, but try not to give anything away.. I hate how movies, this one as well, glorify rape. I hate how they show animals getting shot point blank. This guy gets shot, he lives, he gets mauled by a bear, lives, gets buried alive, lives, goes over a waterfall, lives.. I finally walked out after the rape scene and wish I could get my money and time back. It's 2.5 hours of worthless trash.

After viewing this movie, one realizes this film will be remembered more for one harrowing scene (the well-known Grizzly Bear attack) and the way it was made, rather than for the quality of the story or filmic experience itself.DiCaprio, as Hugh Glass, does an adequate job, although 2/3's of his acting involves emoting-through-wheezing. For that alone, almost any competent actor with a range greater than Adam Sandler could have done the part. We get brief glimpses of interesting characters (Domhnall Gleason's Army Lieutenant for one) and way too many scenes of a one- dimensional antagonist, Tom Hardy's Fitzgerald. And the film could have been 20 minutes shorter by eliminating long, meditative (or creatively masturbatory) shots of trees.Already dining out on the "we shot in only natural light! Shot over nine months in the miserably cold outdoors," the film-makers seem unaware that a difficult production with good actors does not necessarily a great movie make. Just ask the folks who made (or un-made, depending on who you ask) "The Island of Dr. Moreau." Tough shoot...apparently a terrible movie."The Revenant" isn't terrible, but it's nowhere near great.

I don't understand all the praise for this film. It was just basically 2+ hours of Leonardo DiCaprio being put through a survival course. His backstory was some low level, basic Disney plot (although even Disney would frown that at backstory by today's standards). & the main plot was just dull & uninteresting.

After all the praises about this film, I took time to watch all of it. It was basically a film about how beautiful winter scenes and weather can be. Other than the nature scenes, I found this boring, distracting, stupid to the point idiotic in certain circumstances, also where Hardy can hardly be understood and his character is ridiculous, and the fact that Leo's character did not die of hypothermia. You have to watch the movie to see what I am talking about The jest of this movie is the story of a man's survival in the wilderness. I will say that the bear scenes were astounding graphic and very realistic to the point that it was amazing that he even survived the attack. If you want to watch it, be my guest but I will not watch it again. And I would recommend to my friends not to waste their time on this movie. The film I would recommend watching is " Man in the Wilderness" 1971, staring Richard Harris and John Huston, who was also the director This film is so much better

This is, simply put, one of the most sadistic films I've ever seen.I read the novel, "Lord Grizzly," by Frederick Manfred, when I was in high school. It told the story of Hugh Glass and it was a good novel.Years later, Richard Harris starred in "Man in the Wilderness," also based on the Hugh Glass story. It wasn't a great movie, but it wasn't bad."The Revenant" is a terrible movie.It's extremely violent at the beginning; extremely boring in the middle; and extremely brutal at the end. George Lucas has said the secret to making a great movie is: Have a great opening, a great ending and try not to screw up the middle.The director of "The Revenant" failed on all three counts. This is why I don't pay any attention to Academy Award nominations any more.

This is one of those movies that is really hard to review because there is so much to look at and inspect. Its like doing an experiment you must look at the data many times before coming up with a conclusion to write about. The cinematography in this movie is the FUTURE. Many will try to re-create and copy what this film has done, but all will fall short. This movie has some of the most jaw-dropping scenes today in the film industry. The bear scene brings CGI to an entirely new level, which many thought was unimaginable. Unfortunately I believe many will critic this movie for its brutality realistic scenes. The amount of effort that went into this movie alone should be enough to earn its spot on top. I wanted to give this movie a 10 so bad but there was just some reason inside that I could not, yet I thought about the movie all day and couldn't think of anything wrong with it; so I came to the conclusion that it is one of those movies that you need to see multiple times before you can even begin to appreciate all the beauty it brings. Leo gives an A1 performance but I can still see the Academy finding a way to not give an Oscar for some technicality like "He didn't have enough lines". Really Tom Hardy was the one that took over any time he was on screen, when he was on screen things were happening and you waited intensely for what he might say next. The ending to this movie was a dream for me and will I already consider it one of my favorite scenes of all time. This movie needs to be watched and studied to even begin to appreciate what Gonzalez has brought to his viewers.

Yeah, a Hollywood actor can survive the mauling by a huge bear. Can survive being buried half-dead in freezing temperatures. Can survive alone and half dead and wounded in freezing temperatures without food and weapons, swimming in freezing cold water, surviving in wet clothes in freezing temperatures . Miraculously this Hollywood actor can suddenly run when necessary while he limped just a second ago. Though finally arriving at a safe spot still half dead , he is immediately able to go out again and fight his enemy. Half of the movie I closed my eyes because I had no desire to watch the gore fest, the beautiful scenery with stolen Ansel Adams images did not make up for the rest. I should have followed my initial instinct. After watching a preview I thought that this was not a movie for me and I was right. Never again will I fall for the hype. Unbelievable.. Disgusting blood orgy.

Whatever may be the rating, the one thing all should agree is "There is no story"One side it was absolutely realistic, showing real blood, real light, flesh, death arrows. OK greatOther side, its absolutely ridiculous. A guy who was cut open from head to toe, swims across freezing water, eats and sleeps, no infection, no disease and stays strong enough to take revenge.Come on, what kind of story is this? I literally puked in many scene. really do you have to show that much blood and flesh in a movie which has a top cast like Di caprio?? It is not a war movie and the violence is not at all necessary in this movie.The crew suddenly vanished once for all and Tom hardy just escapes every one.Seriously, are all other soldiers that lame to let a single man escape ??Serious disaster. Not a good movie to watch with family.If you get to see the rated version DVD, 25% of the movie will be gone in censor.

Don't get me wrong because I've given this movie such low rating. I've always loved DiCaprio's performance. Prior to release, when I read the synopsis and bit googling about Hugh Glass, I started eagerly waiting for the movie. However after watching all I could think was, even if this movie wasn't ever made, nobody would've cared. The problem is not with the acting or direction, cinematography etc. I just don't think it was needed to be made as there's nothing great about it. Now I know there are plenty of movies out there, which we don't care about. But when Leonardo DiCaprio is starring in a movie, it's like you must watch it and enjoy. All this movie's about is survival (which isn't highlighted as I'd hoped for) and revenge. The problem is that these 2 things are sort of ignored by the director. We see lots of Red Indians, French bla bla!! Its hard to explain, perhaps someone with a better command of language can explain better after watching.

I actually feel guilty calling this movie boring. Everyone clearly put in 110% making it. I'm sure they were exhausted every night in their trailers. I know I felt a little weary just vicariously going through their heroic efforts. Fortunately, watching on a computer, I could skip chunks...hurry Leo along a little as he was crawling through some more snow. I felt I was helping him get where he needed to be. By the time he got there (a fort, I think) I was so bored I skipped the entire end. The bear attack was pretty awesome however. This was like turning on the TV to watch a really good show but only getting the static white noise, but then being expected to watch it. The scenery was nice. I like snow.

Could it be that you can let one miracle pass but not dozens? Is it because of all those great actors that don't make any difference at all (lots of grunting and mumbling beards)? Or the utter predictability of the story? Maybe I just can't take the never-ending hunger for revenge anymore, a subject Hollywood just keeps revisiting - over and over.Looks like all it takes to win prizes is some nice visuals, a few good names, professional production. Add a few scenes from American history (maybe some are actually a bit historically correct).During the movie I could not force myself to stop thinking about the terrible cold and hypothermia and how he makes these fires being fully soaked. There are so many miracles, I cannot just shake those off and believe what happens next.I feared it would be something like this, gave it the benefit of the doubt, no luck. Still 3 out of 10 - but not for having a good time watching it.

Boring movie. No plot. Waste of my time and money. Got sucked in by some of the reviews. Even the scenery added to the misery of the whole movie. A person groaning for an hour and half is not my idea of interesting. The only interesting part is where Leo's character gets mauled by a bear. Then back to the snoozefest. I can't believe people actually enjoyed watching this pathetic movie. Worst movie that I watched in 2015. I still can't believe Leo and Tom Hardy were nominated for Academy Awards for this. By the end of half hour of listening to his groaning, I wished the bear had had him for dinner.None of the characters were likable or relatable. Takes a lot more than stunning cinematography to get me excited about a movie. You need plot, great acting, character development, narrative, believability etc and these were all sadly lacking and that made me angry. If I wanted to watch beautiful scenery I can walk outside or watch National Geographic channel. It was very over-rated and over-hyped.

I have never seen Leonardo DiCaprio in any below-the-average movie so I had high expectations watching it. What a shock! The most boring movie I can remember having watched. How can it have 8,2 rating with so many negative reviews? It should have been between 4,5 and 5,5 stars without any doubts.How can people be excited about it? Seriously, I have never written any reviews ever before all these years I have this account in IMDb but l just couldn't stand it. I had to say it and warn others. It was that disappointing.Boring plot, scenario inexistent, too much violence and that ridiculous scene with the bear... all mixed with a direction the cherry on the top of the cake. A direction that could even make someone who just got an ecstasy pill to fall asleep after few minutes. Don't waste your money like most people say here.

My wife didn't want to see The Revenant because she thought it might've been a bit blokey with all manner of violence and blood and miscellaneous gore. And in truth she probably wouldn't have liked it very much. So I went with a blokey-bloke , on a sort of mandate but there certainly wasn't any handholding and personal spaces were very much respected.The movie is about a grizzled frontiersman with good teeth who, in the tradition of cinematic grizzled frontiersman was married to a native American who dies when she is shot and a bird flies out of her. The grizzled frontiersman with good teeth is called 'Glass' and played by Lenny DiCaprio Glass and his mates slaughter gazillions of merkins and they are attacked by vengeful native Americans who force them to row down the river. They get off the boat for reasons that eluded me but there were icebergs.Glass sees some bear cubs and their mother sees him and, possibly having experience with grizzled frontiersmen with guns (or perhaps she had seen 'Titanic'), gives him an absolute flogging. She ambles off happy that lessons have been learned but they haven't and she returns to give him an even more severer lesson and Glass shoots her and stabs her and she is dead. We are given no information on what happens to the cubs. I hope they survived.Glass doesn't die but more bad stuff happens to him than you could poke a stick at and he is bent on revenge. Most of the bad stuff is the result of a villain called Fitzgerald and a partial burial.Other bad stuff happens too and is the result of the French who are likely all called 'Lucky Pierre'. Hey; it's an American movie! Americans hate the French after they sensibly and quite correctly stayed out of Iraq. I know some French folk and the loathing is reciprocated. I digress.In keeping with the need for white grizzled frontiersmen to be seen as fully rounded, modern, caring sensitive and sympathetic, Glass meets a new native American bestie (with whom he shares Bison Liver Tartare) and saves a chiefs daughter from a fate worse than death involving Lucky Pierre. The bison was killed by a pack of digital wolves. To further prove empathy Glass looks sadly at piles of Bison skulls that appear at random throughout the film. The fate of the skulls he was responsible for are not recorded, but beaver skulls are pretty little I guess and without cinematic appeal.In truth, the vengeance trail is more than a little Wile E Coyote. Every time he is about to succeed in his quest, something horrid and deadly happens to him but he inexplicably survives to continue his quest for the villainous Road Runner, Fitzy. Armed (presumably) with ACME powder and matches he keeps on keeping on. In a biblical twist, he is born-again! From a holy horse.Leonardo doesn't have a face that lends itself to looking vengeful.He has a magic coat that keeps him warm and toasty even after swimming in icy rivers. He is a good swimmer too.In summary it is as plausible as a Bristol Palin abstinence lecture. But there is lots and lots of really REALLY nice scenery and it was all I could do to stop myself 'ooohing' and 'aaaahing' at the majesty of it. There is a lot of snow and sundry chilliness and you should wear a jumper if you see it, particularly if you are a sympathy-shiverer.

I really enjoyed the Birdman, last year and I thought this year's Alejandro G. Iñárritu's work would share some of its virtues... Alas... Based or not on real events, this movie is a 2015 rendition of Rambo II. The main differences are: It's a few decades later, Rambo is played by Leonardo Di Caprio, the director won the Oscar last year, it's located in the American wilderness in the winter, Rambo doesn't show any muscles and (here comes the spoiler) he dies at the end.The similarities: Glass, the main character is almost immortal. He can get attacked by hundred of (as it's not Vietnam in this case) Indians, animals, can avoid bullets but kill in one shot everyone he needs.He is also left by his comrades to die, but yet, survives, heals himself in the freezing cold and crawls back for revenge.Yes, this is a Hollywood movie with everything. A star in the main role, lots of action, amazing visual effects, shootings and of course the protagonist who can't die with anything... until the very end. There is even a Boss fight at the end, as any good (or not) video game ends with.In the positive side, Iñárritu is a very good director and his technique is obvious in this movie as well. I liked the camera moving from one character to the other as the fight goes on or as people move around coming even too close to the camera. It was an interesting idea, and an interesting modification with the Birdman's continuous camera shooting, but keeping the signature distinct. Di Caprio has evolved to a good actor, but I still believe his best role so far was in Django unchained. In this case, for a large part of the movie he cannot walk nor talk, which might give him the Oscar, as several actors who played people with mobility or other issues, have got before.So, 3 stars only because the director is good. The story is long and boring, the scenario uninteresting, the fight with a bear a big joke, the healing in the winter also. I hope Iñárritu will give us something good next year.

I guess society has reached the point where everyone is living in a virtual fantasy world. There is little grasp on reality anymore, especially in film - when a truly good story is represented in this completely fantasized and revolting manner. The only likely reality in this film is that he was mauled by a bear. That's where reality and fantasy end! We stayed until the last 10 minutes before we could not take another second of this sickening stench of a film. Be warned, if you have a healthy dose of common sense, you'll hate this film - and yourself for paying to see it. Now I see that I have to write 10 lines about this wretched film in order for them to publish it. Great! Unfortunately I do not have anymore to say...

Loosely based on the life of 19th century frontiersman Hugh Glass, The Revenant is a brutal yet visually stunning western with one of Leonardo DiCaprio's best performances yet. The film follows Glass after he is mauled by a bear and left for dead by his fellow fur traders. One of the frontiersmen, John Fitzgerald, kills his son, and Glass voyages over 200 miles to exact revenge on him. The Revenant is one of the most violent movies I've seen from 2015, although the incredible scenery and cinematography also make it one of the most astonishing movies to look at. It combines some intense, difficult-to-watch scenes with amazing scenery which makes it one of the most beautiful violent films I've seen. Leo's committed and demanding performance is certainly one of the best of his career especially because of the lack of the dialog in the film. The 156- minute running time, relentless brutality and limited dialog does take a bit of a commitment to finish, but The Revenant is a masterfully directed film that makes the most of its subject matter's intriguing story.

This film was no doubt my most anticipated of the year. Even if it trumped my expectations by a mile it wouldn't have been far off from a masterpiece. After viewing the multiple trailers several times each for maximum analyzing, I knew it would be something incredibly special and groundbreaking. It never ceases to amaze throughout. Scene after scene I was in awe of the directors taught vision, the cinematographers beautiful eye, and the casts brilliant immersion into their characters; which each and every one breathed life into an already energized movie. Leonardo DiCaprio does some fine work here, not his best because i think he's already given his all to another role (The Wolf of Wall Street) but nonetheless immerses himself completely in a role which you have never seen him in before. It's quite a spectacle, all of it. And tom hardy will likely receive an Oscar nod if not snagging one outright. Though I believe the real winner here is the director; Alejandro Gonzalez Iniarritu, and cinematographer Emanuel Lubezki. Both of which work together to bring to life a living breathing painting which takes your breath away in every sense of the word. I couldn't help but keep asking myself how someone could make a film look so much better than anything I've ever seen. Each shot is carefully choreographed and each sweeping camera angle toggles between close and personal face shots and sweeping landscapes that make you feel both elevated, and smothered. It blends very well and makes for an experience I've never encountered. I just loved this movie and hope as many people can encounter it and come to their own conclusions on it as I have. 10/10

The Revenant is a film that works on a plethora of levels. It follows a fairly basic storyline that the average moviegoer could wholly understand. However, there is much more looming within the incredibly imagery and filmmaking of the Revenant than one might assume. The Revenant is not a film with a clear message, but instead one with many, small hints as to what the underlying implications are. Alejandro G. Innaritu's directorial style and choices shine through this film, creating a visceral and aesthetic yin and yang as we watch the gorgeous and gentle landscapes and scenery meld with the brutal, harsh storyline and occurrences. Leonardo Dicaprio's performance as Hugh Glass is one of little dialogue, but large impact, and may win him an Oscar this year. Tom Hardy's performance as John Fitzgerald is one that is possibly more exemplary than Dicaprio's, although that's up for debate. Although parts of this film are slightly too long winded or slow, overall it is a film that's imagery and story will resonate with the viewer long after watching it, and truly pays homage to the art of filmmaking.

May contain spoilers. I'm sorry Hollywood but life threatening injuries(shattered bones, severed major veins/arteries and smashed/slashed tendons) don't just 'heal-up' by themselves. This and this alone made me give up on reverent shortly after he and his horse went over the cliff. Early on when DiCaprio 'cauterized' the deep wounds on his neck with fire I told my buddies that I'll bet he'll be walking soon.....without a cane. Well I was right! Miraculously his busted up foot and hand were healed in a couple days. I told them when I shattered my femur I should have crawled through the bushes, waded across the stream and crawled thru the woods behind my property for a few days and I could've came out strutting like nothing had happened. But I don't live in Hollywood-land where life threatening injuries simply disappear. Additionally, no one can swim in freezing water without inducing hypothermia....cheeez!!! Suggestion: When this movie comes out on television you'd be better off watching Gilligan's Island reruns.

Some awesome scenery, and an attempt at a feel good story gone horribly wrong! I realize that most people don't have any survival training but I would guess that more than a few have common sense; and if you have any common sense, this movie is insulting! 1. When you are struggling to stay alive in sub zero weather, certain death will come if you get your clothes wet.......he does it repeatedly.2. When you are trying to survive among hostile Indians, you only build a fire to save your life and then you build a well hidden fire the size of your hat because Indians will see/smell your fire.......he builds bon-fires out in the open.3. A muzzle-loading weapon can only be fired once, you must then reload it which takes roughly 30 seconds for the most accomplished user......he shoots multiple times, rapid fire, with a muzzle loading pistol.4. While it's true that you can survive in the cold by gutting your horse and using it's internal warmth to save your life, a full grown man cannot climb inside the chest cavity of a gutted horse.......the horse would have to be 20 feet long.I understand creative license for directors but this was just awful!

Absolute highlight was the pictures of beautiful landscapes. As for the film, i don't understand how anyone can be nominated for an Oscar if they don't have a script. Crawling around on the floor should not be enough for any award. I can only assume somebody noticed DiCaprio should really have had an Oscar by now so decided to give him one for this - speechless.Massive dose of Hollywood fantasy as surviving being killed by a hungry bear, floating half an hour in freezing water and not being shot by one of fifty Indians while shooting a self loading flintlock pistol back at them just about sums up the film. No story, no words, no good. Save your money and your time and don't believe the hype!

The Revenant, the movie that will give Leonardo DiCaprio his first Oscar. For the second time in the last two years we have been blessed by the extraordinary vision and direction of director Alejandro González Iñárritu. Iñárritu brought this amazing story Hugh Glass, the frontiersman, fur trapper, and explorer that was mauled by a grizzly bear and ultimately left for dead by the company that hired him. The film follows the theme of the will to survive, bringing the audience to question, What would you do to survive?Leonardo DiCaprio will win his first Oscar for his role as Hugh Glass. If he does not win the award there is something wrong with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The scenery was amazing and to know that the film was shot with no artificial light. With Iñárritu at the forefront again don't be surprised to see him win for best director again and it sure looks promising that The Revenant will win Best Picture. I urge you to see this film because of the trials and tribulation that Hugh Glass went through. The shot selection that Iñárritu used was fantastic and personally I wouldn't change it. From the opening body camera to the closing close up, the film kept you engaged and wanting more. Alejandro González Iñárritu may not be the easiest man to work with in the film industry but he sure knows how to direct and how to make something truly fantastic. Though certain characters didn't have the most dialogue, what they did say ended up leaving more of an impact. Tom Hardy was fantastic as John Fitzgerald and really did a good job convincing the audience that he was doing the right thing throughout the movie. Overall the film was great and will pull in some awards and people like DiCaprio and Iñárritu will be recognized for their work. The film emotionally connected with audiences challenging them to put themselves in Glass' situation. It calls into morally what one would do, as well as, spiritually what one would do. The quotes "I ain't afraid to die anymore. I'd done it already" really makes the audience fell for Glass and that all he does to survive and his actions are justifiable and that it is true that he has died and does not care if he does so again. As I finish, I would give this movie an 8.8 out of 10 and for one last time I applaud the job Iñárritu did directing and the performance of DiCaprio and Hardy as well as others like Will Poulter and Domhnall Gleeson. I will leave you with the quote that stuck with me and really ties the movie together. After watching the film really think about this quote,"Revenge is in god's hands not mine"Thank you for reading,David Horvath

It's the Oscars season hooray! And everyone seems on the lookout for who deserves the ultimate Hollywoodian honor and who is going to go home with a gold Uncle Oscar. I've been avidly following the ceremony for years now, but that doesn't necessarily mean I hold it in the highest regard; everybody knows it's all politics at the end of the day.Today I went to the cinema to watch this year's most talked about film, Alejandro González Iñárritu's The Revenant, trying so hard to ignore the two Golden Globes, the 12 Oscars nominations and the 8.3 IMDb rating. To cut things short: I was immensely let down, and here are my reasons why:1) Iñárritu is a genius, there is no doubt about it, but geniuses are obviously not immune to over-inflated ego. The Mexican director has become popular with film critics and moviegoers worldwide for his ability to make films that are both aesthetically and thematically stunning – films that are so beautiful to look at and so touching you could easily relate to. Who would ever forget the heartbreaking realities of Amores Perros (2000) and Babel (2006)? And the surreal worlds of Biutiful (2010) and Birdman (2014)? After those masterpieces, The Revenant looks like a sheer act of muscle flexing. We get it, Iñárritu! You can do magic with your camera; you can take beautiful long shots, you can make a man-bear fight look so goddam real, you can film inexplicable gore and violence like no one has ever done before, yet I was bored to death because I couldn't feel the slightest connection to anything or anyone. The film comes out visually outstanding but cinematically fragile because it lacks the substance that should hold it together. The entire plot is based on a father- son relationship that wasn't developed enough (or wasn't developed at all) for the viewer to emotionally connect with Hugh Glass, the revenant, which made me feel that the whole survival quest was a bit on the absurd side.2) Clichés. Clichés. Clichés! The film is so rife with clichés I actually thought Iñárritu is playing some kind of a joke on us. A die-hard hero, a classic mindless villain, a dead Pocahontas, a wise chief and of course some careless Frenchies. And don't you think the clichés just stop at character level, they run deep to include predictable plots and extremely bromidic lines and dream sequences. I don't mind that the story is a cliché revenge story, it's the treatment that concerns me. The Revenant is basically about a man who wastes two precious hours of our lives looking for another man who killed his son and left him for dead, and when he finally finds him, the evil man's dying words are revenge is no good. The end. That's it, I swear. If you can see something beyond that, please feel free to contact me.3) I don't usually like to dwell on this point in my film reviews but the improbability of the events was pointless and so difficult to ignore. So we have a man who is fatally attacked by a grizzly bear, almost smothered to death, shot at, falls down a waterfall and off a cliff, stabbed and beaten (I hope I didn't forget anything), yet he miraculously survives! I expect to see him in the next Avengers movie.4) Number four is not really a shortcoming but a disaster redeemed. The outstanding performance by all the cast members makes up for the one dimensionality of the roles they play. Domnhall Gleeson and Tom Hardy hit all the right notes with exceptional maturity (even though I thought Hardy's Texan accent was a bit funny, but maybe on purpose?). Both are actually growing on me in a speed of light. DiCaprio was amazing as usual but I don't think this is the performance he should get an Oscar for. I do appreciate all the trouble and the physical pain he had to go through but compared with his other performances I'm sorry Leo, you can do much better. Anyways, if he grabs an Oscar this year, he would still deserve it, retroactively.The music and the sound editing in general were annoying. I would've sufficed with DiCaprio's incessant heavy breathing.. which is equally annoying to be honest.Go watch Cast Away instead. If you have seen it already, watch it again it would still be a more enjoyable experience.

There is almost nothing good to say about this film. It was painful to watch, slow, no joy or any good feelings, and just plain boring after a while. I cannot understand why it got so many awards. Even the nature scenes which were beautiful were impossible to enjoy because of the feeling of dread hanging over every scene.The last hour was predictable. I dreaded what was to come, holding out hope that it would not be a long drawn out ending to an exhausting film. Unfortunately, the pain was drawn out. Like a bad dream that would not end.It is worse than a waste of my money, it ruined my evening and will make me feel awful for days. Avoid this film.

I love that this film allowed us to see things from the Native American's perspective as-well, and not just the New-American hunting teams perspective. What many movies lack nowadays is the ability to really showcase character development, though I feel this movie succeeded in this. If you can grow attached to a certain character in a film, then the development of that character is portrayed correctly. I like that. Leonardo DiCaprio is my favorite actor of all time, because he is able to smash any role he plays with pure believability. I haven't seen all of Leo's films, but my favorite performances of his were from the movies "The Wolf of Wall Street", "Inception", "Shutter Island", "Blood Diamond" and now my all time favorite performance of his is "The Revenant"; he absolutely dominated this role! His ability to portray a character with such depth is stupendous. He has previously played many good character rolls, yet no Oscar; if he doesn't not get an Oscar from the most in-depth character yet, then I have no idea how he will ever get an Oscar.. Give this man and Oscar already! HE DESERVES IT! 10 TIMES OVER!I'm not usually one for slow paced films because they tend to drag on and on for eternity, but for the slow paced film this was, it was very intriguing. I love a film that can capture you in the moment and really bring you in on their story. Although, I do believe The Revenant ended prematurely. Though this movie goes for 156 minutes, I feel as if an extra 10-15 minutes could have been added to create a superb ending, making for a near perfect film. If you struggle to stay enticed by a slow paced film because it doesn't have fast pace action and/or story movement, then I recommend you steer clear of this movie because it's most likely not for you. For those who don't mind if a movie is slow paced because it has a phenomenal story build-up and admirable character development, then I'd recommend the watch!8/10

So my idea of a good movie is quite simple,- I'm just asking myself, whether I'm willing to watch it again or not. And, boy oh boy, this movie fails this subjective 'test'! Yeah, the film is visually great - it's Iñárritu at its best and all that stuff. But it feels more like a kaleidoscope of beautiful imagery with no emotional or intellectual filling. Of course, there are the hackneyed 'bear' and 'horse' scenes, but all in all, there is nothing to feel or worry about. To get a general feeling for the Revenant, just read through its 'Quotes' (which are accessible from the main page),- this is almost all the dialogue you hear in the entire movie. Very 'fascinating' indeed... And for all of you, who love and hype this movie so much,- I dare you to watch it again... today... Lets see how reluctant are you gonna be to do so!? I liked 'The H8ful eight' way, way better! In fact, once I finished watching it, I almost immediately started to replay my favorite scenes from the movie, - because they were so powerfully delivered. So in this Christmas snowstorm showdown between Tarantino and Iñárritu, the hands-down winner is, undoubtedly, Mr. QT.

This is my review of The Revenant (spoiler free).Cast: six time Academy Award nominee Leonardo DiCaprio, Academy Award nominee Tom Hardy*, Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter.Plot: Hugh Glass (DiCaprio)is a frontiersman out an adventure with his team in their fight for survival in the bitter landscape. When the unthinkable happens Glass' life is in the balance.Directed by Alejandro G. Inarritu (Birdman, 2014) over the period of five years in harsh conditions, this film literally changes the history of filming. Let me go through some points on why I think this is the film of the year:Performances: The performances throughout are all Oscar-worthy, especially considering that this is the first film with Leonardo DiCaprio, since The Wolf of Wall Street (2013). The performances are exceptional throughout and they didn't come out of character one single bit.Story: The story of the film keeps intact throughout regarding the length of the film. The director knew what story he wanted to do and he stayed with it.Lighting: There was no studio used to make this picture it was entirely around nature. The use of natural light in this film is the real clincher. The director didn't use any artificial light to take away the landscape.Atmospheric landscapes: This film is set in the American wilderness and was filmed in Calgary, Alberta. The acting isn't the only thing that makes the film,it is the beautifully atmospheric polar landscapes, from the vast forests to the incredible mountain ranges this film literally has it all. All in all this is the film of the year and I completely recommend it without regret, and I would go through the flaws at this point but there aren't any this film is flawless. Even though DiCaprio doesn't say that much I hope he wins the Oscar. 10/10 pure excellence, a must see.*Best performance by a supporting actor The Revenant (2015).

Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) was a frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s. It was a particularly dangerous and desperate time as the nearly 300 year old tradition of fur trading was in its waning years. Europeans came to America hoping for gold and silver in the early 1500s. They were disappointed, but found their riches in fur, particularly beavers. By the 1800s, beavers were scarce as they were over-hunted, and they weren't fetching the prices they used to and many turned to logging and working in lumber mills. This particular expedition proved especially treacherous for Glass as he was mauled by a bear and left for dead by his team. Glass made his way home, fueled by anger and his thirst for revenge against John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy), the man who left him for dead. The Revenant was nominated for 12 Oscars and took home 3. Alejandro G. Iñárritu took home the Best Director award while the film also won for Best Cinematography. And, of course, DiCaprio finally got his Oscar for Best Actor that many felt was long overdue. It was his fifth nomination for acting as he was previously recognized for his performances in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Aviator, Blood Diamond, and The Wolf of Wallstreet.At first, John Fitzgerald is just a business man. He wants to stay the course and get as many pelts to take home to get as much money as they can. His decision to abandon Glass after the bear mauling was initially just a logical one taking into account Glass' chances of survival versus how much it would hinder their trek home trying to save him. That logic quickly turned vicious as Fitzgerald's greed and desperation turned murderous. I thought there were some great cinematic scenes, but most of them were shown in the brief preview. Of course the big scene is Glass being mauled by a bear which looked mostly realistic. As for the Oscar for Best Actor, I feel this was done out of the same sentiment that kept Tom Hanks from being nominated for Saving Mr. Banks or Captain Philips. Most speculated he was omitted because he's already won and he'll probably win again, so let someone else have a shot. This was the opposite. DiCaprio has been nominated and many feel he should have won already, so they gave it to him. I don't doubt he would have won an Oscar some day, but I don't think this should have been the one that got him there. Hardy was nominated for Best Supporting Actor and, had Mark Rylance not been nominated for his performance in Bridge of Spies (rightly nominated and won as I speculated immediately after seeing the movie), he surely would have won for his performance in The Revenant.I gave The Revenant a hesitant 3.5 star prediction. It dragged and didn't have much of a plot and the cinematography was played out in the preview. I give the movie 2.0 stars but bump it up to 2.5 because of Hardy's performance. It's a renter at best, but wait to catch it on cable and you'll be fine.

Was it wrong of me to laugh? I just couldn't help but see the protagonist as the Wile E Coyote, with that same stupid wide-eyed look of fear and pain on his face during every action scene. And without giving anything away, one fight scene is Tom and Jerry / Itchy and Scratchy at their finest. Even the fans of this movie surely won't be able to deny that.Perhaps if I hadn't seen the exact same expressions on Leo's face in the quaalude-fueled fight scene in The Wolf Of Wall Street, I wouldn't have been prompted to laugh so hard. Mind you, it was the same dumb expressions he had in The Aviator that preceded it, and I laughed then too, also inappropriately, I later discovered. And if you weren't playing for thigh-slapping laughs, Alejandro, why did you have the bear roll down the gully and land on top of him? Comedic genius.I may have even felt bad for laughing if I had some compassion for Glass. But when he's making every misfortune to befall him just so damn hilarious, it's hard to see him in any real threat or pain. Being a monosyllabic ape didn't help either.In about 24 hours, this movie, its director and its star will win Academy Awards. Which will achieve exactly what the sole intention was from the moment it was conceived. Just as well, because it certainly wasn't entertainment. Although to be fair, I think there's a whole subculture about to pop up of devising 'secret soundtracks' for this movie, where you turn the sound down and replace it with something else instead. Those in the know are surely trawling the Loony Tunes archives as I write.

I was utterly disappointed with this movie. I couldn't imagine Alejandro Inarritu making such a bad film. I had the impression he wanted to win another Oscar and tried way to hard to put everything in this movie what he thinks the academy wants. His movies seem to get more and more some kind of strange spiritual parts that i cant relate with. All other movies he made are at least good (Birdman ...) and two are great (Babel and Amores Peros) but this one was plain bad in my opinion. Birdman wasn't the best film last year but it was cool in its strange way with some great dialogs and only few flaws. The Revenant is just one big flaw ... he tried so hard to make the movie look realistic but completely forgot to do the same with the screenplay. The story is very simple and artificial it reminded me of bad TV shows. I think the basis for the screenplay was "how do i get another Oscar" not "i have this great story to tell". The overall acting is very good with Tom Hardy being great. However Leonardo DiCaprio had better performances (Revolutionary Road) but still plays at a high level like he always does. The movie is well made and well acted but the story is just a big fail IMHO ... so big i can't give any points for this one.

Boy, I had a difficult time watching this movie. It is just to much of the same thing and the same emotion. Dicaprio had an easy time learning his lines, because not many words came out of his mouth, a lot of grunting instead that gets annoying quite quickly. There was a lot of laughter amongst the audience, not because the movie is funny, but is is at many times over the top and highly unlikely. Yes the nature is beautiful but I'd rather watch an episode of BBC earth, that is a lot more uplifting. Overall the movie was quite disappointing. I don't get the praise at all. The script can be summarized in one page, and that is not a good thing.

DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass, for roughly 30 minutes, then allows the viewer to not have to hear his voice for the remaining 2 hours of the film. And I'm sorry to say that his attempt to illicit my emotions with just his expressions was a failure and only made me wish the bear had finished him off...sorry. Nothing about this performance screams Oscar, and none of his previous performances do either, which is why he doesn't have one! Tom Hardy plays Fitzgerald, your standard ruthless, racist, Texas d-bag, which he completely pulls off, with the exception of his voice. If he had hit his mark, then perhaps this was award worthy but instead, as with most of his other roles, he struggled with the accent and he succumbed to mumbling and incoherent speech. A shame really, so close to a perfect performance.Forrest Goodluck is perfect as Hawk, and honestly he could have pulled off main character status had the film been centered around him! He was flawless!!! I felt what he felt and all I wanted was more of all of it. This kid will have no problem getting work in the future.If anything the DP deserves an Oscar for the stunning locations and incredible aesthetics in this film but that unfortunately is all it deserves. Cinematography was definitely the 12th man that brought this film to its peak.

"The Revenant" features the same successful formula of Alejandro González Iñárritu's previous Oscar winning film "Birdman:" excellent filmmaking from a very talented cast and crew. It heavily relies on its visceral power, filmmaking technique, committed performances from its actors, and the majestic beauty of its setting to overcome its simplistic story."The Revenant" starts out strong with one of the most well shot and immensely gripping scenes of the year in which Indians attack the fur trappers. The scene was executed to perfection with stunning visuals, gut wrenching intensity, graphic violence, and a realistic perspective the audience experiences first hand through the use of a meticulously engineered tracking shot. Then there was the intense bear mauling scene which was also masterfully shot, though not as ambitious in scope as the opening scene. Unfortunately for "The Revenant" its best scenes were in the beginning of the film.As "The Revenant" dragged on it became sluggish, unfocused, and almost inaudible. Although throughout the film it showed signs of life by expertly depicting intense confrontations and beautiful scenery. But at the same time, between the gripping and exciting moments, there were many dull dream-like sequences that failed to give a clear understanding of DiCaprio's Hugh Glass. For the long runtime, Hugh Glass was not properly developed to feel the sufficient magnitude of his suffering. Leonardo DiCaprio's engaging, and somatic performance was enough to overshadow this flaw, and it may even land him his first Oscar.Then there was Tom Hardy's menacing John Fitzgerald. Tom Hardy's portrayal was good yet underwhelming for Oscar standards because it was difficult to understand what exactly he was saying. Yet maybe this was done on purpose for authenticity but it still made it hard to understand his character and some vital plot explanations. Finally the film felt so self-indulgent in its own style of natural light filmmaking that it seemed like the filmmakers stretched shots and sequences for too long just to show off their prowess.In conclusion, "The Revenant" is a well-acted, masterfully shot, slow moving revenge/survival art house film with amazing scenery. The film will definitely win Oscars for its filmmaking craft but falls short of greatness because of its flaws. It may win best picture, but it is not the best movie of the year. "The Revenant" did not fulfill its duties as effectively and successfully as "Mad Max: Fury Road," "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," or "The Hateful Eight" to reach 'best movie of the year' status.

I cannot believe this move got awards. It is from 18th century and in the middle of NOWHERE - in the snow mountains with horses.There is no chemistry or any attempt to do character-building, bonding between father and son and the whole story makes NO sense. Except for the bear attack (with poor graphics), there is nothing really worth mentioning in this movie.If you want to watch it, be prepared for raw some content - eating raw meat, animals, fish and swimming in snow water and WET throughout. Also one person biting off another's ear and spitting out it.I watched this by mistake. I wasn't paying attention and thought it was Allegiant that is not released yet. So I ended up wasting 2.6 hours of my life that I can never get back.

Slow and boring! It's basically 2+ hours of watching a half-dead guy crawl through the snow. A waste of time.It was humorous when after being mauled by a grizzly bear and receiving no medical attention, he manages to escape into class 5 rapids without drowning. He's wearing 200 pounds of clothes but manages to stay afloat through all of that. Okay.

Pros: Great scenery. A list actors (DiCaprio, Hardy, others). Did I mention Great Scenery?Cons: Story ripped off from Man in the Wilderness. No plot other than a man crawling through the snow for 2 hours. Unbelievable action (floating down an icy cold river in winter without freezing or hypothermia setting in). Starting fires without an effort in winter with everything wet or covered with snow. No plot other than a man crawling through the snow for 2 hours (did I already mention that?). CGI bear. Boring, anti-climatic predictable ending (not worth the wait). No emotional connection with the main character because there is no character development. Lots and lots of snow. Sophomoric dialogue. Cartoonish characters. Lots and lots of snow.To sum up in one word: Pretentious (look it up like I did)Will undoubtedly win lots and lots of Oscars...

The Bear was just trying to protect her cubs, of course she attacked, and then instead of playing dead after the first attack, the idiot takes a shot at her, thus instigating the 2nd attack - now there are two orphaned cubs wandering the woods, did they survive, did some kindly person take them in like in Born Free, are they plotting their revenge for the death of their Mother? - unanswered questions I'll never know the answers to - and I won't even get into what happened to the poor horse, except that I now wonder if the inside of a horse smells as bad as the inside of a Tonton.Anyway, The Revenant is a beautifully shot movie and DiCaprio acts the heck out of it, but at over 2 and a half hours, it is way to long for such a simple story, most of the film consists of Hugh Glass crawling through the snow in order to survive and to exact revenge on the man who left him for dead - the survival story is good, but gets stretched out beyond the point of reason - we get it, Glass is a survivor. I also had a problem with the beginning of the film which just jumps right into an Indian battle without establishing who the characters were or why we should care about them, and the ending in which Glass decides at the last moment to let the Indians do his killing for him because that makes him a better person somehow. The Revenant from all prognostications is the film that will finally get Leonardo DiCaprio his Best Actor Oscar, with that I am more than OK with as he should have gotten one a long time ago, however I think he has made better movies than this one.

The Revenant is just a remake of the 1972 movie Jeremiah Johnson starring Robert Redford??? Hollywood can't seem to come up with any new ideas. Now just making remakes under a different title... or am I missing something? Sure in the 2015 version the cinematography is better and the fight scenes more gruesome but the story line is still the same.And for not doing any of his stunts DiCaprio is nominated for an Oscar for looking wild thanks for the great makeup artists. Now that's Hollywood today. My oh my how things have changed. Yesteryear, the Oscars celebrated talent now it is just political

The Revenant, (n. one who has returned, as if from the dead). The Revenant is a beautiful piece of cinematic art. First I will address the quality of the film. This movie is, in my opinion, unmatched by any other film in history in terms of its cinematography (props to Emmanuel Lubezki). Each scene begins, and sometimes ends, with a breathtaking shot of an equally breathtaking landscape. Each shot is essential to the scene's content. The direction is masterful. Inarritu once again managed to outdo himself. Every single scene has a purpose. Every single shot a meaning. Every word a purpose. The acting is superb. I will not buy into the "overdue Oscar" hype. Everyone who has won the Award for best actor deserved it. I will however note that none come close to DiCaprio's performance this year. No one could have brought the emotion that Leo brought to Hugh Glass. With none but a few lines of dialogue, Leo's acting has stunned me like never before. Hardy exemplified evil in a way that I haven't seen since Anthony Hopkins in The Silence of the Lambs, Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight, and Javier Bardem in No Country for Old Men.On to the film itself. I've seen so many people cite this film as simply a revenge western, a biopic adventure, and a survival movie. While it certainly employs aspects from all three of these, it isn't any one. This film is about life versus survival, man vs. beast, and the relationship between parent and child, love and revenge. It accomplishes its goals just as beautifully as its cinematography accomplishes its trip to the Oscars.The environment of The Revenant is a violent and unforgiving one. It does not care whether you live or die. This is essential to the films success. The entire film is really a case study of the human spirit. Think about the bear. The bear is in the same environment as Hugh Glass. It faces the same dangers and difficulties. It has to eat, drink, and survive just like Glass. And it will do anything, I repeat, anything, to ensure the safety of itself and its children, including kill. In many ways, Glass is just like the bear. Glass is thrust into the brutal world of The Revenant and is forced to survive. Unlike the bear, protecting his child is not enough. If the bears cub is killed, she will not avenge it. She will not crawl from her grave, half- dead, to find the one who stole her child. Glass is human. There is more to life than survival. And he makes that all too clear. The film emphasizes his struggle to survive, but his struggle to survive is fueled by the struggle to live. The bear attacked Glass because she saw him as a threat to her cubs. Glass attacked Fitzgerald because he killed his son. The difference between life and survival, in the minutes leading up to the haunting ending, is that life demands vengeance, while survival demands only breathing (although this assertion is strongly challenged in the last 15 seconds of the movie.)All throughout the movie, Glass is portrayed as a bear-like creature. He eats raw buffalo, he grabs fish out of the river and rips into them, he sleeps naked inside an animal carcass. But why? To survive? No, he should have died. By all odds, he would have died. Why didn't he? Because the need to live, not survive, live, drove him out of his grave.The subplot serves to further reinforce the strength of a parent- child relationship. The Indian chief will stop short of nothing to find his missing daughter. He slaughters hoards of people to find what was taken from him. The ending. The seemingly unanswered question is this: was Glass staring emptily into the camera because he had not killed Fitz, but rather allowed his fate to be decided by the chief, or was it because he had fulfilled his quest for vengeance and felt no satisfaction? I choose to believe the latter, that after crushing death to find life, and completing his mission, he felt no satisfaction. Life, is more than revenge. His son was gone, he needed to accept this. This point is further reinforced by the grateful nod of the chief and his daughter as they ride past. The chief sought life, and found his daughter. He found life. Glass found revenge. He thought he was finding life, but he only found empty satisfaction. Why did his wife walk away form him at the end? Was she approving or disapproving of his actions? Throughout the movie, her words drove him forward, but, now that he reached his destination, she no longer is there to drive him. I see this as, "You've completed your mission. But, as Fitz said "Ain't nothing gonna bring him back". What will you do now? Will you succumb to death? Or will you truly find life?" That question rung in my head for the seconds of blackness following his empty and seemingly hopeless stare, and has rung for days after the credits rolled.

Okay, this is a really good action film, but it's too gory and predictable. Fitzgerald is an irredeemable bad guy. The entire scenario was too good to be true. Leonardo DiCaprio was terrific in acting the part but his character had not 9 but 10 lives in this movie. How is it possible for a person near death to survive so many ordeals? The one with jumping off a cliff and surviving the fall when still very much not in great shape is remarkable and unbelievable to me. Of course, I knew the fate of the captain at the end before viewing the last scenes and DiCaprio's trick to get Fitzgerald at the end was used in a previous movie. This flick reminded me of the one with Robert Redford in Jeremiah Johnson. Tom Hardy played Fitzgerald very well, but it was difficult at times for me to understand what he was saying.

*** This review contains spoilers****I'll start by saying my review may have been more positive had I not read the book first. Before getting to the movie itself, the acting was good, although I think Tom Hardy outperformed Leonardo DiCaprio.After reading the book I was excited to see the movie, but ended up pretty much hating the film and Hollywood for it's typical over- embellishment and to-be-expected shame on you USA finger-wagging. Hollywood apparently thinks there are no bounds to literary license. Apparently for the screenwriter and director, surviving a grizzly attack in the middle of nowhere in the early 1800s and then setting out to avenge oneself isn't a compelling enough story, so they felt the need to leave the world of reality and add things that will make you scratch your head and say "why?" and "impossible." First things first, the attack happened on Sept. 1st, but the movie was set in the dead of winter. There is no way Glass would have survived in those temperatures and then to further insult our intelligence they kept tossing him into a freezing river to keep him wet and freezing, yet not an inkling of frostbite to mar Leonardo's pretty face. Also, the bear nearly removed his scalp, but that wouldn't do for our handsome star, instead they removed half of Fitzgerald's (Hardy's) scalp and kept Leonardo looking good. Why set this movie in the dead of winter, which would have made it impossible for Glass to survive? Also, it's not enough to survive a grizzly attack and this change of seasons, let's throw him off a 100+ ft cliff with a pine tree breaking his fall, just because the stupid audience wouldn't find the story compelling enough otherwise. That didn't happen in the book. Also, Glass never married in real life, so why add an Indian wife and son? Again, because the stupid audience wouldn't find his quest for vengeance compelling enough without Hollywood adding a fictional son to be stabbed to death by Fitzgerald right in front of Glass' face? And those awful images of his wife constantly being thrust upon us to draw us into the movie more emotionally again because the truth just wasn't' enough?Now for the Hollywood sermon you had to foresee about the evil white man stealing the land and animals from the Indians – sermon provided by a chief who didn't appear in the book; and to make the white man look more evil and the Indians more victimized, Hollywood thought "Let's add a part where the whites steal the chief's daughter and use her for a sex slave to justify all of the atrocities committed by the Indians." Seriously?! And that's not enough! Let's make Leonardo look even better by having him, while still recovering from a grizzly attack, rescue the Indian girl from the French trappers and escape completely unharmed. The movie is basically a complete work of fiction and should stop claiming to be based on a true story and should have changed the name of the move so there was no confusing it with the book. Why not also change Hugh Glass's name to something more masculine like Dirk Hammer and cast him as a trans-gendered male. That would be compelling right? They even took events that happened to Glass and made them happen to Fitzgerald and Bridger, like wandering through the burned out village and feeding the Indian woman.They painted Hugh Glass as an experienced scout, again let's build up our Hollywood star, when he wasn't at the time of the attack. Captain Henry was the only one on the expedition who have ever navigated that far west before, yet they build that into Glass's character and have Henry exclaim, "Glass knows this land better than all of us put together." And at the end, instead of Glass kicking the crap out of Bridger, they have Capt. Henry do the butt-kicking while painting Glass as the compassionate and forgiving one. They also change the ending. Glass never killed Fitzgerald, but he basically does in the movie, He takes Fitzgerald to the brink of death (he would have bled out within 10 min) and then stops when he remembers an Indian friend telling him that vengeance is God's, so Glass doesn't finish him off, instead choosing to dump him in the river to allow the "fictional" Indian chief who's watching 100 feet downstream do the honors. Why? Does that absolve Glass of the murder and make him more honorable? I don't get it. The overall worst directing blunder was to set the movie in the dead of winter. Only ignorant Hollywood types who have never experienced a cold winter would think it would be possible for a human to survive the extreme temperatures, often while wet, with little to no fire and for months, not a day or two. In the movie, Glass should have been dead from the cold before Fitzgerald and Bridger ever left him. Hollywood ruined a great story by ridiculously and unbelievably enhancing it to use as a vehicle for a Leonardo DiCaprio Oscar run. And then there goes Tom Hardy outshining him. What a shame. Skip the movie and read the book. Stupid, ignorant, preachy, Hollywood!

Alejandro González Iñárritu + Leonardo DiCaprio = A Bloody Hell Movie Called The Revenant; literally blood everywhere. What I like about this movie was the director (Alejandro Iñárritu) shot techniques. I don't know what they call it, I have to research on that one. But its pretty amazing! If you have been watching Iñárritu's films such as Babel, Biutiful, Birdman and The Revenant, you will know what I mean. It's like a one-take shot of 20-30minutes scene and its really cool. I think that's Iñárritu's trademark. Every time I see that kind of shot technique I know for sure its Alejandro G. Iñárritu films. 2 Thumbs Up to Leo's performance, he's always been a great actor.

The book is interesting, but not great. The film though, glacial and no where near great. Scenes are too long, too similar, too insignificant. The lack of dialogue is... sharp? Were it not that it makes for a truly bland experience in combination with the production. Di Caprio is solid, as ever, but I haven't got a scooby about his character. The other characters, apart from the anti- hero are completely uninteresting. I need ten lines to review this. I don't need them. I need ten lines to review this. I don't need them. I need ten lines to review this. I don't need them.This is the most uneventful Hollywood film since... I don't know, a long time?I genuinely can't recommend this film, sorry.The final conclusion - tried too hard to be interesting.

The movie got such a high acclaim when it came to Denmark and therefore it was with expectations high that I watched it the other night.The story itself is quite plain and linear without surprises. An escape that turns into a hunt for the man who has killed our hero's son. A hunt you know how will end the very second it starts. The score (spoiler) is to be settled and our hero is going to find full closure which will bring meaning to all the suffering that he is going through.The story takes place at the frontier with all the fascination this involves. It's the simple life without all the obligations of modern lifestyle and further a life where you can test yourself against the merciless and indifferent mother nature that is at play. For some, maybe the pioneers who lived and died here, shaped the national character of the American people and therefore this period is given a high amount of importance.All the suffering Leonardo endures on his high octane thirst for revenge is to repetitious and although the movie is beautifully made its not enough. The story itself is too straightforward.Regards SimonPs. When you read reviews that gives max score check to see if the user has made more than one review. If not consider the possibility of a lobbyist. If you agree consider putting this post scriptum at the bottom at your own reviews.

Despite my best efforts, I failed to notice any acting happening in this film. Lying on the ground and moaning is hardly a stirring artistic feat.OK, we get it, bears are scary, and getting mauled by one would be a very unfun experience. Yes, we get it, winter is cold and being stuck outside in winter isn't fun. Yes, we can see that the instinct of self-preservation is strong. Well, welcome to class Mamalia. And yes, we all now that revenge motivates people to perform crazy feats of strength.The landscape shots were beautiful, and the plot was half (well, OK, 1/3) believable. That's about it.

I'm not really sure what to make of 'The Revenant'. It has been a week since I saw the film but it sort of feels like a distant memory.I definitely have respect for the film. You've heard this before but I have to say that the cinematography is pretty fantastic. I was never in awe at its beauty but it pretty much captured the perfect look for the film. I can't help but feel that it looks "correct". The long takes and hand-held shots are also pretty impressive. The acting is great all round. Pretty much every actor does an impressive job in the roles that they are well suited for. However, I wasn't really that engaged. I wasn't bored out of my mind either, but the great craftsmanship can only go so far. The characters aren't very interesting or relatable. This is especially a problem for Hugh Glass. He didn't feel like much of a person, which meant I couldn't feel his desperation or the brutality of the more violent or gory parts of the film. I will admit that there were a couple of moments where I looked away from the screen to see who in the cinema was talking. I'm pretty sure I missed one of the dream/flashback montages earlier on in the film because of this, which could have resulted in me not caring much about the character, but I still feel that we didn't learn much about the character throughout the rest of the film.Overall, 'The Revenant' is a bit of a disappointment. It is a technical wonder but there was too much focus on making it look real and not enough focus on laying down the foundations that would make it actually feel real.(In case you're wondering what happened to the people in the cinema talking, it got the point where I had to shush them. One of them glanced over at me as if I was being rude and they left a few minutes later.)

Honestly I think I just watched a dude crawl in snow for 2 hours trying to kill another dude, with minimum words said!!, the performances where epic by both Tom & Leo!!!, there is no doubt in that, but the plot is just so boring, there is nothing interesting about the story other than how the hell Glass survived, I wanted to leave in the first like 10 mins, but I always hoped that it would get better but it didn't, the trailer does'nt reflect the movie well, because from the trailer the movie seems epic, but really the movie is just boring boring boring, it got all the acclaim for the wonderful performances and the amount of work done in the field of cinematography, they focused on that much but forgot to focus on evolving the story and the characters, I didn't emotionally connect with the movie what so ever, I am very disappointed.

Everybody loves this picture. They praise the looks of it. And indeed, it looks beyond awesome. From a technical point of view, it is nothing short of flawless. But unfortunately, beauty is only skin deep, and if one manages to look past the the cinematography, he/she will find that the story is nothing special, in fact, compared to the praise this movie is receiving, it feels like it is a fraud. Basically it is the journey of DiCaprios character from near death to a moment of revenge, but if you take into account what his character goes trough, he should be dead already from exposure or pneumonia half way trough, instead, amongst other things, he rides a horse off a cliff and falls hundreds of feet without getting a new scratch next to the scars made by a bear. Also, the plenitude of nature shots which are there to pound in the viewers the severity of the heroes situation, despite being beautiful, are so excessive that a good one hour of the 156 minutes runtime of this movie could have been cut out without any actual loss to the story. The director is also pushing the boundaries with the flashbacks and hallucination scenes just for the sake of back story and motivational exposition. Given the depth (or lack there of) of the story, the movie should have been around 90 minutes flat instead of an almost 3 hour long epic. Honestly, when I was not bored by the national geography shots, I was hating this movie with a passion. I found it to be pretentious, hollow, with badly written characters and way too long for its own good. Also, in about 2-3 years of time, nobody is going to talk about this movie unless the topic is not the fact that DiCaprio still did not received an Oscar yet. Quite frankly, I cannot imagine anybody to want to re-watch this movie again given its length unless he/she is glutton for punishment. I could go on and on about why I find this movie to be soo bad, but it would become a mindless rant and I do not like that. It is basically the posh version of Avatar. I am just wondering when will people see this?

This is another film where visually it is brilliant, the acting is really good but let down by an unsatisfying story. Another film where millions are spent on locations, costumes, actors, CGI.However, they go to poundland for the script. It's a watch once but I doubt you will bother enduring the 133 minutes a second time.If you've seen 'Jeremiah Johnson' with Robert Redford this has similar mountain men/wilderness/Indian realism. Quite possibly the makers are trying to emulate Jeremiah Johnson. Similarities end there, Jeremiah Johnson has a really strong story and is a classic film of the genre.The Revenant is badly let down by the script. Which is a shame. It had everything else going for it.Tom Hardy is exceptional and in my opinion far outshines De Caprio. (and De Caprio does a good job in the film) Main aspects plot/script aspects that spoil, what visually was a great film, are 1. de Caprio badly mauled by a bear, leg/ankle broken, chunks out of his flesh to the bone. So badly injured that his companions give him hours to live. He cannot move or speak. Not even when Tom Hardy offers to kill him. Not even when Tomy Hardy decides to suffocate him anyway. Not even when Tom Hardy sticks a knife in De Caprios Indian son. Yet rapidly through the film he has the healing capabilities of Wolverine. Even flowing down an icy river for some time clutching a log. I'm not a survival expert, but doesn't being immersed in icy water kill even a fit and healthy man in minutes? But I forget we are dealing with Wolverine. 2. De Caprio has an Indian son late teens early twenties, who accompanied his tough 'mountain man' father on the expedition. Yet despite his upbringing, massacres n such. When the son 'hawk' finds a man trying to murder his father, his reaction is more like a vicars wife. As a result he is very easily killed. Very implausible. The son is a rather pointless character other than for De Caprio's 'flashbacks' to his Indian wife, who was killed in a massacre. 3. If they had spent 15 of the 133 minutes showing De Caprio the family man. With his happy Indian family of wife and son and their demise. The flash backs may have more relevance. It could also have explained the otherwise pointless mentions of how 'De Caprio' killed an officer. 4. Numerous rather meaningless (because we have been given no real info on this subplot) 'flashback'/visitations of his dead Indian wife. Ripping of Russell Crowe's dreams in Gladiator?5. The initial attacking Indians are searching for the chiefs daughter. Apparently she was stolen at some stage by 2 nasty white men. We see these same Indians trading with French trapers and finally receiving 5 of the French traders horses to assist the Indians in their search. Later, a now much revived de Caprio, comes across the same French trappers. One of which is raping the daughter. De Caprio, whilst stealing a horse helps her (the chiefs daughter) escape from the French trappers. .............................What?6. When De Caprio finally reaches the fort. The Captain wants to go out alone and get Tom Hardy. (Who has run off --- the little rascal) De Caprio even in his wounded condition insists on going with the Captain in pursuit. The fort is presumably manned by soldiers, of which presumably the Captain is one. There are certainly plenty of men with guns. Why did they not take more men? have a posse? Then the poor Captain would not have died. You'd think a military man, experienced in fighting injuns', would have more savvy.7. At the end, the bad injuns finish off big bad Tom Hardy for De Caprio. They then trot on by the wounded De Caprio, the chiefs daughter gives him a final condescending look as she walks her horse past.Uhhh?Summary. : The film is watchable. It's not disastrous.In my opinion the film makers error was doing 133 minutes of man struggles to survive after being mauled by a bear. (And makes a remarkable recovery in a remarkably short space of time)Throwing in a few flashbacks is insufficient to show, that he did in fact have a life, before he met the bear.

Pretending to be realistic, the Revenant bludgeons you with extreme, extended close-ups of gore such as a horror film might do. In this case the pretense of authenticity ("based on real-life events") begs us to suspend our disbelief across too many literally incredible events. The pretense is shredded by various happenings in the film, that go far beyond the limits of reason. Having been badly mauled by the bear, near death and not expected to live, having not eaten for days, our hero lays out in the bitter cold all night without anything but the damp clothing on his back. The hypothermia would have killed any healthy person. Then in his diminished state he goes floating down a northern river in the dead of winter, ice water really, for ten minutes, gets out all wet and manages to survive. So far he would have been dead three times. He evades a chase by a whole gang of Indians firing bullets and arrows at him. Fourth death. He and horse run headlong off an 80-foot cliff. A tree breaks his fall, and he's just fine. Fifth death. It's not an amazing will to live. It's BS.The captain doesn't take a whole crew out with him in the middle of the night in the dead of winter to hunt down the culprit--just the hobbled, ill Glass. Why?This is "real life" events made into a comic book. The film asks us to be gullible fools. It insults our intelligence. It wants to stimulate us with intense violence, a cheap device used all too often in American films. Why? Because it's easy. It works if you let it. You're like, Wow. It speaks to the teenage boy in you. If you're not a teenage boy, move on.Don't let the artistic veneer of the film seduce you into believing it's great. It just uses the same cheap shots as all the films shown in the trailers when I saw it last night--all with explosions, gunfight, gore, occult, etc. Worse, the intense, extended violence in this film could traumatize some. Beware.

Hours of emptiness and snow , i sincerely demand a refund on the lost time. This movie is waaaaay to loooong. Where should i start. First thing , Di Caprice should have died ten times before the end of the movie. Being mauled by a damn grizzly nearly to death and he survived. He was left for dead in a hole while it's freezing , still he survives. Swimming in cold water and not dying of hypothermia , CHECK. Falling from 45 feet cliff without dying CHECK. Left again by the Indian with rotten flesh and not dying CHECK. OK now you begin to think there is some action in this movie. In fact that's the only piece of action you'll get. They filled the rest of the movie with scene of nature from far . I really loved seeing DI Caprice walk for like 5 minutes without any action. Naaah i'm joking it was boring as F. You add to that some Indian gibberish , a lot of vision of his wife flying above him and you get the revenant. It is true that revenir means come back in french. And i going to be very hard to get back from the trauma of boredom that this movie inflicted to me. Last thing : with these kind of weapons, it's just impossible to shoot someone from 110 yard . If you don't want to get boredom , choose something else to watch.

I am not a big fan of Inarritu's films. I hated Birdman and i found some of his previous films very pompous and tedious. But this, this is a masterpiece. Watch it for the photography. Watch it for the choreography. Inarritu takes his time with every scene, but i could not think of anything that should be left out, everything's in its right place.An overall amazing cinematic experience.Poetic, violent, harsh, bold cinema. DiCaprio is as usual excellent in a different role than his previous filmography. Nothing remotely similar comes to mind in the way this story is shot and told. Stunning!

First of all, if Di Caprio would get the Oscar with this movie, that would be a real shock to me.The movie starts quite energetic and attracts the audience, nevertheless when the story starts, it is too slow, quite boring and non realistic. when I watched the movie, I have remembered the road runner that never dies. You must watch the movie without conscious to enjoy. Many scenes and actions are out of nature.Also it is too long, well one can suppose to see good panoramic scenes nevertheless they are not included. I really spent my 3 hours for almost nothing.Simply it was a sample of bad story telling and scene directing for me.

I am going to keep this short. The scenery and cinematography is amazing. The movie is predictable. If you enjoyed "Cast Away" then you might like this movie. Revenant comes down to a movie with few characters, minimal dialogue and a predictable story.My recommendation is to torrent this movie. Do not pay to see this!Scenery = 10 The rest = -1 Score = 4I can not come up with a 10 line review for this terrible movie. I understand that IMDb just wants quality but Revenant is just so bad it does not deserve ten lines of positive or negative text.

I don't get it! How can this movie be rated 8.2? Yes the filming and visual effects were stunning, but the movie was flat out boring. The story is old and over played and the entire movie seemed like a cross between Castaway and Payback. DiCaprio's character gets attacked by a bear, buried alive, rides a horse off of a cliff, careens down a freezing river and gets stabbed, but still survives. Wow, how exciting.And to think that he can even be nominated by an academy award is amazing. He grunted through the entire film and when he finally could speak, he did a bad impression of Marlin Brando in the Godfather.Don't waste your money or time (lots of time) on this movie.

I think this movie is really overrated.The photography is great and the acting is good (i liked the Tom Hardy performance, and I liked the Di Caprio one too, although I think he did better performances in other movies).The plot is really inconsistent and not coherent at all, I do not want to spoiler it but the first part of the movie is well built and believable, the second part feels fake, the behaviour of the captain has no sense and the final sequence remember more a super heroes movie than a "true story" one...I don't wonder at all that the second part of the movie (and of the book), the revenge one, totally divert from the real fact that inspired the book.

Revenge may be a primal human drive, especially in the setting and time period in which "The Revenant" is set, but it makes for a very boring narrative hook if you don't give a hoot about the person seeking revenge or the person that person is seeking revenge against.Alejandro G. Innarritu's latest exercise in human misery is two and a half hours of Leonardo DiCaprio suffering capped off by a showdown that finds him getting what he wants -- the death of the man who left him for dead after being mauled by a bear and then killed his son. Does Innarritu use this story to bring any insight into the human condition? Are we given any reason to care about DiCaprio's character other than a couple of obligatory flashbacks that use narrative shortcuts to tell us that he had a wife who was killed? Could the villain, played by Tom Hardy without a hint of nuance or subtlety, be any more of a caricature? Innaritu directs every single shot with a self-conscious sense of self- importance, as if he's pausing to say to the audience, "Just wait and see how impressed you are going to be with my directorial skill." Too bad it all adds up to such a boring, one-note slog.DiCaprio will win what everyone seems to think is a long overdue Oscar for this performance, despite the fact that he's given the same performance in his last ten movies and he's asked to do no more in this one than grunt, moan, and grimace his way through it. Every time I hear anyone talk about how brilliant he is in "The Revenant," the focus is on how difficult the shoot was, not how well he acted the part. Honestly, the brilliant makeup work is 95% of his performance."Birdman" was the first Innarritu movie I've really liked, and it looks like that was an anomaly. His philosophy seems to be predicated on the belief that human existence is something to suffer through until one finds a reward in the afterlife. Since I don't believe that at all, his movies have nothing to say to me. Grade: C

This film takes to long to reach the end, and when it does you have to wonder if you really care that it did. It begins brilliantly. The landscape is stunning and the attempt at conveying mayhem through a style of cinematography akin to realism makes the action sequences real spectacles. There is a breathless energy to the opening half hour. Its just when the plot is established it simply begins to feel laboured and predictable. The locations are visually stunning and it was this aspect of the film that I found most engaging. Your enjoyment of the film really depends on your capacity to be interested in the principle theme which is revenge. Once the fuse has been lit for this eventual outcome it just seems to go through the motions until this is finally realised. Overall the film looks great it just takes to long to reveal to little.

This movie sounded familiar. So did a little research and surprise! It's a knock-off from a movie from 1971. It's not an original story and the original was much better. Check it out yourself.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067388/ MAN IN THE WILDERNESS 1971.Quoted from the movie: "In the early 1800's, a group of fur trappers and Indian traders are returning with their goods to civilization and are making a desperate attempt to beat the oncoming winter. When guide Zachary Bass is injured in a bear attack, they decide he's a goner and leave him behind to die. When he recovers instead, he swears revenge on them and tracks them and their paranoiac expedition leader down. - Written by Alfred Jingle"

thanks go ogle for translationit's been awhile since I had not had such a bad time at the movies. this film is just bad. the story is not worth a rabbit fart ... I thought being in a zombie movie by time. this age-old story of revenge with which we drunk American film length ... the only guy for revenge against the world, I've had enough, I can not. There I saw myself in rather die hard. After they try to buy their virginity against the genocide of the Indians that was perpetrated THEM and in no event FRENCH (blankets from smallpox is not the sorry French), the rest was largely the French tend to take Women on site, which was unthinkable for basic Anglo-sax that does not take what he sees as an ape as a wife. Add to this inconsistency, cold resistance and infections of the supernatural character DiCaprio who has forgotten that he had died in the icy water in Titanic + icing on the cake: a UNBEARABLE music ... these camera movements m 'also regularly reminded that I was becoming a slug ... I wanted to leave the room after the rape of Indian cursed by the French in the woods, only my half who accompanied me stopped me. This scene is ultimately the only one I loved. The French can unsheathe below -15 ° and still be strong :)

Like everyone who's following the awards season, I believed the hype surrounding The Revenant. Therefore I was disappointed watching it, especially trying to find anything award-worthy in Mr. DeCaprio's performance. After all, his dialogue through most of the movie consisted of grunts and whispers (a bear in your throat will do that) and the breadth of emotion, other than the connection to his son, was primarily grimaces of pain.The scenery and photography were great. How much of it is CGI one cannot tell, though I did learn that locations had to be moved from Canada to South America when the Canadian snow melted, so I suppose there was some "real" ice and snow.Maybe I didn't pay enough attention, and a second or third viewing would answer some of the questions: Where was the movie supposed to be sited? Western US, or Canada? Who were the various friendly and hostile natives? Who was running the trading post? But sitting through 2.5 hours again? No. Once Glass begins to recover, the denouement is predictable and inevitable, but still an hour away....and who cares?

At some points in your life, frequently during an alcohol abetted musing, you will reflect on expended time that you wish you could have back. This movie is one of those times. Boring, pointless and banal, it would have been a trial at 90 minutes. At two and a half hours, it's stultifying. While the CGI and cinematography are impressive, the dialog is creaky, the characters obvious and stereotypical. Even the eventual (and merciful) ending was obvious about halfway through, thanks primarily to the dream state reappearances of the film's eponymous character.I don't pretend to know the criteria that Leonardo Dicaprio employs in selecting certain scripts (like a "Great Gatsby" that F. Scott Fitzgerald would never recognize) but he should have passed on this one. I wish I had.

Fifteen minutes into the film, right after the Native attack that opens the story, two people next to me got up and left the theatre. It was about ten minutes after that that I looked over to my wife, she seemed bored out of her mind. As the credits rolled, I asked her what she thought. She went on to list off all her problems with the film, mainly the length and how 'boring' she found it. I on the other hand, found it utterly visceral in the unrelenting grittiness that bathed over my eyeballs. After a vicious bear attack, Hugh Glass is left battered and beaten. His men try their best to help transport him back to their settlement, yet the harsh environments and tracking Natives on their heels make it near impossible. Three men, including his son, decide to stay behind with him, while the others venture forward. One of those men is Fitzgerald, who only volunteers due to the promise of extra money when they return. Fed up with waiting, Fitzgerald takes matters into his own hands, leaving Glass behind to die. Fueled by revenge, Glass is determined to stay alive, crawl 200 miles and kill the man responsible for leaving him in the dirt.There's been a lot of talk about the behind the scenes drama surrounding this film. Multiple crew members quit mid production over the shooting conditions, which included harsh cold weather, dangerous stunts and only using natural light. The trials and tribulations of those who created this film, benefits us, the audience. The film is absolutely gorgeous and should undoubtedly win Lubezki a third straight Oscar for the cinematography, a first in the Academy's history. There were multiple moments where I simply sat in awe at some of the beautifully painted pieces of nature that both Lubezki and Iñárritu give us. There were many times during this film that I felt like I was watching a Malick film, which makes sense since Lubezki shot The New World, which feels similar to The Revenant. There's been a lot of buzz around Leonardo DiCaprio's performance, how it might finally earn him that alluding Oscar statue. Honestly, he deserves it. The man ate raw meat and he's a damn vegetarian. Most of his performance, which is brutally savage, has him fighting for his life. He doesn't say much, it's hard to talk after having your throat slashed by a bear. DiCaprio always delivers great performances in my opinion, this one took him to his utter limits. It's hard to see another performance this year that deserves it more. I pass equal praise to Tom Hardy who stars as Fitzgerald, the "villain" of the picture. Hardy always seems to disappear into his roles, this one is no different. He's equal parts menacing and rough. DiCaprio is strong and you need just as strong a performance to support him, Hardy does this in spades. I'm sure there are people out there that will have the same reaction as my wife. The film isn't perfect, it has some issues. There are numerous sequences that showcase DiCaprio's dead wife, these elements stall the already lengthy film. Had these sequences been cut out completely, or even down to one scene, it would have helped significantly. The film clocks in just under two and a half hours. That is a long film about a fur trapper slowly making his way across some rough terrain. Add on top of that the long take shots that Iñárritu loves to show off and you have yourself a film that feels long. Iñárritu loves to showoff his fancy camera work, he did this almost obnoxiously with Birdman a film I did like. He does it again here, sometimes to great effect, sometimes to annoyance. The camera gets so close to the actors at times that their heavy breathing literally fogs up the lens of the camera. It takes you out of the experience and reminds you, this is a film.......but what a film it is.

I have never waited so long for so little to happen.
You can't just watch this movie - you endure it.
Great cinematography and di Caprio brilliant as always but I was grateful when the closing credits came along.
I have no intention of ever watching this movie again.

First and foremost, to the crew behind this wonderful movie, to each and everyone, outstanding work!I create film myself, so I'm truly fascinated when I see a complex film brought to light. Every movie that is good is highly difficult to piece together, so the credit is due to every film to have been released. I appreciate the craft more than anything, harsh environments, a specific location and time in the day for each scene, very complex shot that really immerse you into the film from start to end. I could only imagine the beautiful struggles that the crew has gone through to put together a masterpiece such as this one.The attention to details in this film is exceptional. Alejandro González Iñárritu I aspire to become a director of his caliber, wonderful work to Emmanuel Lubezki also, beautiful execution, magnificent performances, amazing team and amazing movie!

This movie had everything I could've possibly wanted out of a movie. Emotion, me at the edge of my seat, investment, beautiful cinematography, a complex but easy to follow story, interesting characters, drama. I loved this tale of revenge because of the ending, which I dare not spoil here. The scene after the opening scene is probably my favorite because of how crazy and riveting it is. I would go to say this is my favorite movie next to Get Out (2017). If you love winter scenery, intense action, some heartbreaking scenes, or all around an amazing R-Rated film, go see it. 10/10.

Stunning proper photography with no shakycam to spoil it. Well worth a watch, highly recommended!

Well.....finally decided the to watch it.Good convincing acting.Very limited dialogue.OK script.However, almost 2 1/2 hours of snow, ice, rivers, mountains, violence, and blood is too much - got a bit boring to be ho est.The story could easily have been told in 1 1/2 hours.

I haven't seen this before tonight on TV (damn ads) and wow that was something else. The cinematography is exceptional and it's that scenery that keeps the action flowing, and the acting was so real it brought me right into the Film. 
I don't comment here often because I'm a man of few words but sometimes I'm compelled to say something after seeing this. 
All in all I gave it a ten because I can't really fault it.

I was slightly disappointed. It was visually cool, but the story wanders sometimes and becomes repetitive and boring. I didn't get to know most of the characters. I don't mind if there's not much dialogue in an action picture or horror movie, but it wasn't as action filled as I hoped. It had some action. I would've liked it more if I got more involved in the story, but the pacing dragged. Leo was really good in it.

The Revenantat certain points in the movie, the director decided not to keep any dialogues and ironically those scene said a lot than any dialogue ever could. as simple as the movie goes there are some moments that will stay with you till the end. the key points of it is definitely acting but also the execution which is equally stunning and scary.

I've read a lot of negative reviews for this film, and I'm not sure what people expect, but we all need to agree that Leonardo DiCaprio's performance was outstanding and he deserved to finally get that Oscar! I'm a little disappointed that the bear didn't win one for Best Supporting Actor lol.As for this film, right from the start - 2 mins in - you realize the outstanding cinematography and editing.Tom Hardy's performance was also outstanding as was the writing for this film.If you haven't seen this film and are concerned by the negative reviews, do yourself a favor and watch it with an open mind and come to your own conclusion... I'm confident you will be impressed!A perfect 10/10 from me!

I feel a bit like a party pooper, especially as The Revenant was deemed worthy of three Oscars, but I was underwhelmed by the film and not even slightly. There's no denying that visually it is a feast, and the well-known scene where Leonardo DiCaprio is attacked and mutilated by a grizzly bear is an cinematic accomplishment all of its own.It's hard to believe – although given the CGI expertise about it shouldn't be – that the scene is entirely and utterly fake: the wood in which it takes place is made up entirely of 'rubber' tree props, the 'bear' is a stuntman in a blue CGI suit and DiCaprio is attached to several harnesses to allow him to seem thrown about by the bear. Which is all fine and dandy and makes for a thrilling experience. But it also leads to questions about Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's reported insistence that his troupe of actors should all go through a week's boot camp so that they get to know and understand the hardship the characters they play suffered and also look the part when it comes to filming.Now, call me an old cynic but that – the reported week in boot camp – is entirely the kind of story the studio press department would like to get out there to drum up a bit of interest, for which read money before the premiere. 'Look,' the story tells us, 'this is the real deal, this is acting really suffering for their art, this is serious filmmaking' with the subtext 'this film is one you really won't want to miss because it is special.' Yes, but is it really?Although Inarritu lost out on the Best Director Oscar, his cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki was luckier and grabbed one of the little fellers for is camera-work. And apparently Lubezki wanted to work with only natural lighting and eschew artificial lighting so much that filming lasted at most four hours a day.Well, for this old cynic it reakkt doesn't quite stack up, and that snippet of news – as well as other stories 'leaking out' that filming was 'so tough' hardened crew simply walked out of the production in protest – most certainly didn't do pre-publicity for the film (and whisper it quietly, the film's Oscar chances) any harm at all. So what of the film? Well, what of it? What is it about? Superficially, it is at tale of survival against all odds. Our mutilated hero, DiCaprio, is left for dead by two men charged with taking care of him – though the younger man is far less culpable than the nasty old Texan played by Britain's Tom Hardy – yet despite his wounds, despite being at death's door for quite some time, despite plunging into icy-cold water several times, despite his skin 'dying' (which I suppose is gangrene), despite being chased be Native Americans, despite riding over a cliff and plunging several hundred feet – despite it, all dear reader, our intrepid hero manages to find his way back to civilisation after almost two months – it is never clear just how long it took - in. Once there, he is not a bit puffed and then sets about chasing down nasty old Tom Hardy and has enough energy to pretty much kill him. (He doesn't actually do the deed - he remembers the wise old words of a Native American who befriends him on the way and leaves the dirty deed that to an troop of Native Americans who also want him dead). And then he dies. Fancy! What a man!Well, I was pretty underwhelmed. I was underwhelmed by the lack of a story, I was underwhelmed by a vague kind of mysticism which permeated the story but which really made little sense at all, I was baffled by the intermittent appearance of a gang of French trappers, I was underwhelmed by the gang of Native Americans whose chief is looking for his daughter, and I was underwhelmed by the film's insistence that a man who was barely alive and could, at first, only crawl everywhere, who ate hardly anything but roots and shoots should still find the energy and resolve to survive hyperthermia finally to get up and walk (and after his supposed exertions) appear to have lost very little weight).Am I being unfair? Well, only if the whole film had not been pitched as 'this is something entirely different – this is real!' At the end of the day it is in many ways an entirely impressive piece of filmmaking but in many other ways it cuts to many corners to be taken completely seriously. For style it gets pretty much top marks, but sadly loses quite badly on content.

One goes to the movies, usually, to be entertained & escape reality... This movie was so gory and graphic that it provided neither an escape from reality nor entertainment. Some of the scenes are stomach turning. The plot is predictable which makes the drawn out length of this horrible movie completely pointless -- the story could've been told in 30 mins. (tops). The acting was pretty mediocre .... Not much acting to be done aside from dragging oneself along on the ground and breathing heavy through half the movie.I honestly couldn't see any reason for the high rating this movie has on this site nor understand the whole Oscar "buzz" over it... Truly one of the worst movies I've seen in a while.To sum up... Don't waste your time. Or if you choose to waste it, make sure you're not eating while you watch... UGH!I'd give this long-winded bit of trash a negative rating if possible.

Revenge should be deliberate and sweet. This was bitter and unrealized.Way over-the-top political correctness. Too many scenes where protagonist has visions of broken churches/crucifixes. Yet glorious visions of trees and nature. The mystic visions of the native in his dreams are portrayed as angelic and wholesome. Whereas any reference to the male and god-forbid white male is depicted in demeaning ways.The movie uses too much Christian stereotypes to portray the evil character as more evil. Glorify the poor natives, degrade/insult the white male at every possible opportunity.Hollywood has become a political wing of the hate-the-white-male democratic party.

How many movies does this one steal from? Let me see. The attack at the beginning is right out of 'Saving Priavte Ryan' with bows and arrows. The scene where DiCaprio's character stays warm by gutting the horse he was riding and sleeping inside it is right out of 'The Empire Strikes Back', and I can almost hear the director saying 'Let's take that a step further and have him actually sleep inside it!' Give me strength. The whole theme of a GOOD WHITE MAN befriending Native Indians in 1800s America is Dances With Wolves. In fact the whole time I was watching this I couldn't help thinking the director was trying to recreate the 'magic' of Kevin Costner's 1990 film and God knows why, as it was pretty schmaltzy to begin with! Then there are the ridiculous scenes in which suspension of disbelief is stretched beyond many films I have ever seen. I am fully aware that this is LOOSELY based on a true story and that Hugh Glass (who DiCaprio plays) actually survived a bear mauling and managed to find his way back to civilisation but in the cinematic version of events we are asked to believe that he also was dragged down a river in freezing temperatures for a few miles when his body had already been put through the proverbial ringer and didn't suffer hypothermia, that a horse he was riding leapt of a cliff with a drop of around 150 feet and that the horse dies but he survives WITHOUT BREAKING A SINGLE BONE. Really? Then there are the clichés. Dream sequences in which we see his now dead wife, flashbacks to how she was killed.And the made up stuff. Why oh why do Hollywood-made films insist on making up things in stories 'based on true events'?? There isn't just artistic license here, the writers saw fit to give Glass a part Native American son which he never had, just to have him killed and give his character more reason to go after his killer. And that's another thing, the real Hugh Glass didn't kill the guy because of the heavy penalty for killing a U.S. soldier, which the guy was at the time.And there is the always irritating to me fact that they insist on casting actors whose accents aren't the actors native ones ie Tom Hardy is English so why cast him as an American? Especially an American in the 1800s? Is he that much of a box office draw? I was quite excited to see this because I loved 'Birdman' so much but this just reeks of a filmmaker trying to attract Oscar attention. It reminds me of when Michael Cimino was given free reign on 'Heaven's Gate' because 'The Deer Hunter' was such a critical and Academy darling, although this is a much better film than 'Heaven's Gate'. I'm giving it 5 stars because of DiCaprio's acting and the absolutely stunning cinematography. The music is quite good too.Oscar nominations? It deserves the following:Actor, Cinematography, Editing, Production Design, Sound Mixing, Sound Editing

THE REVENANT: I realize what I'm about to say will sound like blasphemy to those who consider Alejandro Inarritu a cinematic god, but I gotta call it like I see it. Let me say at the outset, I fully appreciate the artistry of Inarritu's superb direction, his innovative use of highly choreographed and well rehearsed long takes, the splendor of the cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki, the severe climatic conditions and the logistical nightmare it must have been to shoot in such inhospitable locations, the hardships the cast and crew endured and on and on. But, I have learned after decades of performing and directing theater, the average audience member doesn't give a crap about any of that and I have to comment as an average audience member. Nobody cares how hard you worked, that you were in rehearsal for five or six weeks, what obstacles you overcame or what your process was to achieve the finished product, we just want to be entertained or moved in some emotional way or be made to think. The problem here is this: Instead of being emotionally involved, we're sitting in the theater wondering 'how did they do that?'. I found many of his choices to be repetitive. Each new scene beginning with an Ansel Adams-like landscape photograph, skyward shots pointed through the trees, the moon shining through parting clouds, rifle barrels entering the frame in extreme closeup and long tracking shots of beautiful scenery. I admit I had to look up revenant: 'A person who has returned supposedly from the dead'. The film "inspired by true events" is the survival and revenge story of fur trapper Hugh Glass, as played by Leonardo DiCaprio, who was severely mauled by a bear and after some efforts by his companions to save him, is eventually left in the wilderness to die. We then spend the next two hours watching DiCaprio moan, groan, grunt, crawl and stagger through the film while his will to live is fueled by his hallucinations of his dead wife and son urging him to go on. His son, who's mother was Indian, is killed before his eyes by the villain as played by the mostly unintelligible Tom Hardy. Fortunately the visual images are strong enough that we can figure out what's going on without his dialogue. All of Glass' struggles build to an exciting but predictable final confrontation scene. Revenant may possibly be the best directed movie and it is likely that Inarritu will win the Oscar. But is this the best picture of the year? Not by a mile. DiCaprio, who will surely be considered as one of the best actors of his generation, does a fine job. But worthy of an Oscar for Best Actor? Not in my book. As you may recall, I was not particularly impressed with Inarritu's Birdman. I find that he seems more concerned with style ('Look what I can do!') over substance and therefor, sad to say, I felt nothing. Score: 8. Go, but it will leave you cold.

This was a huge disappointment. An event happens in this film that is completely unbelievable. It is a key component of the plot and it is absolutely unrealistic. I became disengaged after this huge mistake. Aside from that, this is a very basic boring film with a plot that has been seen over and over again in film history. The cinematography was excellent as was all of the acting, but that's not enough to make a great film. If the plot is hackneyed, then great acting and camera work can't save it. I was stunned by the music - in a bad way. Is challenging music dead? The producers took a risk of having the audience barely understand most of the dialogue, but they don't trust viewers with challenging music? What will people remember about this film? They will remember all of the hype about how the crew filmed in freezing locations. Suffering does not make a film good.

Recipe for a hit movie nowadays:1) make it long, no shorter than 2.30 hours 2) put some philosophy and self-criticism in it 3) make it so serious that not even a single laughter or joke is heard 4) compose depressive soundtrackI am giving 5 stars for successfully and realistically shot scenes, that's it. Attack of the bear looks so real as well as the fight scenes.Plot is so simple and static that what receives your attention most becomes never-ending and boring winter scenes and you literally get cold seeing them on snow for 2,5 hours.Despite visual success, another pointless movie from the director and leonardo.

After waiting months to watch this and being very excited I feel really let down. Yeah, it was OK but not the epic story and acting that I thought it would be. I was ready for some Leo magic but it just didn't happen...first 30 minutes were great then it just went seriously downhill. It's all about the cinematography in this film and that's all. I really wanted this to be a fantastic film with amazing acting but that just didn't happen. Leo just came across as a boy (again...Titanic) - not the brilliant actor as in Wolf. I'm currently watching the hateful eight and it's not much better...really disappointed. Let's hope eddy redmayne in The Danish Girl is better...that's next on the list.

total man vs wild show. not a good movie. total 2 hour 30 min. you can skip 2 hour easily and sleep in this time. only interesting thing DiCaprio tried his best to survive these tough(impossible) situations for an Oscar.make up and acting was good. but this move lack depth. it tried to show a past event but added lot of impossible and imaginary things. these factors destroyed the simplicity of this movie. again, it's not worth watching. better watch another movie in this time period.this will be a great episode of "remote survival" in national geographic channel.

The best things about this movie are the beautiful scenery and cinematography, the top-notch acting and some interesting dream sequences. But what is it all for? Everyone knows the plot: Somebody killed my (insert loved one) so I'm going to kill him. Have we not seen this a thousand times? Is it really different when shot in the wildernesses of Canada, Montana and Argentina? I almost walked out of the movie after the bear mauling scene. Many have criticized this scene, but what troubled me about it is that a supposedly experienced woodsman would be unaware that you have to flee if you see bear cubs, and if the bear attacks, you're supposed to lie still. Also from what I know an experienced woodsman would be able to tell that a bear was in the vicinity and would leave the area as soon as possible.The movie improved in the last half because the action heated up and there was more dialogue. Tom Hardy deserves an Oscar and DiCaprio deserves a Purple Heart. There was some minor drama involving a third character. I'm just not sure this simple story deserved the enormous amount of effort that went into making this film.

Leo crawling through snow. Leo crawling through water. Leo crawling through mud. Leo crawling through angst. Endlessly. How much of this can one viewer take? Yes its gritty. Yes its gory. Yes its violent. And yes, it is 100% predictable, which means it is not very entertaining. Not for me anyway. The characters are manipulated, the bear is obviously digital and the dialogue is pure 21st century style. Some good performances by DiCaprio and Hardy, but so one note. I thought Gleeson was a poor choice for his role as he seems to lack the power of leadership. "Inspired by True Events" is the lamest way to try to buy credibility. Do yourself a favour and watch Man in the Wilderness or Jeremiah Johnson instead.

An impressive synthesis of even poorer audio quality than Brokeback Mountain; considerably duller than Dances With Wolves-and contains about as much high class cinematography as a gratuitous wet fart on the set of the Blair Witch Project. However if you enjoy Leonardo grappling around dressed in the pelt of a bear in the wilderness along with listening to Tom Hardy's incomprehensible slurs for well over two hours- then this film is for you. If, however you prefer something which has more substance, a well articulated and interesting plot and acting that is worthy of an Oscar, I would perhaps avoid this film more so than the bubonic plague. I found the whole film to be utterly painful to watch, needlessly long and an unfortunate and irredeemable waste of time. Watch Star Wars instead for goodness sake.

Went to watch this movie after reading other online reviews. Found it really boring, long full of BS. I would put this one in the same category as Unbroken and Birdman. This movie as hard to watch as it is to pronounce its Director's name. Stay away if you are not the intellectual types and actually looking for some entertainment from the movie. Leonardo as always is awesome.I agree with some of the positive reviews that the movie is like a visual poetry, where you can actually hear every detail and the shooting in amazing picturesque location gave it unparalleled scenery but I think its made purely for over entitled audiences and award show judges.

I agree with several other writers that this movie turns out to be a disappointment to the exception of the cinematography...i truly don't believe that Di Caprio should get an Oscar for this performance which in view of the plot could have been done by any stupid super-hero type actor like chuck Norris, Steven Seagall, Jean-Claude Van Damme, this is way too unreal for being a good movie in my book...but since everybody seems to be under the opinion that Leo deserves an Oscar for his career, he may very well get it for this one, i think it would be sad, he has done much better movie performances, for example his performances in "The great Gastby and Django Unchained, or Inception or even Catch me if you can are much better without a doubt. Enjoy anyway if you watch it...

The short summary of the movie above basically is the movie. "A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team." And then he comes back and gets his revenge. And they drag this on for 2 and a half hours. No wonder there are so many shots of they sky. Best actor? For what? Eating raw liver? Is that all it takes to get best actor thesedays? No interesting dialogue or confrontation. This is just a bad movie. Bad directing. Acting wasn't bad but certainly wasn't Oscar worthy... or maybe it is worth it since Oscar is worth garbage thesedays.

Very long movie for a thin story! A lot of closeup violence without moving the story forward. Father motivated by revenge but why is the commander of the base so eager to put his life in danger for a "scouts" loss.Closeup filming with wide angle lens to the point where it just becomes tiresome. I wonder how many times the actors bumped their heads into the camera lens.High point of movie is Bear-Mauling Scene after this fast forward button is your friend! No loss if you don't watch this movie.Similar to The Soldier, Leo and Kurt Russel hardly speaks in the movie.

Really now, beside the landscape and the performance of Tom Hardy, everything else was boring. I do not understand why and how this movie was selected for so many Oscar nominations.The story is more than predictable, Caprio acting is limited as his character has its limitation (I do not want to write spoilers), the rest of the team, beside Tom Hardy which in my opinion was great, are below average.I consider this movie the best candidate for Rotten Tomatoes, not at all for the Oscar statue. Even if Caprio made some sacrifices in order to perform (temperatures, eating, etc.), I do not consider that the Oscar nominations should be awarded for such reasons.This movie was equal to boring time for me.

"The Revenant": Do you want to encompass that feeling of surviving some of the most intense circumstances that could happen to a human being? Well then, I give you "The Revenant"! I just saw two films about survival; one was legitimately great and the other wasn't, this here is hands down is the great one. Set back in the 1820s when a man, Hugh Glass, is left for dead in the wilderness to fend off against wildlife, ravaging natives and pillagers on his journey to seek vengeance against John Fitzgerald; the person responsible for the wrongs that were dealt to him. This was an obvious passion project for director Alejandro Inarritu, the cinematography is some of the best that I've seen this year or even in the last few years. I would even say that the camera work done in this movie puts some parts of his last film, "Birdman", to shame. This was really something to admire for the effort put into the technical aspects alone. There were moments where I couldn't believe they captured what they did on location with using all natural lighting instead of studio enhancement, which was a giant risk that completely paid off. And any times there was CGI implemented was flawless; all the effects in this film were done with a lot of perfectionism because I could never tell I was watching a film, I saw a man struggling for dear life to make it out alive in a series of awful situations. So many times I kept trying to figure out how they did what they did on the screen, but immediately dropped it because I just wanted this guy to stop getting attacked before I had a stroke from the stress.Leonardo DiCaprioman, if you don't finally get an Oscar for the grueling process that you must have gone through for this then something is clearly wrong going on there! He did a crazy good job in this film, I won't say this is my favorite role of his, but out of all his performances this is probably the hardest work he's done and it definitely shows on screen. The whole time I was biting my nails hoping that he lives, each and every time something goes south. I could have probably used a bit more comradery between his character Glass and his son, but as it is I thought it worked well for his character to not be so easy to relax. Tom Hardy also does a good job as Fitzgerald; at this point, I'm not fully sure as to where he is even from anymore. Within the same year I've heard him have an Australian accent, two separate British accents, and now a southern/Texas accent. He's always a joy to watch and from the start, you just know that this dude is a bit messed up in the head. When he goes into detail as to whyyou get it. It's always interesting to see what Hardy does next and how adaptable of an actor he can be with 5 different roles in a single year to come out, all totally different going from one to the next. He can be the perfect hero, or in this, the perfect villain. And the climax between DiCaprio and Hardy is at least a heart attack and a half. There is no choreography going on here, it is two men getting down and dirty to kill the other. It is brutal to watch and I couldn't look away for a second, just kept yelling out "OUCH"!Now if I have any gripes or criticisms about the film, I'd say that it does drag slightly during the second act and probably could have been cut down a tad. There were some gratuitous shots of trees a number of times as well as some voice overs that could have probably been left out. As it is though, this was still quite the ride. It will end up probably in my top ten of the year, but there are still a number of others that I still have to see first. If this plays near you then I recommend seeing this if what I've said sounds like your cup of tea, it's without a doubt worth the sit.

Its worse then a Michael Bay film. It made me want to rip my eyes out of their sockets and vomit all over the floor. The bear scene was disgusting. Bestiality should never be shown to the naked eye. I will be scarred for all of eternity. I would rather watch "The Act Of Seeing With One's own eyes" then watching a movie like "The Revenant." At least necrophilia only involves dead bodies and no animals. Anyways, back to the movie review. There are three words that describe the Revenant the best. "It is death." Yeah, it's that bad. This movie is on a whole new level of diarrhea. The movie is basically flooded with it. Just wanted to get my opinion out on the Revenant since it is arguably the worst movie of all time.-By: Anal Bud

Here's a film that has almost no redeeming qualities. It spends much too much time with "in your face" symbolism or dwelling on gruesome pictures of wounds, dead carcases, bleeding sores, etc. There is one mishap after another, which might make for great reading but which makes for a boring film. After all, this isn't survivorman, and even that is better than this. Really, How many ways can Leonardo get hurt? Shot, stabbed, fall off a mountain, get hit in the head,... OH, and did I mentioned, get mauled by a bear.Now imagine Leonardo in a fight with Tom Hardy? What are the chances that Leonardo, on the best day of his life, could take Hardy, on the worst day of his life? What a big disappointment. If you want a good film about trappers, try Jeremiah Johnson or Centennial. This film is a big big loser.

This films exposes Leonardo DiCaprio as a mediocre actor. Never at any point is the viewer able to get past his awkward over-acting and be drawn into the film. DiCaprio was entirely miscast in this role. He still looks too young to have a teenage son and the makeup and hair in this film doesn't change that perception. None of it is convincing. He even manages to make the real stunts look fake. Aside from that, the film is terribly slow and isn't over when you want it to be. It's gratuitous to a comical level in its violence, which cheapens it and makes it gimmicky. I actually laughed during the film's climax because it was so absurd. Tom Hardy stole this movie however. Watch this movie for his performance because everything else will let you down, from the acting to the plot and the dialogue. Even the bear phoned it in. Ugh, this movie was so disappointing and it bothers me that so many people loved it.

Please don't pay to watch this film, unless you like wasting your time as well as your money. However it starts with much promise, the opening scene was incredible, it has to be one of the most immersive spectacular opening scenes I've watched since The Dark Knight. And the visual assault continues as they evade their attackers. We are plunged into more spectacular scenery as a small group of men try to escape the Indian attackers in a vast snowy wilderness where only Leo knows his way around the mountainous land. Once they progress through the wild, Leo gets attacked by a grizzly bear. This is one of the most important scenes in the film where Leo is left in a critical condition and what a fantastic scene it is. So realistic and intimate you can practically feel the power of the bear from your seat. Once Leo is left for dead by Hardy, the film ends for me. Be prepared for another couple hours of just snow, crawling and Leo surviving almost certain death experiences. And to be honest, you'll be wishing he had died so you could have left earlier. As for the dialogue, well of what little dialogue there is, it mostly goes to Hardy who obviously decided he's incapable of doing a Texan accent so decides to mumble his way through his lines. Overall the film is character-less. The whole story is based around Leo's quest to avenge his sons killer. Iñárritu is unsuccessful in making us empathize with Leo. In my opinion, this is ultimately why the film failed. It could have been an incredible film but Iñárritu failed drastically in everything but the fantastic scenery. Leo will inevitably get his Oscar and for what, a performance which solely contained him just crawling around surviving, Madness.

Forget the hype likely brought to you by those who think the Batman films are high art with religious overtones.This is a silly, over the top, confused, ugly slog that is often laughable. The opus opens with dimwitted trappers in the Rocky Mountains, circa 1820 or so, being attacked by Indians. Rather than take shelter or even lay down to fire back at the arrow shooting Indians, the trappers mill around offering good targets for said Indians who pick off maybe half of their number. The trappers decide to split the scene after a bit and that's that with that for a while. Along the way home, one of their number gets attacked by a remarkably ineffective grizzly bear. Now the bear has an open season on this guy, bites him a dozen times, mauls him repeatedly yet doesn't kill him which should get the bear the ursine Oscar for the worst performance by a bear in a supporting role. The boys face a confused crisis - do the trappers stay around waiting for the guy to recover or continue to flee a bunch of lackadaisical Indians who may be vaguely sauntering after them at a leisurely pace? They split the difference delegating a subcommittee to hang out while the majority flee. When the subcommittee withdraws from their nursing duties, the mauled guy gives chase. So here's a guy who should be dead but he endures more on his trek back than most hale and hearty humans can take. I won't list them all but check this one out. He flees some Indians who may be the the attackers or maybe not (there are many factions none of which are clear) by taking a long swim in a partly frozen river. Huh? The passengers who hit the water at the Titanic sinking lasted maybe 45 seconds. In water of similar temperatures, this half dead baby faced actor lasts hours emerging no worse for wear. Well, why not. Anybody who can stand up to a sustained grizzly bear attack must view a few hours swim in near frozen water nothing more than refreshing. Along the way he manages to steal the world's first and maybe only repeating flintlock pistol. These smooth-bore arms are universally tack driving accurate. One guy uses his musket to pick off a rider over 200 m away while our baby faced frozen trapper has no trouble making a 50 m offhanded shot from his galloping horse hitting a rider on another galloping horse. Camp Petty calls these guys. In the end, the thing wraps up with more Indians wandering on set to fulfill a prophecy of baby face's now dead wife and although he gets stabbed a few more times, he remains doing just ducky. Grim, confused, miserable and at parts laughable - today's high art.

Oh what can I say about The Revenant? It's a two and an half hour epic with Leonardo DiCaprio doing his darndest to act like an injured man abandoned and trying to survive in a world of harsh elements and enemies, but unfortunately he's also up against a cast of others whose acting, to put it bluntly, just plain sucks. I've never seen Tom Hardy overact before, but here you have an example of it and it isn't pretty. I guess when you're doing three or four blockbusters a year, one of which requires you to play two different people, you have a hard time putting your heart and soul into your character.DiCaprio is also up against a script that kept me scratching my head. Everything in it seems borrowed and haphazardly pieced together: the opening action sequence seems borrowed from Saving Private Ryan (only with arrows and hooting "Indians" instead of guns and Nazis); the mood seems borrowed from Into the Grey; the main character borrowed from Dances With Wolves (although stripped of all humanity and charm). Nothing seems new here. Furthermore, none of the characters are developed, likable or relatable. They are all fowl mouthed, brutal, murderous savages, including DiCaprio's character, whose only connection to humanity is his love for his son; and in regards to that, only God knows why, since the kid is so miserable, bitter and brooding himself.The Revenant is visually stunning (I'll hand it that), and if you can suspend your disbelief, you are in for a real treat. Personally, however, I couldn't get into the grand finale, when DiCaprio is sprinting, as nimble as a doe, through the ice and snow, when just a few weeks before in this movie time a great big bear mauled him so savagely that he barely clung to his life, tearing his flesh to shreds and breaking several of his bones--not to mention every thing that happens to him AFTER that--yet he's somehow back to full strength for the obligatory revenge scene. When exactly did his broken leg heal without being set or put into a cast, for example: when he was tumbling helplessly down a waterfall or when he was single-handedly taking on an entire French brigade?No. Sorry, Alejandro González Iñárritu. You can throw all the finesse in the world into your movie pal, but if it doesn't ring true, I won't be emotionally engaged.So there you have it: my take on The Revenant.

Overall, this is a solid film with great cinematography and a full appreciation of a way to draw viewers into the rawness of the frontier during the time period which the film set. DiCaprio gives a very invested performance. Without giving too much away, the infusion of reality that is necessary to come through and actors nonverbal performance is very present. The entire venue becomes somehow colder, more isolated, more barren... This is very much one to watch in theaters or high-quality home venues. The efforts are applauded and a quality story is told.How it fares on the road to the Oscars may be a different story but DiCaprio certainly has given Depp and all competitors a run for their money. Hats off to Leonardo based on the premise that he has definitely developed and progressed tremendously as a thespian.Highly recommended, not for the faint of heart. Solid film, a nice return the storytelling and cinema.

The first hour and a half or so of this film is deserving of an 11/10. This film has some of the best cinematography i have ever seen in my life. Along with that DiCaprio gives perhaps his best performance of all time. This is a very visually structured film meaning that there is very little dialogue and a lot of DiCaprios is in a different language anyway. The film takes its time and doesn't clog the audience with excessive exposition. Many complaints on this site are against the depth of all of the characters but after watching it three times you begin pick up on the point of the flashbacks. You see what DiCaprio and this boy went through many years ago and you begin to understand Dicaprios deep connection with his son. Tom Hardy also gives an excellent performance as well. He does not have these flashbacks but that is because the audience can figure out all they need to know about him through his actions. Hardys character did have a role in which more dialogue was given and in every sentence he spoke and every move he made you would begin to dive further and further into the character and understand the extent of his insanity. There are some quick flashbacks of Hardys character that I have yet to decipher. The only flaw that i could find with the movie is that DiCaprio suffers life threatening injuries one too many times. The first hour and a half is one of the best movies I've ever seen with the second have being one of the best films of the year. Phenomenal movie for those who can endure it.

First, let me dispense with the good. The scenery is stunning, vivid, real; truly awe inspiring. The scenery is committing a faux pau, by "Chewing the scenery" in this film. Revenant is Inspired by true events, true events that might have been exciting to children in 1890 perhaps. The true story is yawn inspiring. A 19th century fur collector is left for dead by his friends after being eviscerated by a bear, quite reasonably I might add, considering medical technology at the time. The erstwhile appetizer for a bear is outraged that they took his gun and kit, so he crawls back to the fort and confronts his former friends and gets his gun back. No one dies, until a decade later the Indians finish off where the bear left off. End of story. How exciting, says my 95 year old Grandfather, who considered watching paint peel entertainment in 1927. Well.... Hollywood has to spice the story up and make it something more worthy of Leonardo and Tom. After all both men can and have done solid work, so certainly they need the plot to have a little more vim and verve to it. How do you do it? It's tough.... after all in real life the only homicidal actor in the whole event was the damn bear. So Hollywood gives Leonardo a son who tags along on his Dad's fur trapping adventure. Better yet Hollywood lets Tom Hardy eviscerate said son far more effectively than the bear could Leonardo and as a cherry on top, let's the helplessly wounded Leonardo watch his son die hard. There you have it. Leonardo now has the will to live, if only to treat Tom Hardy to the feast of wounds the bear subjected him to. Thus begins a two hour epic journey of revenge that leaves you wishing that the bear and Indians had just killed all the actors at the beginning of the film. The only truth in the whole movie is spewed by Hardy as he dies, when he grimly tells Leonardo that killing him won't bring his son back, nor alas our wasted three hours. In the end I am glad they spiced up the historical events, because as I said from the start, said historical events were boring and needed some steroids. However, it's a one dimensional movie dominated by the scenery and the facial expressions Leonardo and Tom make throughout the film. We needed more bear....

So yes the cinematography is excellent. Lubezki (the main camera man) has drawn on all his experience from his work with director Terence Malik - not a static shot to be noticed. However, and it is a big HOWEVER, the actual screenplay itself I feel is where the movie is let down big time. I just frankly feel that the story asks too much of the viewer. As per Blake Snyders "double mumbo jumbo" rule (viewers can only accept one piece of magic per film) Iñárritu expects us to believe three:1. Glass survives a bear mauling (fair enough)2. Glass survives a bear mauling AND a post-icy river swim in sub zero temperatures with no pneumonia3. Glass survives a bear mauling AND a post-icy river swim in sub zero temperatures with no pneumonia AND a serious jump off a cliff on horse backI'm sorry but I find this absolute nonsense. Why go to such great lengths in a film to try to show grit and realism with your cinematography and characters etc, only to spoil it by adding in some balls that the Hollywood exec thought "I think they'll buy it..." ?Poor show me thinks.

The Revenant was fantastic. It's definitely worth seeing in theaters. Movies like this are a truly rare experience.First of all, the obvious. It is a visual and technical masterpiece. Filmed on location in the wilderness with all natural lighting, this is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. It truly feels like you're placed in the American frontier along with the characters. It's a stunning mix of old, new, and groundbreaking film techniques.The film makers went through hell in order to create as authentic of an experience as possible. No obvious and glossy CGI special effects here. Even an avalanche was created for real by detonating explosives in a mountain. Also, all of the actors fully committed to look and act the part of hardened wilderness explorers.However, this movie isn't for everyone. This isn't a romanticized patriotic flick like most Hollywood movies set during America's early history. It's visceral and savage, examining the relentlessness of nature and the harsh reality of frontier life. The fight scenes aren't just set pieces designed to entertain the audience. They're gripping and absolutely brutal. I've seen bloodier movies, but almost none have felt this real. It's obvious that a lot of the stunt work was done by the actors because there are no quick cuts or cheap editing tricks during the action sequences. Even Tom Hardy, who can be seen pole vaulting onto vehicles in Mad Max: Fury Road, was concerned about the safety of some of the stunts he had to perform. That being said, this is NOT an "action" film. Much time is spent on the captivating landscapes and quiet moments of being alone in nature.The story is simple. It's about the fight for survival over limited resources in the wild. It almost feels like a nature documentary because the people are just another species trying get by. Almost all violence erupts from the need for self preservation. The bear that attacks Glass is simply defending it's cubs. And even the villain of the story is driven by fear, not just because he's the "bad guy". The acting is all phenomenal. There wasn't a single mediocre performance. I doubt we'll ever see a film like The Revenant made again.

Firstly I've given the film a four for the opening scene and the bear attack and that's about it . The only part of the film worth watching is the first ten minutes . The rest of it is basically di caprio rolling around in pain and surfering. Visually the film is nice , but we also need to be entertained and this film just didn't do it. I also can't understand why di caprio got an Oscar for this, he's acted much better in many films. I'm not saying he acted bad I'm a great fan of his , but the film didn't use di caprios acting abilities at all , he just has to look in pain the whole time and that was it . The way the movie was hyped I really was expecting a masterpiece but it's far from it , not much dialogue , no action and it gets very boring just watching scene after scene of pretty much the same thing. Waste of time watching it on my opinion.

The Revenant is beautifully shot, but the story is poorly told. one hour into the movie I still had no care for any of the characters. which makes it extremely dull for me to get through. It is like watching a documentary without introduction, narration or storyline. other than the cinematography i have nothing positive to say about this film. I cannot understand why this movie get so much appraise. it should have been edited down to a 30min shortfilm and not be two hours and thirtysix minutes long.this is two hours and thirtysix minutes of completely wasted time i cannot get back. You can ask me why I use my time writing about it. answers is...So you have a chance to avoid wasting time on this movie.

I finally got around to watching "The Revenant" last evening. It won three Oscars (total) for best actor (DiCaprio); best director; and best cinematography. Anyone who watches it should win an award for perseverance.The story is about a man and his son, both fur trappers, who get caught in the middle of all sorts of savagery. Their hunting party is attacked by Indians and most of their men are killed. After trying to come to some sort of plan, the remaining parties set on for a nearby fort. DiCaprio's character goes off on his own (to hunt, I suppose) and is savagely mauled by a grizzly bear. He is then left for dead by his own hunting party, and the remainder of the film has him searching for the person responsible for killing his son, a fellow hunter named John Fitzgerald, played superbly by Tom Hardy. First of all, I was not impressed all that much by this film. I do not understand the rave reviews it got, and am even more turned off by the tales of its over-bearing director. Rumor has it that Tom Hardy choked his ass out!! But I digress. I am glad DiCaprio won the Oscar, but anyone who knows his work knows he should have won for other roles. I had a huge problem with the ending. The viewer has to sit through almost three hours of watching a man savaged by animals, other men, and the elements, with the only thing keeping him alive--his revenge on the guy who murdered his son. Yet, the ending seemed so contrived to me that it was as though the director said, "Okay; I've had it with this project. Time to go home." Either that or it's akin to having sex for better than two and half hours with absolutely no pay off.Rated "R" for graphic violence, rape, castration, and nudity.

I had high hopes for this film given fuss about it and Leonardo's turn. I was not impressed by either especially the film. The film is BORING and if one enjoys seeing Leonardo grunting and crawling from one scene to another than that is another matter. There was almost zero development of the characters and much style and good cinematography to hide this. Style and cinematography which we have seen before - think True Grit, some Tarantino films The director tried to elevate it to something spiritual at some point by superimposing some Indian chants, wisdom over a flickering night sky and some goings on. It was so derivative and predictable especially if one had seen the film Gladiator, a much superior film which was truly about the journey of a tortured soul physically, mentally and spiritually that managed to be engaging on all fronts. This film tries hard to be that but fails. The Revenant tried to be 'factual' and real (laughable) and showing the horrors of hunt or be hunted by being in the midst of action without being engaging. In doing this it impinges one of the worst horrors on the viewer - Boredom.

First of all, I very much like survival movies in the wild. I also am interested in the history of the era and location. The trappers, the Métis, the different Indian nations and bands, the voyageurs, the men, the (indigenous) women,... And the film starts promising with great photography and a fitting score. Everything seems set for a breathtaking movie. Alas, it soon turns out that the characters are totally underdeveloped. Especially the main character and his son. We know little about them except for the tragedy that befell their wife / mother. It leaves us in the cold with not even a carcass to hide in. The revenant is a caricature of groaning and limping. Not such good acting at all. Then Leonardo deserved it far more in other films such as "J. Edgar". The opening battle scene is spectacular, but largely unrealistic. The motivation for the attack is also ambiguous and far-fetched. A historical travesty. The daughter of the Arikara chief was supposedly kidnapped by a group of voyageurs, apparently as it turns out later for the sake of lust and sadism. Why would the voyageurs deliberately make enemies in such a way while there was much more to be gained by a Marriage 'à la façon du pays' with an Indian woman of importance? This was far more the custom with them than with – what the director would call – "the Anglos". The relations between the French-speaking voyageurs and the natives was in general a lot better than between the Americans and the natives. The voyageurs needed local allies and suppliers of food far more than the Americans with their forts. In fact one of the reasons for the Arikara war was that the Americans undermined the position of the Arikara of middlemen in the fur trade. But Hollywood has to give it a spin and introduce and outside source of absolute evil. All of the other protagonists have rational motivations – even John Fitzgerald and mother bear. Then the film becomes simply ridiculous when – after being badly mauled by the bear and having had to recover for a lengthy period – the hero stumbles upon the kidnapped girl and frees her from the camp of voyageurs (who else?) while the Arikara supposedly attacked the Americans to steal the pelts to trade them for horses from voyageurs in order to be able to catch up with the kidnappers, who must have left easy tracks in the snow and barren winter landscape. Go figure! Finally when the revenant has recovered from his terrible wounds and infections he goes after John Fitzgerald for a two-way slaughter party of gaping wounds. I guess there was not enough blood yet for an Oscar-worthy movie?

Well acted and well photographed, yet unfocused, as it is told from multiple perspectives (DiCaprio's, Hardy's, and the Native Americans) , while I think Hardy's character was much more interesting and conflicted than DiCaprio's. Film turns DiCaprio's character into a sort of wilderness superhero, able to survive being mauled by a bear (twice) , hypothermia, near drowning, and, in the film's best scene, a fall from a great height while on horseback. However, its dramatic effect is largely negated by the fact that the scene was shown in the trailer. Even worse, by that point in time, we are positive he will survive, considering all he has already lived through. There's a difference between resilience, being determined to survive, and being an indestructible (and unrelateable) superhero.

Imagine a cross between Jeremiah Johnson, Get Carter and Superman and you have The Revenant (sounds pretty good). This is basically an old fashioned revenge saga. Now I know it's a remake of the superior Man In The Wilderness starring the late great Richard Harris but it really did get a bit carried away with itself.The filming is great and the huge landscapes are the real stars of the show. The problem, as in so many movies these days, is one of plausibility. Without giving too much away our hero (DiCaprio) survives not one, not two, not three but about 7 brushes with CERTAIN death. Colossal loss of blood, wet clothes in a sub zero environment, strangling, smothering, , falling off a cliff, drowning, knives, guns, Indians, baddies, gangrene..................the list goes on and on and all that was really missing was a red cape, a kiss curl and a cameo performance from Stan Lee.Awards should go to the technical folk and it must've been a tough shoot for the cast but when you boil it all down there's a lot more gravy than meat and potatoes.

Probably the most pointless, if not stupidest, movie I have wasted time on this year. All I saw was: the bear was ramming into, slapping, gnawing at Leo's face, neck, body, hands and legs. At one time it was literally CHEWING his hand and leg. However, in that freezing weather, without any medication, proper care or food, after being choked and put through the mental anguish of seeing his son killed right in front of his eyes, he managed to make it all the way to his first meal. The rest of the movie was, like everyone said, nothing.I saw Leo was PLAYING PITIFUL to be considered for an Oscar! This is PA.THE.TIC.

Just to say a little, I watch a lot of movies. I know when a movie is technically sound and when a script is mediocre. I was excited about going to see this movie. Everything seemed interesting, DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Alejandro as director. However, this movie was not engaging throughout the movie. The first 35 minutes of the movie are good, then around the second act, it gets crucially dull, then the last 35 minutes are good, but the plot of the script of this movie is not intriguing. The movie could have been shorter and it would have been better in my opinion. The characters were very flat, however, Tom Hardy's character was by far the most multi-dimensional and characteristic. The cinematography was astonishing in every aspect, the acting was great, but the story was monotonous and slow paced. I would not recommend this movie.

The above mentioned caption is the highlight of the movie. Reason for watching this movie was only one. Leonardo got the Oscars for the very first time after being nominated for 6 times. But but but.. wrong movie and character to get him the big Oscar. A very simple revenge story . Dialogue writer(s) had nothing to write for Leonardo. the movie tried to cash in on Leo only. Camera work was not good. Whole time the camera was on the faces of the characters . Or the things which were in the movie.The survival of Leonardo was not logical after getting so much hurt(completely dead). Only 4 recognizable characters in the movie which you forget also, few minutes after the movie ended. Leo , Tom , Bear , AND the wallpapers(cinematography of sun , moon , trees , ice ) shown in the movie. Last word : didn't like it after so much hype.

I walked in the theater to watch The Revenant with a lot of anticipation, expecting a thrilling, hi octane show. I walked out exhausted, utterly disappointed and a lot more cynical about the Academy Awards. To begin with, the bear scene was probably one of the most horrifying scenes I have watched on the big screen in a long time. Yes, it does leave an impact and you are shaken. But probably, that was the only thing worth watching in the film. Of course the landscapes were breathtaking, the long shots awe- inspiring, the contradictory depiction of nature at its most beautiful and yet harshest was impeccable. But this was not a National Geographic documentary we had gone to see. We went to see a great tale being told masterfully. Unfortunately, there was no tale to be told. The linear, predictable, revenge story was probably the lamest I have seen in movies in a long time. The seventies' angry young man revenge stories in Bollywood had more meat, metaphorically speaking. Of course, The Revenant had more physical meat of all kinds on display. Horse meat, bison meat, pig meat, fish meat, human meat – you name it, and it was there. And all this graphic display of gore and flesh and violence, all seemed to be just a big fat gimmick than anything else. When you do not have a story to tell, you need to resort to gimmicks to keep the audience occupied. The dialogues were unnecessary. If you watched this in mute, I do not think it would have made much of a difference to your experience. This film has a motley group of characters, all flat through and through. There is no evolution of characters, there is not back stories for us to relate to, there is no point of emotional connect where we start empathizing with them. The apologetically shown snippets of Glass's back story left us wanting more. We would have loved to feel a bit more of his tragedy than just some floating (literally!) fragments of his imagination and dreams. Fitzgerald had better range – when facing imminent death, he tries to have a conversation on moralities with Glass after all his immoral acts – but still not worthy of an Oscar nomination. The rest were all perfunctory. This was technically a period film, but being set in the wild, hardly had any scope of interesting detailing as period films would usually have. The whole premise also feels very fantastical. The catastrophes that befell Glass every other scene seem too contrived. And that he actually survives all that in such inhospitable conditions seems highly improbable. Yes, if it was a movie about miracles, and not the sheer mental strength and vengefulness of the principal protagonist, it would have made more sense. I fail to see, besides a snapshot of a grand vision, what was so great directorially, for Iñárritu to fetch an Oscar for direction. Coming to Leonardo's much awaited acting Oscar, yes, I love him and believe he deserved one for sure. But not for this movie. He has given more nuanced performances earlier in movies such as The Aviator, The Wolf of Wall Street, Shutter Island, The Departed, to name a few. In The Revenant, he really did not have much scope to demonstrate his superlative acting skills given the circumstances his Glass was in. With a lot of well-crafted prosthetics, a face full of hair, a strange language to speak in, all he had to do was crawl and grunt and whisper. Where really did he get an opportunity to "act"? Go watch it, if you really do not have anything better to do.

From the opening moments of The Revenant, I knew this film was going to be special. Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's film opens with a mesmerising battle sequence, both brutal and beautiful in its execution, and goes on to tell a captivating story of survival and revenge that will remain as one of the more memorable cinematic experiences I will ever have.When a party of fur trappers are driven off course by an attack from a Native American tribe, they look to Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio), a frontiersman who knows the territory well, to set them on a new one.After being mauled by a grizzly bear and with his life hanging in the balance, Glass is eventually left for dead by members of his own hunting party, leaving him facing a fight for survival and a chance of revenge, if he can survive the harsh conditions.The troubles that the film faced during filming have been well-documented, with crew members quitting due to the harsh conditions and locations however, the finished product would suggest to me that it was all worth it because The Revenant really is an amazing piece of filmmaking.I left the cinema absolutely breathless, mainly just because of how visually stunning the film is. There are shots that will leave you opened-mouthed and shots that will simply leave you questioning, "How?!". The decision to shoot the film in natural lighting is a brave one and it really adds such an authenticity to proceedings. There's a moment late on in a forest where the only light given off is from torches and it's just glorious.Cinematographer, Emmanuel Lubezki, really is in a rich vein of form in his career and his work on The Revenant really is up there as some of the best I have ever seen, his wide shots showcasing the vast and beautiful mountainous terrain and his long takes during the opening battle sequence, taking us from tussles on the floor to horseback in one flowing motion, setting the film off in such pulsating fashion. Lubezki has won the last two Academy Awards for cinematography, expect the third one to be his come the end of February.The film's length has come under a bit of scrutiny but I could have easily sat through a further half hour, I was that engrossed in Glass' search for revenge. The film is a basic tale of survival and revenge yet, through Inarritu's filmmaking choices and narrative, there feels so much more to it all. There is one intense scene that has already made the headlines for all the wrong reasons and that is the moment Glass is mauled by a grizzly bear. Obviously created through CGI yet feeling as real as anything else in the film, it really is an outstanding moment that I will just have to wait for the blu-ray to see just how they did it.Coming to the performances, The Revenant is just as strong as other departments. Leonardo DiCaprio leads the film as Hugh Glass and it's much more of a physical performance than anything else, using his eyes and facial expressions to great effect throughout. By the end, you feel as if you have gone through everything, from freezing cold conditions to eating just about anything to survive, with Glass. While I don't think this is his best performance, it's still one of such a high standard and I will be cheering him on for the much coveted Academy Award for Best Actor.DiCaprio is joined by an impressive supporting cast, headed by the always impressive Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald. Hardy again possesses a bit of mumble here though it's not hard at all to make out what he is saying but I did notice more than ever in this Hardy performance just how much he uses his eyes in his acting. Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter are also on hand to provide able support, Gleeson as Captain Andrew Henry and Poulter as the naive Jim Bridger.I am aware that, like many of the films going for gold during awards season, The Revenant has leaked online however, I urge you to seek it out at your nearest cinema because it really is an immersive cinematic experience that simply has to be seen on the big screen.

The opening scene - with all the action and the amazing camera work - is really strong, as well as Leo's scene with the bear, which looks frighteningly realistic. But as the story unfolds, and Leo's character finds himself alone in the wilderness, the movie becomes very slow paced, even boring at times. Not much happens from that point on, and what does happen you can pretty much see coming. Also, to be honest, DiCaprio is not doing a lot in this movie, other than moaning, crawling, running, swimming and shouting. Sure, he does a fine job with the material he got, but there's nothing extraordinary about his performance. Furthermore, there are some great scenes involving animal corpses, but all in all it's an average adventure/drama that's biggest strength is that it was very well shot.The Revenant might deserve an Oscar for best cinematography. Make-up and visual effects are also outstanding. But apart from that it really doesn't live up to the hype.6/10

~~~ could be a spoiler, not sure ~~~~~~~Could have seriously spent 2.5 hrs of my life elsewhere... The movie was one of the slowest movies that I have seen with a lot of redundant parts excruciatingly inserted in it. I found it painfully exhausting and after 2 hours couldn't resist opening my eyes. This movie is part of a genre which urges all viewers to view it from a certain defined perspective without having itself carefully constructed that perspective prior to the commencement of the actual plot. The director and actors assume that irrespective of whatever your taste you'll somehow comprehend their narrowly defined perspective, and view the movie a certain way. With the intent to appeal to a particular cult of movie-goers, the movie team does not do justice while elucidating or construing their desired perspective to appeal to ALL audience types. As such, for a normal viewer, the movie might appear increasingly bland and exhausting unless he/she adheres to that extraordinary perspective envisaged by the proponents if this movie. For a viewer like me, excluding certain parts and themes, I wouldn't be able to differentiate between this movie and a documentary "Richard Attenborough's- life of a Northern explorer". While the acting was good, I would not describe it as being out of this world. I admired Leonardo's perseverance but it was not in anyway unprecedented and did not enthrall me. Tom Hardy's accent is very hard to understand, especially if you are not American, and sounds almost nonsensical and superfluous in many parts of the movie.The only elements I truly appreciated were the themes associated with atrocities towards native Americans and the well captured natural sceneries. But again, this does not in itself make a movie extraordinary.I will never be watching this movie again in my lifetime..

This movie is my biggest cinematographic disappointment ever. I didn't read the book. I just saw a trailer. I love Leo. I hoped for inspiring survival and adventure movie like Apocalypto or somewhere close. But it was just nothing.I real gritty and atmospheric is all this movie offers. Gruesomeness. But even if you like that it all gets spoiled by slow hard to believe and hard to make credible story parts. It has sadistically slow pace and genuine lack of substance. Lot of grunting and moaning... And eating raw flesh. Simple, plain, pale and uninteresting plot.Also guys that get hurt like that by a bear just don't survive in the cold and without antibiotics. You just can't spend few hours soaked in cold mountain cold water up to your ears, get out, make fire in a few minutes. Screenwriters ever heard of hypothermia and wet flint? Wound infections and gangrene? His broke ankle also just disappears over night...And to end of all jokes tired like that and wounded so bad he fights with one of the toughest hunters and wins. It is infuriatingly bad just waste of time, and pile of ...If you still can't resist but watch it, don't feel guilty to walk out of theater or turn the play device off after an hour you will spare yourself and miss nothing.

I've never written a review on this page, but I thought this movie is worth it. I walked into the cinema with some expectation as to how the movie would be, but by the end I was completely amazed by the incredible work of Iñárritu and his crew. The whole cinema was quiet once the credits started rolling and nobody said a word until they walked out. The story isn't complicated or hard to follow but at the same time it is so intense that you will be on the edge of your seat the whole time. Trying to not reveal any spoilers, there is a part of the movie that there is no dialogue at all, but it is never boring to watch, you feel like you're the main character trying to survive. The landscape shots are amazing and the music is captivating, the acting never disappoints as all the main characters give great performances.If Leo doesn't get a his well deserved Oscar for this, then I don't know what he will get it with. Would definitely go to watch it again. For me it is one of, if not the best movie of 2015.

this movie an be for stupid only ,full of not realistic scene ,the guys stay wet in below zero and survive for many days ? they make fire from wet old branches in no time every scene in this movie has an issue and stupid idea make be he will get best Oscar in being stupid and they should change the nae to snow man. this movie an be for stupid only ,full of not realistic,the guys stay wet in below zero and survive for many days ? they make fire from wet old branches in no time every scene in this movie has an issue and stupid idea make be he will get best Oscar in being stupid and they should change the nae to snow man. this movie an be for stupid only ,full of not realistic scene ,the guys stay wet in below zero and survive for many days ? they make fire from wet old branches in no time every scene in this movie has an issue and stupid idea make be he will get best Oscar in being stupid and they should change the nae to snow man

This director reminds me of Stanley Kubrick. Everybody was afraid to negatively review his movies.So, Kubrick's self indulgent film making got a free ride from the critics. And the parallel is with the director of the Revenant.Almost unwatchable at times.I was (and so were my companions) looking at our watches.If I saw any more wide nature vista scenes(which had absolutely no connection with the story) I was going to kill myself with my stale popcorn.2 1/2 hours I'll never get back.

Firstly off, would just like to say that this movie probably isn't for everyone as it is very long and slow in some periods....but seriously, what a spectacle it is. Filmed with all natural lighting and out in the actual snow/forest etc, combined with the lovely, slow and drawn out cinematography, you will be hard pressed finding a better looking movie than this one this year. It is as beautiful as it is brutal. As always, Leonardo DiCaprio gives us a stellar performance as Hugh Glass fighting for his life and vengeance, but just as good were the other key performances in Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson and Will Poulter. Lastly, its not often you can say "this movie made me feel cold", but The Revenant will absolutely have that effect on some people. A must see.

The Revenant is visual beauty to hold with great shots; other than that the story is simplistic lacking suspense or tension in the great backdrop.There are a few good scenes but at the end it leaves the viewer nothing much to care about. Leonardo does give a terrific performance, but this is not one that cries Oscar as he should have won it before.There is little dialogue and a lot can be interpreted through the actors expression. It's a one off movie that does not have repeated viewing capability. Nothing much to reflect upon.6/10

I walked out of this movie about 2/3 of the way through. As a historian, I was looking forward to this film. The true account of Hugh Glass is an incredible survival story. Unfortunately, most of the story is a pure fabrication, and there is a strong political slant attached. While I have a great deal of sympathy for Native Americans, it is obvious that the makers of this film went above and beyond to vilify frontiersmen. Furthermore, there were incidents in the movie in which Glass came across as nearly being a super hero. What a shame. There is some decent acting and good cinematography, but the story is just too, too lame.

Since there are already reviews on here that have broken "The Revenant" down way better than I will, I'll just say this -- it's a movie. If you want to watch something for the experience of having watched it because everyone else is buzzing, you won't be disappointed. It'll give you the few choice scenes to keep you in conversations, but I don't think it has nearly enough substance to resonate with someone looking for something more. Personally, I find this movie to be extremely overrated. Not in the sense that it's terrible, but in the sense that it's amazingly average. All the criticisms I've read from other people are fair in saying that the character development is flawed and that you don't engage enough emotionally to really care when something dramatic happens. Unless you're an avid movie buff who can survive on almost 3 hours of torture and brutality for an easily predictable ending, I certainly wouldn't recommend this film to you. It lacks, in my opinion, a strong enough foundation to really make you concerned over any of the characters well-being...Including Glass (played by DiCaprio). You may be able to feel for the physical pain he's suffering throughout, but his emotional journey didn't resonate with me in the least. His deceased wife only exists in glimpses of his near-death flashbacks, and he and his son exchange maybe 10 lines of actual dialogue with each other. The rest of the film can be summed up with a lot of crawling, a lot of grunting, and a slow (but steady) progression from a should-be-dead man to a hobbled guy with nothing to lose and revenge on his mind. And from the moment he's wronged, you know what Glass's story arc's going to be. There's very little deviation from what you think's going to happen and what actually happens...Save a few close calls and run-ins to break up the monotony of all that crawling and grunting, of course. All in all, I'd rate this film at a 4/10. I didn't love it...I wouldn't recommend it to many people...And I have no intention of watching it again. I think the Oscar really was an "I Owe You" to Leo more than it was an actual validation of the film itself. Or maybe this year's crop of movies just weren't all that great. Either way, watch with caution...It may not be as amazing as your friend seems to think it is.

The best thing I can say is that this movie was beautiful, a real feast for the eyes. Every shot was truly breathtaking. You could tell that he was using all natural light and it really payed off. As far as plot and substance, I personally I felt like I had to wade through A LOT of unnecessary gore to get to a highly unsatisfactory ending. Not to say I don't like gore, I have been known to like my fair share of bloody dramas. Its just that this film just seemed to be "beating a dead horse" so to speak, amongst other things to that poor dead horse. The ending (which I wont get into) was just.... a let down! at least to me. If I'm going to feel that uncomfortable during a movie I want to feel validated at the end.

Another Indian/Good - White man/Bad movie. Too long. Too draggy. Too politically correct. Why was the Indian kid such a little bitch? Why was he screaming like that? The bad bad white guy had a real point there. The French were bad. The Angloes were bad. They drove off the Spaniards, apparently. Good thing we can all turn to the noble savage for instructions on clean, upright living. I thought it was really pathetic that they had to mention how many hours went into the making of the movie, like they're supposed to get kudos and awards based on effort instead of outcome. After floating down a river a few times, sleeping in a makeshift sweat lodge, sleeping in a horse carcass for no real reason, writing graffiti in an pseudo-igloo, digging, climbing, falling, cauterizing, baking, freezing, puking, crawling, the sob probably died of tetanus. How long can you watch this sort of thing and continue to be entertained? Three hours...nope. Oh, I know, this guy is supposed to be just so sympathetic based on the fact that he's almost an Indian that we're all riveted. Nope.

When watching movies around Oscar season usually I find 2 types of movies in my eyes. Those that are genuinely good and memorable or the pretentious stuff. This seems to be neither in my eyes. I will say there are good things about this movie but in my eyes, I didn't really like it.The plot of this movie is about a bunch of hunters of which a majority are murdered by Native Americans. After one is attacked and almost killed by a bear, a couple of them decide to stay. However, when things go wrong, one of them named Fitzgerald murders Leonardo DiCaprio's Half Native American son and leaves him for dead and almost buries him alive. DiCaprio somehow musters the strength needed to commit revenge on Fitzgerald and slowly makes his way to where he is and commits his revenge.My biggest problem with the movie is that about an hour of this movie is simply Leonardo DiCaprio walking through the wilderness, regaining his strength and all that. This might sound obvious based on that paragraph but it's almost completely dialogue-free and what would seem okay just gets very repetitive after a while. It was to the point at the final confrontation when they were talking about things at the beginning I had to wait a few seconds to remember what they were talking about.Everything else just kind of hits the consistent note of it being decent. I liked the cinematography, the actors are fine, the make-up of the bear mauling at the beginning is really good. On a technical level, I'd say this movie is somewhat of a marvel. The story however with the hour or more of Leonardo trekking across the wilderness just makes the whole story almost anything but investing in my eyes.So, I'd say if you want to watch it, be a little patient with the story if you want to get out of the movie liking it. I have no idea of the actual guy nor have I read the novel it was based on. Either way, I'd say it is worth looking at even if it's simply for some of the technical elements alone. Me however? I don't really like it.

If what you would want to see in a movie is beautiful cinematography hung in an Ansel Adams frame, this is the movie for you. If you want gritty historical movie with ample gore, this is the movie for you. If you want a realistic plot and realistic survival situations, you may want to pick another movie. Some of the implausible survival situations sucks you right out of the movie, willing suspension of disbelief blown, while you try to get back into the movie. If this happened only once, perhaps I could be more forgiving, but all I could think of was DiCaprio jumping up and saying "it's just a flesh wound!" It got comical and ridiculous. Be sure you can forgive many mistakes before you go see the movie.

If I rated the quality of this movie, it'd be a straight 10. Beautifully shot, breathtaking CGI and very realistic. During the last fight I got this sensation inside me, like i was the one being murdered but in a good way. I don't think that the animal cruelty, which bothers a lot of people, was overdone. It was a bit shocking which just further contributes to the realism. Every new shot was even better than the previous and those long ones were utter masterpiece. Nothing I'd change. Acting was very good, DiCaprio and Hardy just keep proving their class. On the other hand, plot was one of the biggest disappointments I have ever witnessed. I begged my father, who watched the movie in a showing 5 hours before mine not to spoil it for me. But at the end, I don't think he could had even if he wanted to, We all knew movie would end up like that. There was almost no suspense, no cliff-hangers, no twist and no satisfying moments at all. It's simply one very long, dull and empty revenge-seeking journey. I was secretly hoping that Glass would die at the end just so I can feel even a bit surprised but, of course, it didn't happen. The only surprise I had was Hawk's death since in teaser trailer Glass said "...to see my son" so I assumed it'd be a revengeful search mission, which I honestly think would suit this movie better with Glass' knowledge of wilderness. To sum it up, 10 for quality and 0 for plot resulted in a 5/10. Stunning and gorgeous but I'd rather fight that bear than re-watch this. I simply wish that it stood out by something more than just a pretty face.

Alejandro G. Inarritu's The Revenant is a 19th century western drama that brings the most gritty, realistic, and brutal take I've seen. The Revenant follows Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) as he battles the elements and native inhabiter's to avenge a loss committed by nemesis John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy). The Revenant pushes the limits of cinematography and tells one of, if not the most gripping film of the year. Emmanuel Lubezki created a lived in and natural world. I saw the beautifully shot scenic scenes and the first-person like tracking shots, but more importantly I could FEEL them. An edge will grip any viewer and with environmental shots alone i felt genuinely frightened of this unknown wilderness. The bright orange sparks from fires, the dark blue skies, and the black trees that laid on top of the bare white ground were real, they were unforgiving and beautiful. Leonardo DiCaprio gives in my opinion, the best performance of his career. For the first time i wasn't watching DiCaprio, I wasn't watching a man with a malice heart, I was joining Hugh Glass on his vicious struggle for revenge. Tom Hardy has been a busy man but he seemingly cannot stop giving great performances with rather rare dialogue. Hardy becomes his best villain (thats saying something especially for Hardy). Hardy delivers a character we hate from the very beginning giving a untrustworthy, selfish, and genuinely dirty man life. Domhnall Gleeson (Andrew Henry) and Will Poulter (Bridger) both give great performances. Poulter breaks out of his typical comedic acting to give a surprising but magnificent performance, one of the best young actors today. Although the film was inducing and beautiful its script at sometimes fell flat for me. Dialogue at times felt out of its time and a bit too staged but this problem is overlaid by terrific acting, cinematography, and camera direction. Birdman's mind-blowing continuing long-takes are very present in this film creating the most edgy and again realistic scenes I've seen in film. The Revenant has everything Inarritu did perfectly in Birdman and corrected mistakes made in previous films. This film is entrancing but artistic film lovers will fall in love with this film like they did with all of Inarritu's past work. The Revenant pushes every single aspect and limit in filmmaking while delivering a totally unique experience because of this, The Revenant is a excellent film.

Very disappointed.The Oscar should have been Leo's after his performance in the Wolf of Wallstreet. They just tried to buy their mistake by giving an Oscar for a film where he has 3 lines to say and barely walks!! 2hrs 30 minutes of a man dying in excruciating pain but never really dying. seriously whats wrong with movie makers? OK fair enough some scenes were awesome, like the fight with the Indians in the beginning and the bear scene was amazing!! certainly NOT Oscar worthy! Waste of money and time...oh and very boring at times! Any normal or even the strongest of men would have been dead fairly quickly, but no Glass does not only survive the bear attack. He survives being buried alive, a huge fall, french soldiers, a fall in the river. Wait was I watching superman? cause trust me even superman would be dead!

Zero emotions! The critics about this movie are unlimited. My expectations are so disappointing in all directions. This movie has no meaning. Pity for Leo DI Caprio that did the best to support his role and he really did it good but he cant make the story better. It looks Inarritu wanted to show off with things that public never seen before. It looks this famous director had nothing more to create and to attract with meaningful things and he created such fake and cannibal stories to look impressive and interesting. I would not let Inarritu in to participate in Oscars 2016. Maybe he need some rest to do a better movie and not to spend movie budget for his distracted and unfocused fantasies. Anyway, Good Luck to Leo!

Essentially a remake of the 1971 "Man In The Wilderness" starring Richard Harris as Zachary Bass (Hugh Glass) and John Huston as Captain Henry, although this version is said to be based on the 2002 novel of the same name by Michael Punke. That said however, the real-life story of the mountain man, Hugh Glass, is well-known in Western lore.Visually, "Revenant" is stunning and markedly superior to the 1971 version - as is to be expected with the advances in cinematography in the intervening 45 years - but dramatically it's pretty poor fare when compared to "Man In The Wilderness". DeCaprio doesn't even come close to capturing the gaunt suffering of Harris's Zachary Bass and Domhnall Gleeson's performance is pretty pallid compared to the craggy awfulness of John Huston' Captain Henry. Pity, it's such a great story.

Before I saw this film today, I knew that The Revenant was nominated for 12 Academy awards, so I had high expectations. Then yesterday I started reading several reviews and I got surprised of how many reviews were quite negative. They mentioned the same things like that: "The movie is way too long for its own good. The movie is boring. The movie is too slow. The movie lacks story and depth. The main character is unrealistic and seems immortal. The movie contains too many repetitive shots of trees and nature. The movie turns almost a parody."So when I saw this film today, I had lowered my expectations, but was still really looking forward to seeing this film. To my big surprise, I actually didn't agree with anything of the things mentioned above. Surely it's not everyone's cup of tea because it's more of an art film than a blockbuster giant that's appealing to everyone. To me The Revenant is: Beautiful - the most beautiful film I have ever seen on the big screen. The scenery's and lightning are absolutely incredible, and it feels so real like I'm right in there. I love the pace and the calmness throughout the film. The story is quite simple without weird twists and turns, BUT that's not needed because that's not how this story goes! I love the simplicity combined with the brutality, struggle and determination for survival and revenge, as well as love. I really felt for the main character.I love Leonardo DiCaprio in this role. He is perfect and I love him in more mature roles like this. Everyone credit Tom Hardy and yes he is brilliant, as well as all the actors are actually. Everyone fit in so well in their characters. But I would like to give an extra credit to Leo who is definitely not outshined by Hardy. What an actor and what a performance by DiCaprio. I was really touched and impressed by his character as well as his performance. He deserves an Oscar that's for sure. There is more to this film than just Leo crawling around grunting and the Revenant is definitely not close to a parody as some people say it is. I can't believe people saying these things. It's one of the best movies I have seen and it's been a long time since I've been so touched by a film. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but it's my cup of tea.

SPOILERSThis movie suffers from a thin, predictable and uninteresting plot. One of the biggest problems I had with the movie was that it was so unrealistic, so unbelievable. For instance, at one point in the movie, a person is stabbed in the gut. As the knife is pulled out, we hear sound effects that would make Friday the 13th blush. As one critic already pointed out, the scene where about 20 men are attacked by Indians is filmed with the intensity of Saving Private Ryan's beach landing. WHERE IS ALL THE NUANCE? It should also be said that it is absurd that DiCaprio's character survives at all. How on earth could a man be so deeply cut all over his body, with none of the deep wounds cleaned, and yet he does not get an infection, even though he be buried alive? The problem is not so much that I can't let a little go here and there or that I'm a stickler for detail, the problem is that I don't believe that the director actually thought on this level of detail and you can see evidence of that throughout the film.Lastly, the dialogue, like all other aspects of the movie, lacks any sense of realism. The dialogue is so contrived that I expected to hear "up yonder in those fields" at any moment.In short, the movie was a big disappointment to me. After reading so many stories about the painstaking nature of the work involved, I expect to see the commensurate nuance and realism and instead saw regular Hollywood fare, at most.

Leo DiCaprio should've won an Oscar a long time ago. We all know that. He was great in pretty much everything he was in. You can exclude Titanic, but still he was great in it. We see movies that almost seem like they were made for an Oscar. Julianne Moore was the last example. Boring movie with exceptional performance. Here we have Leonardo DiCaprio, who should've have 3 Oscars to his name at least in this god awful boring movie! I was like Elaine from Seinfeld while she was watching The English Patient: die already, just dieeee!!! Movie is not awful like English Patient, but it's waaaaaay overrated. Boring, oh dear lord was it boring! It didn't touch me at all, I couldn't care less about the characters. Leo will win it, he was good in it, but I liked him better in other movies simply because those movies were way better! Leo great, movie bad.This director gave us awful, just awful pretentious piece of BS that was Bridman. Now he gave us this. Bore fest.

The plot is a routine revenge story. A guy gets mistreated. His son is murdered. He overcomes obstacles and gets even. Yawn.A routine plot is turned into a ridiculous one by the small events throughout. The movie opens with a bunch of hunters wading through the Everglades, except that it is somewhere in the northern Rocky Mountains. Or at least is supposed to be, though I don't know where one would find Everglades-like water amongst the pine trees anywhere in the Rockies (where I have done extensive backpacking). This fascination with people wading or swimming in frigid mountain water in winter pervades the movie, showing up again and again. I've waded in that water. It is COLD. My wife used to call it "screaming cold." Yet in this movie people flop into the water, get completely soaked, and then just walk away as if nothing happened. In reality they would very shortly freeze to death and become encased in ice. Floating down the river while fully clothed, including being wrapped in a bear skin as in one scene, would drown you in no time.The scene shifts back and forth between the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains. Start in the mountains, move to the plains, go back into the mountains (why?), back to the plains.The acting is competent but nothing special. DeCaprio's acting mostly consists of grunts because after the bear mauling he cannot talk right until near the end of the movie. I can do that. Do I get an Oscar? Over and over we are treated to interruptions of the action for scenes of nature, especially views of the tops of trees from the bases of those trees. Is that supposed to mean something? It interrupts the story for no obvious reason.There are these Indians around, looking for our hero and his friends to attack them. The Indians are "Rees," i.e., Arikaree or Arikara. The problem is that those Indians lived in North Dakota, not in the Rocky Mountains and certainly nowhere near the Yellowstone.This show is just another ho-hum Hollywood mangling of history. The characters are uninteresting and flat. The acting does nothing to make the characters more than that. The plot is predictable except where it is so silly as to be hard to imagine. Overall the show is mildly entertaining if you are bored and don't have anything else to occupy your time.

Looks like the Internet already found a winner for the upcoming Academy Awards when it comes to the category "Best Actor". Stories of how Leonardo actually slept in a carcass and ate bison liver in order to prepare for the role made its round. I think it is certainly most honorable to prepare that obsessively for a role, but that's not what constitutes a great actor - not alone at least, otherwise we could have given Bear Grylls some Emmys already, what actually does not seem like a bad idea either, but back to the Revenant. In the end DiCaprio's portrait of what Glass might have been like is quite intense and gritty, but to me it also seems over the top at times. I didn't really believe any of his relations with the Indians, the Character somewhat falls flat. And that's the next problem this movie is facing. It seems like Iñárritu wanted to mix his story of a man overcoming the odds in the face of death all too bad with a political statement of how bad the white people were and how good and noble the Indians were. To me the characters are all portrayed too black and white, with only little shades of grey in between. Every Indian is good, white men mostly bad. From what history taught us about these days, this holds up to the truth to a certain degree, but still it does not really fit into the story. The movie would have worked perfectly well without Glass having an Indian wife and a son. All this dream sequences and flashbacks about him moaning his dead relatives, were nearby ridiculous at times. Yet one has to remark, that the Indians had some badass moments, that helped to carry the film. As well as the cinematography did. Oh boy, it certainly looks like Lubezki is about to get his third Oscar in a row for this one. The way he captured the landscape and follows the battle scene, this really gets you into the movie. As the credits rolled I was glad, that I watched it in the cinema, mostly because of the stunning visuals, the story itself is a great vengeance story as well, driven by a great cast (cheers to Tom Hardy who seems to be in the prime of his life) but I somewhat feel like it could have been a masterpiece, if only Iñárritu wouldn't have gone too far making it really kitschig and too much of a cliché at times. Still, good movie, recommend watching it in the cinema.

This is a film that is more about the experience over the plot. So if you are looking for a film with a plot that really sticks out you might be disappointed. What this is, is a survival/revenge film with the core being driven by revenge but most of the screen-time is a man trying to survive in a cold wilderness. When it comes to the cinematography though, there is a lot of effort and risk that went with it. There is quite a bit of one long takes that is just mesmerizing sometimes to sit through. It's like watching art on screen unfold. The scenery when it comes to the wilderness, sparkling lake, the encompassing trees full of color, and even the quietness of certain scenes can really draw in the viewers. The lake, frozen over, disguised itself as a white valley, as if I would be able to walk on water. It was one of the best camera- work I have seen when capturing the frozen woods and mountainous areas. The hallucinations and dream like sequences adds to the artistic aspect of this film. It's like watching a captivating and engaging mainstream high budget artistic film on screen. At least when it comes to the cinematography although it lacks in the story section of it all. Leonardo DiCaprio seems to be doing everything he can to win that Oscar. And this movie is like the perfect set up for that. He gets the chance to show off just about every acting chops in his arsenal. Tom Hardy did a fine job of bringing about his character's accent while also playing a cold and yet believable character. His dialogue at least makes him understandable to a certain degree. Overall, this is not a plot driven film but it's more for the experience. I personally haven't seen anything like this before. It's not a film I would immediately go out of my way to watch again. But it's a highly worth at least one watch.7.9/10

It pains me to see a director fall from grace. I completely loved Birdman and was highly anticipating this film. Unfortunately, Innaritu dropped the ball on this one. First off, let me say that this isn't a COMPLETE disaster of a film. There is some spectacular cinematography through the duration of the movie, especially in the opening sequence which I wont give away. Also, as seen in the trailer, there's an encounter with a bear that's completely over-the-top intense and will bring you to the edge of your seat. The score is hauntingly brilliant and fits the bleak, desolate setting of the story really well. But the movie literally fails at everything else.I've never been huge on Leonardo. I used to really admire him a few years ago, but since I started paying closer attention to cinema, I realize he's a competent actor without much else. This movie only solidifies my opinion. I don't care how many animal carcasses Leonardo sleeps in, or how many hearts he eats, or how many times he commits bodily harm; the guy isn't a great actor. His performance in this movie is quite bad. He seldom speaks, but when he does he bears the look of a man who's trying beyond all belief to be convincing. He makes a very poor attempt at an accent and it's honestly far from an Oscar-worthy performance. I felt really sorry for Tom Hardy, the only actor who made a great presentation.Not only was DiCaprio's acting bad, but his character was shockingly underwritten. On top of that, I didn't care about his motivation at all because his son had literally no characterization whatsoever. We're supposed to accept his paternal relationship without any creative twists or exhibitions. It's really shallow and disappointing. I can't remember the last time I saw so much wasted potential. Innaritu treats the audience like a bunch of idiots and slaps us over the head with predictable and schmaltzy characterization techniques. Fitzgerald, Hardy's character, was the only person in the story that had any depth or mystery. I found myself gravitating towards him more than anyone else. If the villain is the most relatable figure in a revenge movie, then the script is essentially broken. Glass, as played by Leo, serves as little more than a punching bag for the movie's setting. It's a dull, overplayed, miserable affair that actually gets laughable towards the end. It's indisputable proof that too much of a good thing can turn bad real quick. By the time the final credits came on, I knew utterly nothing of Hugh Glass other than he can endure a lot of pain. Also, he loves his son, in case you never picked up on it when the director was constantly bludgeoning you over the head with verbal reminders. It's like an episode of the Dick Van Dyke Show set in the American frontier, only there's no heart, joy, or creativity.Overall, you should save your money. Besides the magnificent score and the shots of the wilderness, this is a lifeless snooze. I have no problem with violence or suffering in film, but when it's all incurred by a poorly acted and boring man, it doesn't amount to anything. It's style over substance with little to offer the viewer. Having said that, I wouldn't be surprised if it won best picture. People seem to have forgotten the value of resounding stories and characters.

I must say that DiCaprio is continuously over the topTo explain the least – Mr. Glass, DiCaprio's character, is a strong source material. But to be able to deliver such a performance, you have to not only dedicate all your strength and stamina, but also have a huge talent – something which Leonardo has in abundance. Combining this with Inarritu's perfect directing skills and Lubezki's paranormal filming abilities – this one had to be the best of the year.And indeed it is – the struggle between man and nature, the vengeance trip, the human relationships, the environmental message – we all see that in its entire run. I must admit that the rawness of the shots were a bit too much at some times for me, but this indeed made the movie true to the real life of these people at that time and at that place.The music is by Ryuichi Sakamoto and I strongly recommend it to every open soul which desires to hear something new and vibrant. The costumes are profoundly adequate and the narrative is rich with pristine survival instincts.But the main character in this film is the nature itself. No matter if we speak about the snow, the trees, the bear or the wind itself – this is what really shakes the viewer in his seat. I purposely didn't pay much attention to the dialogue, but rather enjoyed the "conversations" between Glass and his environment. His journey is delicately decorated with flashbacks and dreamlike visions which explain not only the personal story of the character, but also his urge to finish this journey and do what he has to do.The movie is long enough for you to be able to immerse in the setting, so take your time and don't rush to deduct or explain it. There will be plenty of reasons to do that in the next years which I am sure will prove it to be a classic.

The Revenant is Alejandro Iñàrritu's majestic revenge story set in the early 1800s that follows the larger than life true story of Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) as he travels across old America in hopes of exacting revenge against the men that left him gravely wounded and his son dead. The revenge story line is the oldest in the book and, no matter how overplayed, evokes the most emotion especially when the players are right. DiCaprio, Tom Hardy and Will Poulter make for some pretty excellent players in Iñàrritu's more visual film and this allows audience members to connect with the film on a more accessible level rather than the cinephiles that this film was made for. Emanuel Lebezki has, yet again, outdone himself. The beauty in each frame is undeniable. The landscapes, the snow, the blood, the violence. No matter how harrowing a situation is, the film is still one of the most beautiful ever made and this is a testament to Lebezki and Iñàrritu. The patience they endured on set speaks volumes to the film that they made. The Revenant isn't fast paced, it isn't action packed, it is a story told through the eyes of a visionary and that may off put some people who are looking for a film like The Hunted or The Grey or any other man against wilderness film. The film is slow and takes it's time in giving the audience something they can sink their teeth into. Instead, they allow the audience to be submersed in this cold and desolate landscape, all while capturing the beauty of the American landscape. The battle scenes are epic. Mostly done through extended long takes, the film is a cinephile's dream. The camera movements, the tracking shots and that glorious bear attack are all beautifully done and shown in the most harrowing way possible. For a film to open with an over 10 minute long take of a battle nonetheless, it is truly captivating and awe inspiring to see filmmakers push themselves to their limits both physically and creatively. But as much as the filmmakers pushed themselves, so did the cast. Leonardo DiCaprio gives a brilliant performance as Hugh Glass. In films before, we've seen DiCaprio fake pain. In this film, you actually feel his pain. With every bite from a bear, every broken bone being reset, every wound being crudely stitched, his performance reeks of perfection and that is exactly what we get from him here. Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald is a typical bad guy here, nothing more nothing less. He's good, he's not on the level of DiCaprio here though. The rest of the cast is amazing, as always with any Iñàrritu film. Overall, The Revenant is a brilliant film that isn't quite a masterpiece but has enough technical achievements within it to set it apart from any other film this year. I definitely recommend it.

Nobody could have survived HALF of what glass went thru. In the middle of winter? No drugs or wound care at all? No gangrene? And then his horse runs off a cliff and he falls into a tree and survives? At that point I actually LAUGHED OUT LOUD because the plot had become so ridiculous.I've been reading about this being DiCaprio's Oscar attempt, but I can't imagine that this will get him anything. And if it does, it will be appalling that of all the movies this year, that this piece of masturbatory garbage gets any attention at all except for utter derision. The plot was completely unbelievable. The acting was atrocious. The editing was not existent. It was as unpalatable as watching two hours of torture porn. My wife left after the first 30 minutes.This movie should not win anyone any award.

This movie reminds me why "Cape Fear", "Gladiator", and "Cast Away" are great and this one not. The first half hour is crowded with fight scenes and bear attacks which are so brutal that making the remaining 2 hours quite boring. Look at Cape Fear and see how Robert De Niro revenges his anger on Nick Nolte (the lawyer betrays him). Look at Gladiator and see how the images of the dead wife of Russell Crowe come and go with his fate. Tom Hanks in Cast Away also shows how one man survives in extreme conditions. The Revenant tries to put these elements into one but fail to be resonant. You either go deeper in Leonardo's history and his dead wife memories and reveal his past, or spend more time and climax on Leonardo's revenge to his fellows. The final duel between Leonardo and Tom Hardy is not fulfilling given the bloody opening. Leonardo and Tom Hardy are great actors, still cannot save the movie. The survival part is simply too long, and the revenge part is too little and too late. My stars are for the actors only.

After reading the plot it seems to be an adaptation of the movie, "Man in the Wilderness" starring Richard Harris, who while moving overland with a boat in tow is attacked by a bear. Upon hearing the attack the boat crew kills the bear. However, the scout, Zacary Bass, played by Harris, is severely mauled,and near death. The Captain leaves two crew members to bury him when he dies. Because he is slow in dying the two crew members become impatient and decide to kill and bury him but neither has the courage to do so. They agree that he is near death and will not survive the day so they place him in a shallow grave and bury him alive. Bass escapes from the grave and he struggles for survival among the various Indian tribes and eventually is well enough to track the Captain and crew to seek revenge for the way he was treated. It is rare that an adaptation receives the reviews this movie is generating. Is it because there is a whole new generation of movie goer who are not aware that this film is an apparent copy of a good entertaining film that also had a great star? Because of its lack of originality I did not deem the movie beyond a 3 star. Leonardo DiCaprio, I am sure is superb in the movie and it will be entertaining but I won't waste my time or money to see it in the theater but rather wait for it to appear on DVD or TV. I am sure other "critics" will have a differing view but it is what it is.

While exploring the uncharted wilderness in the 1800s, Hugh Glass sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack. When his hunting team kills his son and leave him for dead, Glass must utilise his survival skills to find a way back home. Grief-stricken and fuelled by vengeance, Glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down John Fitzgerald, the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him........Like some bizarre hybrid of Quest For Fire, Come And See, First Blood, and Gladiator, The Revenant may be durationaly draining, but thanks to some truly breathtaking camera-work and long shots, it's easily one of the most tense and exciting movies of the year.To say the film is grim is an understatement, you an almost feel the elements that the characters have to contend with through their quests, and although the film is brutally realistic and harsh at times, it has an almost magical, mystical element to it, as if we are seeing the film through Glasses weary, anguished, angry, near death eyes.Iñárritu proves once again that he is an amazing film maker, with an amazing attention to detail, and even though Birdman wasn't as brilliant as it thought it was, it's gimmick of appearing to have only one take, was a pretty phenomenal feat.Light on dialogue, but heavy on the visceral, there are two key scenes that make Glasses journey all the more determined. The bear attack, isn't only a brutal five minutes, only usurped by Bone Tomahawks death scene for most brutal scenes of the year, it's almost flawless with its use of effects, and the fact that it looks like its a one shot take, just adds to the awe.Secondly, Glass laying helpless, knowing that he will eventually blink, and then seeing Fitzgerald commit the most abhorrent act, Dicaprios acting here is flawless, and if he does win an award for this role, it will be for this scene alone. Never before have I seen anger, despair, guilt, hatred, and helplessness, perfectly acted without the actor uttering one syllable.Hardy too is excellent, but it wished he would have left his Bane Accent at home, it rally did take me away from key scenes.It's an unflinching movie, long shots really putting you in the middle of the film, and if this doesn't win every award going for cinematography, there is something wrong with the world.An achievement, and then some.

This film ranks as one of the very worst films I've ever seen, It's down there with Birdman, Blair Witch and the that piece of tripe about Eva Peron with Madonna in it. I've walked out of films better than all of the above.... seriously folks, don't waste your lives on this unmitigated garbage. I thought the Bear was brilliant, the snow was pretty etc. The dialogue seemed to be predominately unintelligible mumbling (no I'm not deaf or hard of hearing), continuity was rubbish too, i.e. beard growth, ability to light fires, immunity from the effects of cold. , all in all I couldn't 'Bear' it, I think the beast was trying to do us all a favour by attempting to kill the main character, Just my opinion of course, no offense meant.

Don't waste your time or money. The trailer is the best part of movie, this has to be the worst movie ever made in the history of filmmaking. Everyone says how visually stunning it is, what about the actual movie, oh wait there wasn't one. This movie actually put me to sleep within the first 30 min, absolutely horrible, and i can't stress enough how horrible this P.O.S. is. We need to collectively quit going to see these pieces of crap that are nominated for Oscars before they even come out. 9 times out of 10 they stink. But this little gem of a highly polished turd takes the cake. Stop it Hollywood just stop it PLEASE! So to review, Leo can't get an Oscar if he only talks for seriously maybe 20 min in entire movie and the visual effects are not the best ever as predicted again in the overrated preview trailers. So if you want to waste a good chunk of your day approx 2hrs. 40min to be precise go see it. If you want to waste the gas in your vehicle to drive to theater and then spend your hard earned $ on a ticket and probably buy overpriced food and drinks and not to mention fight with the crowds that were all fooled into watching this completely worthless movie go ahead, but you' ve been warned...

I'm going to give this a 10, it's deserved. Marvelously captured and very authentic depiction of a story about betrayal that aims to stay as close to the truth as possible and the Indians are not made into the good or the bad guys, none of the usual Hollywood cliché's, I love that.°Minor Spoiler Alert°Whether it's realistic to assume a man would be able to hunt down his foe after barely surviving a bear in the midst of winter is questionable, nonetheless I absolutely loved it. Make sure you can stomach the grim display of the realities of survival but once you saddle you're good to go. I'm still letting the images sink in, so I don't have much to say except, make sure you see this movie ..

"The Reventant" offers mediocre, straightforward and predictable plot. The good guy, Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio), is a 19th century superhero who survives grizzly bear attack and revenges for the death of his son by punishing Fitzgerald, the greedy bad guy, played by Tom Hardy. As expected, there is a fierce struggle between the good and the bad guy at the end of the movie. "The Reventant" is not for everyone. There are a lot of brutal scenes with violence and blood. It is a strange mix between the blood, the camera shots and angles from Tarantino's movies such as "Kill Bill" with the classical action movies about revenge, like the popular old title with Arnold Schwarzenegger, Mel Gibson, or Liam Neeson.The actors do a fine job in obviously difficult conditions. Unfortunately, the characters are not unique and the dialogs are not memorable at all. I do not remember even a single quote from "The Reventant" that stands out. There is no doubt that Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy are brilliant and deserve praises despite the poor scenario. In my opinion Will Poulter was fortunate to play the most interesting character in the whole movie and he also did a good job.

Star studded cast but the movie leaves too little to be desired. The revenge was too little, too late. The film definitely not Oscar worthy. The film begins with a 1823 quasi-military hunting party of trappers and hunters hunting for pelts in the unsettled wilderness of the Louisiana Purchase under the command of their Captain, Andrew Henry . Hostility from the Native American Arikara Indians leads to an ambush of the hunting party. Only about half of the hunters manage to escape on one of their rafts, salvaging as much as they can while still under fire from the attacking Arikara. Henry leads the escaping party, knowing that they are still being pursued by the Pawnee. The party is further slowed down when Hugh Glass , one of the experienced hunters, stumbles on a mother grizzly bear and her cubs while he is separated from the rest of the party.

I don't write movie reviews very often so believe me, it has to be something that really stands out to make me write at all.This could have been a great movie. It has great visual effects, great acting, good story line, and more. However, the sounds were horrible. This has to be the worst music I have ever heard in a movie. There were times in the movie where the sounds were so annoying that I had to cover my ears to be able to watch the movie. At one point the screeching sounds where so ear piercing that I was just about to walk out of the theater had it not changed. Other times I could barely understand the actors talking because background sound was stepping over their voices.The worst part about the background sounds and music was that it just continued on and on throughout the movie. It just never seemed to stop! What was supposed to be the natural sounds of the forest was also extremely loud and out of balance. I don't know why the normal sounds of nature were amplified so much but the ones in this movie were certainly not natural.I don't see how anyone could give this a high rating. Maybe they watched with their ears plugged. How it got so many nominations is beyond me. Just goes to show that politics also has a hand in the Oscars.

Adventures and Westerns are not my favorite genres, but I went to see it anyway cause I think Leo and Hardy are great actors. This movie is okay and exactly how I thought it would be. There's nothing new and surprising in it and I got a bit bored at some times. I've only seen it once and I'm probably not going to watch it for a second time. I don't think this movie is worthy of 12 Oscar nominees cause I've seen better and more important movies in 2015. Leo plays his part okay, but only just. Again I've seen better performances. The movie is okay and the bear attack scene is the best scene in This movie. I can only give it 5 stars and I must admit that I don't really get all the fuzz about it.

I know Leonardo DiCaprio is a great actor and is extremely talented to handle things at different level with full dedication. Having said that, I don't want to watch him alone for hours without any dialogue just to see how good he acts. I got extremely bored and irritated for very slow pace of the movie. The first few minutes of movie tells how the narration would be. Some say it is a novel way of screenplay but I feel it is the worst movie I saw in recent times. Although the movie had some great cinematography at various scenes, apart from what was shown in the trailer it doesn't have much to offer. Hope Leonardo won't win Oscar for this and come up with far better movie with his acting brilliance.

'The Revenant' to me is one of 2015's best films and deserved its hype, its critical acclaim justified. It is easy to understand why the audience reaction is more divided, but to me the low ratings are too harsh. The visuals, direction and acting are so brilliant that even if the film didn't impress me it still would have gotten no lower than a 4 or 5.Its best assets are the visuals and direction. Simply put, 'The Revenant' is one of the best-looking films of the year and a thing of sheer beauty. The settings are rich in atmosphere and the lighting remarkably natural, but it's the cinematography that shines brightest, it's both intimate and immersive. Iñárritu's direction is even better than in his outstanding direction in 'Birdman', some of the best direction of the year.Acting is marvellous, everybody showing great commitment. Leonardo Di Caprio got his only Oscar for his performance here and it was more than well deserved in one of his best films and performances, a performance of emotional intensity and honesty that is most agonisingly poignant. Tom Hardy excels in bringing brooding menace to his role, and Will Poulter is impressive too.'The Revenant' has much more to it than those things. The action is brutally tense and the story, while deliberately paced and very simple, immerses the viewer in how gripping it is, being intense and emotional. The characters are strongly realised.Film fares least in the script which is not bad at all but occasionally a little garbled. This is such a minor criticism however and not enough to bring down my rating.In conclusion, brilliant film. 10/10 Bethany Cox

Shocking, harrowing and gory... yet excellent. This particular film is a one of a kind, and if you can get past its inherit gruesomeness then you shouldn't have any issues enjoying it.The story line is in my opinion it's strongest feature, I deliberately didn't read the plot before watching it as I wanted to see how it unfolds independently. I had a rough idea of the setting but that was about it. I love this historical period and will always give such films a chance. From the very beginning the story is persistently gripping, you never truly know what we'll face next which leads to constant anticipation. Not to mention the actors involved all do a fantastic job. DiCaprio is undoubtedly a talented and well decorated actor and he continues to display that here. Is this is finest role? Well, that'd debatable but irrelevant considering the film's quality. It is true that Tom Hardy is hard to understand in it, yet for me that just shows he's doing a good job, so many actors down the years have failed miserably in their horrific attempts at different accents, Hardy doesn't in this instance.If none of that grabs you then the visuals should. It's set in such a beautiful part of the world, overall adding to the already gripping plot. A good old bear scene can't be beaten either! I understand that some people find excessive gore difficult to watch, and if that's you then probably best to avoid this film. For me, I find excessive gore needless and irritating but it doesn't bother me in this context, after all there's plenty more happening with the story as a whole for that to taint my overall opinion. Also, so many people complain about subtitles in English speaking films... I don't recognise that as a valid criticism unless it's completely needless and counter to the logic of the setting. This film uses a lot of subtitled dialogue but for me that just adds to the contemporary setting. Give it a watch, but be prepared.P.S. I like bears.

No story spoilers here ;) I just watched the Revenant again today. It's such a crowd pleasure of a film (phun intended). But it's truly an artwork of a film. It's like you are INTO it and the story - even thou not a happy one, its profoundly spiritual and makes you think in a new way about yourself, life and what's it's all about. If you've not seen it go do so. I am sure some people are not checking it out because the massive talk and awards to the film, but please do not hold that against it. Go see it with fresh eyes. Make up your own mind. And the scenery is just amazing. 4K resolution on the BlueRay version must be like out of this world.

............................................................from Pasto,Colombia...Via: L.A. CA., CALI, COLOMBIA and ORLANDO, FL *** This review may contain MINOR spoilers ***This Review is dedicated to my student and dear friend, Luisa Bacca, who has played a key role in focusing International Attention on the rights of Indigenous peoples in Colombia, especially here in Nariño, as a mediator in the ongoing Peace Process between the U.N. High Commission on Human Rights and the Colombian Government! Leonardo DiCaprio, upon his acceptance of his Golden Globe, used the occasion to express his concern for indigenous peoples and their portrayal in movies. At the time, this seemed a bit difficult to put into context, but now that I have seen the film, it is crystal! And I think there are basically 2 ways to react to REVENANTA straight up, grizzly (No Pun Intended!) true-story Man vs. Nature Action/Adventure, take it exactly as it is reaction, or, an infinitely nuanced "This Movie is a Metaphor" approach Need it be said that I am most certainly an Option B person!?!?That having been said, REVENANT is such an astoundingly overwhelming experience, it is a tad difficult to decide on a starting point! Director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu shows himself to be the perfectionist he is via the numbing, jaw-dropping beauty of the filming locations that provide the numerous impressive visual backdrops seen throughout. The list of locations includes Tierra del Fuego, Mexico, and various U.S. and Canadian ones! As to the veracity of the "True Story" aspect of this harrowing tale, who knows? Wikipedia mentions that Frontiersman Hugh Glass' (Definite Oscar-worthy performance by Leonardo DiCaprio) life and accomplishments were often prone to embellishments, and Punke's 2002 Novel apparently plays fast and loose with the truth. Aside from just what IS true and what isn't, Gonzalez Iñárritu has permeated every frame with a level of reality that is truly chilling, both literally and figuratively! The U.S. was a relatively young country in the 1820's; A vast, mostly untamed and rapidly expanding nation that had doubled its territory just 20 years earlier through the Louisiana Purchase. REVENANT unfolds clearly accentuating the uncertainties of life in the Missouri Territory, where the only existing technological implement in your daily existence was your firearmOh, and probably, in Captain Henry's case, a pocket watch, one would imagine! Their fur gathering/trading expedition comes under surprise attack (Was there any other kind back then?) by considerable numbers of Arikara Indians, who consider their actions as justified, since, in their opinion, it is the trading expedition that is trespassing on Arikara territory.After both suffering and inflicting heavy losses, the expedition's survivors manage to raft away to safety. After cautiously biding their time on the river, they finally return to terra firma. Soon after, Hall has his ill- fated encounter with a grizzly bear, who, instinctively, simply was protecting her cubs. This scene is, quite honestly, spoiler- proof! No written words could "ruin" it for you! It is a bone-chilling vision that you really must experience for yourself! Most certainly, you will be scratching your head, as I and most others were, wondering "Just how in the hell did they do that?" Apparently, A Man In the Wilderness (1971) was also inspired by Hugh Glass and his ordealBut I never saw it! There is a 1972 film, which came to mind a few times while viewing REVENANTJeremiah Johnson, A Sydney Pollack Classic with Robert Redford in the title role!Some of you might be wondering, about now, if there will be any reference to elements mentioned in this review's title. Not to worry! My Review title should be "crystal", too, if you take the dualistic viewing approach mentioned early on here. To avoid crossing the Spoiler threshold, let it suffice to say that taking REVERANT in its entirety, it seems to speak to putting our treatment of indigenous peoples in the U.S. into some kind of more rational perspective. Personally, I found the ending to be rather spiritual and upliftingMaybe it's just me!10*.......ENJOY/DISFURTELA!Any comments, questions or observations, in English o en Espanol, are most welcome!

STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning In the late part of the 19th century, explorer Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio-no laughing at that name!) is on an expedition for the fur trade in the wilderness when he is savagely attacked by a bear. Whilst the other members of his expedition team are stoic and try to rescue him, John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) decides they should cut their losses and kill him, which he attempts to do when no one is looking, as well as killing his adopted Native American son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck.) After surviving his ordeal, Glass is thrust on a desperate quest for survival-with revenge on his mind.Director Alejandro G. Inarritu is certainly a hot property at the moment, most notably for 2014's Birdman (Or, the Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance.) As befits someone making a name for themselves, he appears to be someone prepared to break away from convention, taking a relatively simple premise and applying a post modern, surrealist touch to it. But whereas Birdman went engagingly off kilter with its material, this appears to be an exercise in self exploration and reflection...without very much at the surface.In the lead role, and to a large extent the only role, in the film, DiCaprio must carry a sense of isolation and foreboding, in a stranded role similar to that of Sandra Bullock in Gravity or, much further back, Tom Hanks in Cast Away. The problem here is, rather than exploring his individual angst and inner turmoil as he finds the resilience to cope with his ordeal, there's just too much grunting and crawling around, and when you can't relate to one guy for the long time you're with him, there's problems.For those with a keen interest in visual landscapes, Inarritu has undoubtedly captured some truly beautiful, majestic cinematography that will sweep your eyes onto the screen, even if the story and pacing don't. He's matched this with a dark, moody soundtrack that is as haunting as the screen. The trouble is, the story just seems to be non existent and for a film weighing in at roughly two and a half hours, that's a big problem.It's all a big case of style over substance, a big, ultimately pretentious piece that badly misfires. **

I laughed out loud several times while watching "The Revenant," a bloated, bigoted, pretentious, boring, gore-fest that begs to be parodied. "The Revenant" is so over-the-top, so ham-handed, I never, for one second, forgot that I was watching celebrated actor Leonardo DiCaprio straining toward his inevitable Academy Award nomination. I never forgot that his nemesis was played by Tom Hardy, who was struggling to avoid being pigeon-holed as a pretty boy with bee-stung lips by playing an unrecognizable psycho villain. Director Alejandro Inarritu's didactic hand was all over everything. Normally I'm very squeamish and have to close my eyes during violent or gory scenes. There's as much blood in "The Revenant" as in a Quentin Tarantino movie. I didn't have to close my eyes once. In fact I laughed out loud over and over. DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass, a real frontiersman (1780-1833). The movie version of Glass was married to a Native American woman and had a son by her. The real Hugh Glass was not. There is a skirmish between white Americans and Indians in the Louisiana Purchase. The whites leave the scene on foot. Glass is attacked by a grizzly bear. He is badly wounded. The party's commander leaves Fitzgerald behind with Glass. This makes no sense whatsoever. Fitzgerald has telegraphed that he is an unhinged, hostile, and aggressive bully who has openly threatened Glass. No sooner does the commander leave but Fitzgerald kills Glass' son and leaves Glass in a shallow grave, even though he is still alive. Glass arises from his shallow grave and starts chasing Fitzgerald across what looks like the Grand Tetons. In fact the film was shot in Canada, the US, and Argentina. For many long stretches of the film it feels as if the whole point of the exercise is a long slog to find the most picturesque spot in which to bite off a live fish's head. Many shots consist of nothing more than DiCaprio, in heavy "I've been attacked by a grizzly" prosthetic makeup, staring into the camera, which was probably an inch away from his face, grimacing and grunting. If you don't like the sound of DiCaprio grunting, don't go see this film. All this grimacing and grunting builds up to the inevitable showdown between Glass and Fitzgerald. Cue the spurting blood. Little of this is plausible. Glass is frequently seen standing in or walking through water and surrounded by snow and ice. Hypothermia would surely kill any human who attempted any similar stunt. The grizzly bear attack is plainly CGI. There is a much better grizzly bear attack in the 2009 romantic comedy "Did You Hear About the Morgans?" That film used a real bear, not computer-generated pixels."The Revenants"'s director, Alejandro Inarritu, was recently interviewed on NPR. He whined about how very, very hard it is for him, a Mexican, to live in the racist United States. He's a Hollywood millionaire. He won multiple Academy Awards for "Birdman," a movie few people saw and fewer people liked. Inarritu is very Caucasian in appearance. But oh boo hoo he has to live in the horrible, racist United States as a Mexican! Inarritu also whined about the evils of colonialism, which he hoped to highlight in his movie. Because, you know, it's really a bad thing when men hurt, punch, knife, shoot arrows and bullets into, rape and stab others. But, it's a really wonderful thing when Inarritu makes a film showing all these actions in gory, graphic detail, and makes a bucket-load of money marketing those very violent images. Nothing like sincerity and purity of artistic intention. "The Revenant" is overtly anti-Christian. Tom Hardy's psychopathic Fitzgerald is the one kind of interesting character in the movie, He is just about the only one who talks. DiCaprio mostly just grunts and grimaces. Though the characters are slogging through the high Rockies, Hardy has Fitzgerald speak in a British-actor-working-under-a-Mexican- director's movie-version of a Southern accent. Southerners should sue Hollywood – why are psychopathic bad guys so often Southern? Even in the Grand Tetons? Anyway. Hardy speaks in this nearly indecipherable faux Southern accent. He's a mean, weird, unmotivated, hostile villain. He talks about God and Jesus constantly. The message is very clear. The white man's God is evil. A character named "Toussaint" rapes an Indian woman. "Toussaint," of course, means "all saints." I wonder what Inarritu thinks of what Comanche used to do to white women captives. Google it. And don't blame me if what you discover gives you nightmares. Glass gets through his travails through repeated visions of his Indian wife, who was, of course, murdered by evil white men. In one vision, Glass sees his son in a destroyed Christian church. There are paintings of Mary and Jesus, distorted by decay. Trees grow in the church. Trees are sacred, see. The church was just evil brought by the white man to hurt the Indians. At a key moment in the film, a key character makes a profound decision based on whispered Indian wisdom. Yes, not only are Native Americans spiritual and loving, they also know how to use combs. In "The Revenant" the Native Americans have groomed hair, while the whites all have stringy hair hanging in their eyes. Frontiersman needed their eyes – certainly to aim their rifles – and combs are easy to make. The unrealistic hair is just more evidence of the director's heavy-handed strain that took me right out of the movie.

With the Revenant you will join a group of world class actors and the rising stars on a cold, wet and bloody journey through natural lighted mountains, forest and swamps.(small 1st plot point spoilers possible)It's a simple story of a 'Dances of the Wolves' like man who lived among the "savages" and is showing the arrogant whites a save passage through enemy territory. It's a story of a man who's lost everything but his son, which he had with a beautiful Indian woman. A clearly ambitious Patrokles-like son, who is forced to keep his mouth shut in order to survive the hate of the whites. When the man loses his son, the problems begins - plot-wise. Since he's lost his only emotional connection, we don't get very much to know his character in later scenes anymore. And a death of a loved one might shock us for a moment, but as the character and as with every film and it's duration, we carry on. What can you offer me next?Unfortunately even the beautifully conceived wide angle mood shots can't pick up the slack. All acquaintances are short. It clearly overkills the dark, noirish conception of the character. Now I have no clue about the original source of material but a reinterpretation of it would have been good - something like a companion, or even an animal. Think of Dances with the Wolves and how the death of the wolve grabbed our emotional attention, after we've learned how the friendship was build. Another appropriate example might be Nicholas Wending Refn's Valhalla Rising. There again we have a buddy-movie like plot device - the boy, with whom the nameless fighter can connect and defend, which makes him at least more of a three dimensional, human killing machine. The revenant is plot driven, which is such a missed opportunity, because we actually are interested and care for the main character, but are left unsatisfied, and I mean not in a cliffhanger way of unsatisfied. Mr. Iñárritu co-wrote the script with Mark L. Smith. Now I'm sure that there is a clear set of symbolism which might illustrate certain inner thoughts etc., but this should'nt have been conceived as an art housian film. It should have been written with clear cinematic language, with iconic symbols, with more emotion, rather than too much of the ultra realistic gore. Yes, animals died for this movie and it's absolutely justified in order to depict the survival in nature. Take it or leave it, but your chicken did not die of stroking. I picture a lot of fun and work in the production design process, but as so often today, the script wasn't ready yet and no one cared, because great actors signed in already. The script heavily relied on Hemingway's iceberg principle. Show the tip of the iceberg, the rest is imagination. Well, in this case the polished mood pictures just weren't sufficient for me. Seeing all the twitter reviews about the bad pacing only proofs my point. As film lovers we all know that film is never about the real-time, it's about emotional-time. Scarface is a near 3 hour epic but for us it feels like a short drug intoxication. Why? Because we don't feel the grass growing, but rather a light-speed trip to mars. To close with a Oscar prediction: Sorry Leo, it ain't work this time. You gave a marvellous performance. You swallowed so much dirt, only Christian Bale can beat you with that. But your character lacked the emotional dept an audience needs that in order to be behind you. No Sir, it was not your preparation, not your dramatic art. Through the setting you were forced to suffer, but any actor in this role would have, so what was there to stand out? Unfortunately the soucre material did not allow you to go in for more.

What was all the hype about regarding this colossal miserable film?The film starts off too brutal for me with the Indians on the rampage, killing off many of the traders.Am still wondering why Leonardo Di Caprio won the best actor Oscar for this film? He gave many other much better performances in other films. The choice was ridiculous.The one shining spot of this horrible film was the supporting performance by Tom Hardy as the villain, who justified his evil ways by way of religion.This basically comes down to revenge and it's amazing that DiCaprio could ever survive the mauling by that bear to regain the stamina needed to track down Hardy, who had killed his son in the interim.Yes, the scenery is unusual but it best reflects the mood of the entire film.

Nonsense! There was more hope.Cheap, worthless Leo, a bad filmmaker. The film is artificially adjusted to receive an Oscar. Very disappointed Leonardo Di Caprio play. The role did not Oscar. Many plot blunders. For example, a horse gutted, and when he left not cut off from her meat. He does not know that horses eat or a fastidious ?! The main actor played very simple. So would any mediocre actor played. And it is not the role of the father. He looks too young. Well played by another actor - the role of the villain in terms of dramatic games. The second time is not particularly want to watch this movie. The second time is not particularly want to watch this movie. Many artificial, unreal, tense rescue the protagonist. Suddenly, there was some kind of lone Indian. He eats raw meat sitting next to the three fires!

I just finished reading a series of commentaries by people giving this movie a single star. Take your hatred elsewhere. If you didn't like the film, fine, but because it got hype, it's not your job to lower its rating; it's your obligation to say something intelligent about the filmmaking. This is one of the most visually striking features I've ever seen. The camera angles and the framing of the scenes is spectacular. During the first scene ambush, we get to see what it must be like to suddenly be in the middle of a maelstrom. Arrows are frequently seen as sterile in most films. Here, we get a taste of them being a kid of artillery. LIke "Deliverence," which is another unsettling film, these guys are just in the wrong place. Whether those furs were worth a lot or not, all their work wasn't worth it. Yet, from what we hear, they are people who are the dregs of society and need something to keep them going. Yes, when DeCaprio shows up, we began to see men who, despite their oaths, will look after their own butts. Honor only goes so far in this universe. The story of Hugh Glass is part of history. I, like many others, question the extent to which this guy is pushed to the limits (a lot of Hollywood gimmickry). It takes some real skill to deal with real historical figures. I doubt that a third of this happened. I do know that Hugh Glass was mauled by a bear and that he literally crawled across three states to get revenge. Had he been totally fictional, we would be much more forgiving. In this case, less would have been more, with some compactness and restraint. I will leave it to the experts to get at the technical stuff. This is a highly entertaining film. Anyone that gives it one star is just being spiteful. I suppose they don't like DeCaprio. One even criticized the fact that it took place in the early 1800's.

Fist let me say this. I like Leonardo Di Caprio movies because I think he is one of those actors who does good movies which are entertaining too. But this one is neither good or Entertaining. This one is 2 Hr 40 minutes of nothing but great visuals and desperate attempt to get Leo an Oscar...Leo needs to understand fans love him because he does good movies . Regardless of Oscars, he will still be loved. This movie has 0 script. A super boring revenge movie that doesn't make any sense sometimes . I mean what happens after the bear attack is laughable. Leo who is almost dead ,suddenly starts crawling after his son is killed and he is buried. And how did he survive through the wilderness for those many days Half Dead!!!!Also The biggest failure is that the emotions between Leo and his son doesn't come through. If the audience could feel the emotions, the log boring screenplay would have been little more tolerable ..And 1 thing,Tom Hardy should come with Subtitles....Nobody could get what he was saying. Overall a big disappointment from Leo..Rare but it is a colossal disappointment after J Edgar Hoover..

Wasn't going to see this film, and wouldn't have except for that I was in area when it was filmed (during the waterfall scene filming we were on the river just a few hundred yards from where it was being filmed). Very fortuitous happenstance, indeed.Parts of the movie are a little bloody, but not what I'd personally consider to be gratuitous violence. What violence and gore is shown is entirely necessary in building the story. Heads up, though, if that kind of thing bothers you, you may find the film disturbing.Incredibly beautiful cinematography; no slow boring segments; the characters are very engaging. I seldom give any movie more than 8 stars maximum, but giving this one a very deserved 10 stars.

I had been excited for this film since the first trailer came out, and let me say that it did not disappoint. I was a little worried from a few slightly negative reviews on YouTube. Many of these reviews complained that the film was slow. They're not wrong, but I thought it was slow in a good way. Anyway let me break it down.The story was very well done. It starts off running with quite a lot of action and conflict at hand. The movie somehow makes you feel like you're with this group in the middle of the wilderness in the early 1800s.Then there's the bear attack. It was one of the most intense, jarring, even disturbing scenes I've scene in cinema. I have no idea how the hell they did it, but it was excellently executed.Moving into the second act, the film does slow down a bit. This is a complaint most people have, however I feel otherwise. Many westerns such as The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly have a similar slow pace. It's ultimately a good thing though as it draws out the tension more and raises the personal stakes for the protagonist.Some people also complain about the spiritual visions that Glass has. I didn't mind them at all. It was a good way to forge a greater connection with the protagonist as we see the emotional trauma he's enduring. There are still some visions I didn't quite understand, so I plan on re-watching to analyze these.Having been shot in natural light, it is perhaps one of the most beautiful looking films I've ever seen. Coupling this with really clean and heavy sound design and some pretty brutal parts made the movie feel real.The movie paints a very realistic portrait of the raw violence that occurred in this time period. By the end of it, you'll be thankful you never lived in the 1820s.Keep in mind, if you're looking for an action-packed, fast paced adventure movie, you may be disappointed. This is more of a personal survival/revenge story.And yes, Leo should win an Oscar for this one. There were a few times when his screams were so jarring and meaningful that I almost teared up.Watch this movie.

After giving us a Masterpiece & Winning The Academy-Award for Best Director, Picture & Screenplay in Birdman, Alejandro G. Iñárritu returns on celluloid with 'The Revenant'. And the master storyteller triumphs again! Let me inform you: 'The Revenant' is NOT Meant For The Faint-Hearted. This is a brutal, unforgiving, hardcore film about survival & revenge. This a story filled & driven by blood & bruises. But if you are thick-skinned, don't dare to miss this one. This is filmmaking at its most creative & most relentless. 'The Revenant' Synopsis: In the 1820s, a frontiersman named Hugh Glass sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling.Inspired by the life of frontiersman Hugh Glass, 'The Revenant' is ideally a vendetta fare, that's been shot so gorgeously, you forget you're watching a story thats been depicted on celluloid an endless number of times. Iñárritu creates a World of violence in the wild, where people are butchered, the animals are ferocious than ever. Watching the protagonist struggle after a brutal bear mauling (Which by the way is a Frightening Sequence), is often difficult to watch, as he struggles & how. But at the end, Justice is served & the dramatic climax leaves a superb impact.Mark L. Smith & Iñárritu's Screenplay is unforgiving. Its a survival tale with vendetta as its wallpaper. The wilderness & the violence have no end here & the narrative remains strong, despite its predictable storyline. Iñárritu's Direction is Masterful. He has handled the film with breath-taking ambition. Emmanuel Lubezki's Cinematography makes 'The Revenant' a visual marvel. The Two-Time Back-to-Back Oscar-Winner has captured every frame, with such beauty, you almost feel you're in the story. A Third Oscar? Well, why not!Stephen Mirrione's Editing is sharp, although the film tends to drag a bit & is a bit too long (157-minutes). Some trimming would've only enhanced the impact more. Ryuichi Sakamoto, Alva Noto & Bryce Dessner's Score is brilliant. Art & Costume Design are flawless. Action- Sequences are raw & brutal. CGI is perfectly done.Now to the Performances! 'The Revenant' features Two of the Finest Actors of their generation coming together: Leonardo DiCaprio & Tom Hardy. And they more than rise up to the occasion. Leo is phenomenal as the struggling protagonist, who must avenge the death of his son & bear any numbers of consequences that come his way. Its a committed performance, that has great layers. Hardy is despicable as the chief villain, delivering a marvelously evil performance, that haunts you. Of the supporting cast, Domhnall Gleeson stands out with an impressive act.On the whole, 'The Revenant' is Visually Dazzling, Fabulously Acted & Impeccably Made. A Must Watch!

This movie showed amazing cinematography amid majestic settings from the opening scenes and throughout the movie. With direction of the photographer following individual characters in the line of battle, the audience is on the edge of its seat figuring out what is going on from the start, as Journeyman, Explorer, Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) leads a troop of Fur traders cross country along the Northwest (North Dakota, actual location). This true survival story from the early 1800's made me describe the movie roughly, as a cross between Jerehmiah Johnson (Robert Redford), The Patriot (Mel Gibson) and Deliverance(Burt Reynolds). With those titles, if any of them tripped your trigger, then you will very much LIKE the Revenant!There are good lessons of character in this movie for which are brought out in the way the badly injured Glass is treated by his troop after being viciously mauled by a huge bear. However, it is the vision and voice of his deceased wife and son that keeps Glass going in hard to believe scenarios. One of the best movies that I've seen in a long while for this genre.Expect Best Movie, Director, Cinematography and Best Actor nominations by the Academy.

It was so bad and incredible boring. Nominated for 12 Oscar including best Picture, actor and director? To be honest the beginning of the Movie was not that bad. A Little reminder of Saving private Ryan. But then it goes downhill. Alejandro Inarritu was the director- was a director really necessary? I cant even begin to describe how bad it was. Leo Dicaprio to win an Oscar? I hope not. The acting was below average and he was barely the actor in a leading role. He has done some impressive acting earlier in his career, but this performance nominated for best actor (and he will probably win) is crazy. To sum it up: Boring Movie, poor script, bad directing and the worst acting i've seen in a long time. He said something weird in a strange language once in a while, grunting and slept in a dead horse. Not Oscar-worthy!! DO NOT SE THIS PIECE OF CR*P!

4/5 for cinematography, 1/5 for story.There are too many plot holes to list them individually, but in general they follow the "looks- great-but-makes-no-sense" type flaw. It starts with the attack on the camp by the local tribe. Leo and his son are a little way off but run to the rescue, for some reason through water, even though it's much slower and louder than running across the land to the side of the stream. The attacking tribe seem to have no sense of strategy and risk killing their own as much as the trappers. The trappers for their part seem very slow to realise they need to hit the deck when arrows start killing every other man. You get the idea about the drama that follows, lots of scenes wading needlessly in freezing water, which would have made them hypothermic, lots of sheltering under sparse trees even though there are much thicker clumps of trees nearby, lots of camp fires which would have alerted the hostile tribe to their location, lots of things making no sense at all - it's like no one has any survival instinct.On this point, two big plot holes really spoil the movie. Leo would have definitely died of those bear wounds. No question. His back is shredded, not to mention his throat, and he would have passed out from blood loss. The freezing cold would then have finished him off. The leader of the expedition trying to stitch him up just looks ridiculous.Second plot hole - why Tom Hardy, left to guard the near-death Leo, does not just kill him as he is concerned he is a burden in a hostile area. He seems to need to him to acquiesce, okay so he has some kind of conscience, but then is interrupted by Leo's son, and kills him instead. He then could just have tied up loose ends, killed Leo and claimed to his returning companion the son ran off from grief, but no, he leaves Leo alive, which he obviously needs to do otherwise there is no rest of the film.It's too OTT to be described as grim and the cinematography is too gorgeous for it to be boring, but in a way that's what underlines what a really badly thought-through story it is.Missable if plot-holes bother you. Birdman was genius, if you haven't seen it, watch that instead.

This is a tough one, I get it. Yes I already got that after 80 Minutes. But then the movie continues to repeat "Hell, you've seen nothing yet", but it stalls on the same barbarian level where Decaprios body has to suffer ones more. Don't get me wrong, I can enjoy Zombi-Flicks and splatter movies and I love tough westerns, but the Revenant would have been better if it wouldn't take itself so f***ing serious an Mr. Inarritu would have cut this down to 115 minutes. Its just like the doctor said in "The Marathon man": This dent is dead, there is no need to torture it anymore, I have to drill a fresh one. The Revenant is trying too much to stay at 110 % pain until the end, so that I felt numb when it came to the final showdown. It has spectacular cinematography and a brilliant Tom Hardy, but less would have been so much more.

In a land where hypothermia isn't a thing, where fire can be started and maintained under any conditions and last all night long without being tended to, where broken legs be damned, where plot lines are half explained and loosely woven together, comes this epic tale of survival, revenge, and camping out in the chest cavity of a horse THE REVENANT! The performance by Tom Hardy and to a lesser degree Leo saved this thing. Will Poulter was also good. A little suspension of disbelief is fine, enjoyable even, but glossing over what it would actually take to survive the conditions portrayed in this film is a bit much. It is incredibly unlikely that anyone could survive Leo's ordeals, starting with the bear attack. And can a brother get a date/place stamp every so often? The characters seemed to go from the heart of the Rockies to the high plains in a matter of hourson foot. The storyline with the Native American chief guy looking for his daughter, and Leo's back story of living and breeding with the Pawnee could have been fleshed out more, there is something more there, but instead we got a sprinkling around the edges and not much more. Not a terrible movie, but there is no need to run out and see it.

The first bit of this review is spoiler-free. I'll let you know when the spoilers start, so for all you die-hard cinephiles who have managed to stay off Wikipedia for as long as you have, don't worry -- I have your interests at heart.The Revenant cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki opted to film only in natural light, often leaving the crew with only 90 minutes of specific light to shoot long, arduous scenes. While this proved to be a difficult policy to maintain, it really shows on the big-screen, the natural light complementing the intricate juxtaposition between beauty and brutality that Lubezki and Iñárritu so meticulously maintain throughout the film. As a Canadian, and one blessed to live so near to the Rocky Mountains, I see many a shot that is vaguely recognizable, from the frozen lake with snow-capped peaks in the distance to the mountains silhouetted against the Northern Lights. Lubezki revels in the natural beauty of unspoiled wilderness -- as he should.But what The Revenant taught me is that beauty is desensitizing, especially if one is inundated with it in a repetitive and unrelenting manner, eventually taking on a (beautiful) monotony. Each scene is done in exactly the same manner: 1. Beautiful nature shot for approximately ten seconds 2. Setting shot 3.Tracking shotsWhile this strategy is at first riveting, its repetition becomes all too clear after about the first hour or so. I was left in a dull state of certainty as to what was to happen next, amplified by the film's predictable narrative and false profundity.Now, that isn't to say that the Revenant doesn't initially succeed. The first hour or so of the film is more transporting and disturbing than any CGI-infused blockbuster. Up to the midway point of the film, I was ready to proclaim it the best film of the year. Despite Dicaprio's lack of a need to act (he mostly just crawls around and screams), he crawls and screams quite well. If that's what the Academy is looking for, I'd say for sure, give him the Oscar that he's supposedly been deserving of for so many years. But acting in general is not something I am prone to appreciate, as I find that the best actors/actresses only succeed when the audience doesn't see them as an actor/actress.I LOVE gritty filmmaking, and The Revenant is as gritty as it gets. We see Dicaprio getting rained on, beaten to a pulp, soaking wet, falling off cliffs, crawling around with a broken leg, dirty, ragged, you name it. The environment that the film depicts is harsh, Iñárritu refusing to compromise his wonderfully maintained atmosphere of mud, blood, and water for the sake of the audience, and we are so much the better for it. Sure, it's tough to watch, but it's not so much imposing as demanding. [*SPOILERS FROM HERE*] The Revenant becomes extremely predictable after the first hour. Dicaprio gets mauled by a bear (the scene is brutal), and left for dead by John Fitzgerald (Hardy), who kills his son right in front of him. It's undeniably disturbing stuff, especially when Iñárritu decides to throw in some gore to spice things up. Dicaprio then finds his dead son, and then the film segues into a tiresome, revenge flick that echoes man's immaturity while attempting to demonstrate some sort of profound knowledge of the human condition. In truth, The Revenant is as emotionally corrupt as its characters. By the end of the film, Dicaprio has come such a long way, seen so much, and yet, he is the exact same man that he is before.I hate to quote Shakespeare, but "the rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance", and this film fails to realize that. And yet, it sees fit to assume a certain undeserved intelligence (through the use of symbols and flashbacks).Technically, the film is a masterpiece despite its repetition. Narratively, the film has a flawless beginning and a solid ending. Thematically and intellectually, the film is a mess.

It started off quite well, although a bit too violent for my tastes. Promising characters, beautiful scenery, some action, some sharp dialog.But half way through I'd thoroughly lost interest.Problem one: the plot doesn't make a whole lot of sense. From what I've read in other reviews, it seems this is because elements were added on top of the story it was based on to make it more exciting/dramatic.Problem two: most of the characters aren't believable, making odd decisions. They're neither likable nor interesting, so I don't care what happens to them.Problem three: for a survival drama, it needs to be plausible that the main character could actually survive. There are multiple moments where he's clearly dead, superhuman will to live or not. It just makes it silly. It would have been more plausible with a fantasy/sci-fi element to help out, but that wouldn't be a survival drama, would it?It's a beautiful movie, although far too violent for my taste, and it's a shame to waste that on such a terrible story.

****May contain strong spoilers****As this movie is very different from almost everything else that is done today, it was an experience to watch it. The vast nature environment, the grueling story and the truth from the age of time makes this piece a spectacular one. Great acting, great script, great director and a splendid production blends together to make the movie and the experience a magnificent one. The violence in this movie is both haunting and realistic. Remember....it's in the beginning of the 19th century. As the story goes the picture also has some spiritual and soul searching aspects. I my own opinion, I have to say that people that claims that this movie is just waste of time and boring....sadly, they are missing the point and lacking the way of enjoying art.On the other perspective; If you want action, explosions, sex and "Hollywood-where-is-the-reality" type of movie with fast pace and impulsive rounds of shotguns....well.... this movie can be rejected. So...I can grasp where the negativity for the movie comes from.In my perspective; let this one take hold of you and make the mindfulness fill you. We have so much to learn about love and caring for one another.8,0 out of 10

I have no intention repeating what other reviewers have said about this film, but I do want to chime in with an often overlooked aspect of The Revenant - cinematography.First of all, the whole film is shot on digital 65mm Arri camera with not a single medium or telephoto lens. Everything is shot with wide angle lenses and the framing is done basically by moving the camera either further away or very, very close to the main actors.This super-close framing combined with wide angle lenses creates an incredible immersive effect, where you simply cannot help but physically feel the cold, the water, the dirt, the blood splatter, the nature. Many times during the movie the lens itself gets splashed in blood or dirt, it fogs up from the breath of the protagonists or even gets kicked during fight scenes. Also, the faces are so close they get distorted from the wide-angle lenses, which in turn creates an even greater effect of honesty. There are no masterfully lit beauty shots here. Instead, it's all very, very, very rough and very real.Also, the movement of the camera is incredible. The huge sweeping 360-degree vistas right in the middle of massive combat scenes create the effect of the viewer being "in the middle of action", it is almost as if you're turning your head to look around. The fact that the whole movie is made with only natural light is an interesting factoid, but it's important because the DoP Emmanuael Lubezki suddenly isn't confined in his framing by where the artificial lights are placed. He's free to move any where and any way he wants and that sense of liberty is definitively something we don't get to see very often.Every one of these visual aspects add a new layer of authenticity and what you end up with is an incredible movie that can almost be described as "an experience". It's a ride that's hard to forget and is certainly something that anyone interested in film-making is going to want to take a good, hard look into.

I found the story way too basic. If you remove Dicaprio, you have nothing left, except nice shots of the great American nature. Furthermore, as often, the ''Hollywood state agency'' found a way to distort history and pictured the French as cold blooded native peoples murderers. FRANCIS PARKMAN ARGUED, "Spanish civilization crushed the Indian; English scorned and neglected him; French civilization embraced and cherished him."Unlike their competitors, the Spanish and the English, the French often established excellent relations with native peoples during the conquest of the New World.

The Revenant's story is flat and difficult to accept as realistic or mythic. It may be magic realism but that doesn't make this particular story an effective narrative- its strengths lie in the visual trip it takes you on. However, what story it does have ruins that visual trip, unlike in the best works of Malick or Tarkovsky, where the natural imagery and the dreaminess better compliment the narrative, and vice-versa.It's not realistic, despite being 'based' on a true story, because it keeps the main character alive past all biological possibility. (For those who would quibble with the 'true story' factor, the actual story of Hugh Glass doesn't have the main character defy death ten times over. Furthermore it's a 'true story' of a mountain man doing something extraordinary. This usually means it's a tall tale.)And if Glass' death-defiance is meant to subtly show the main character as a kind of undead or supernatural being (or ambiguously or liminally so), that idea is not developed interestingly. Even worse, if Glass' endurance and death-defiance are supernatural, then his determination is irrelevant and the theme seems to be: 'family love powers magic revenge'. That's an F for story to me. I suppose that there could be some sort of grand allegorical meaning, but since the story doesn't work on the literal level, that potential is irrelevant to me.Although others may see it differently, the highest score I can give a narrative film with a zero for story is a 3 out of 10. I find it sadly amusing that after Birdman, with its examination of the perils of ego, Inarritu follows with an egomaniacal stunt of his own.

I had big expectations for this movie ! It has a big star starring in it , a big artistic director , a good concept and story , but it lacks the most important thing ; it lacks the SOUL .. !! It's a very slow paced movie , no thrill at all , I mean Leo is a good actor , but acting is not only about being on the screen ALONE most of the time , crawling , moaning and grunting without any interactions with the surroundings or other people... Other thing is that , there is nothing at all would make me love the character , why would I believe in a man who is seeking revenge for the death of his son , while I didn't feel that the father is loving the son actually , he didn't say once that he loved him , even the dialogues between them are very cold , come on , he didn't cry when he died ! I would say that the only thing that is good is the picture and the cinematography itself ...Otherwise , Leo , sorry bro , no Oscar this time ...

THE REVENANT (2015) **** Leonardo Di Caprio, Tom Hardy, Domnhall Gleeson, Will Poulter, Forrest Goodluck, Paul Anderson, Kristoffer Joner, Joshua Burge, Duane Howard, Melaw Nakehk'o, Fabrice Adde, Arthur RedCloud, Christopher Rosamond, Robert Moloney, Lukas Haas, Grace Dove. Filmmaker Alejanrro Gonzalez Inarritu - who co-penned the screenplay with Mark L. Smith based on Michael Punke's novel - continues to prove his mettle as a director to be reckoned with in a truly epic taking of a formidable recognizable western - the vengeance drama. With echoes of THE OUTLAW JOSEY WALES, DiCaprio gives blood (literally and should finally score that elusive Academy Award for a tremendous performance) as frontiersman/tracker Hugh Glass whose expedition with a troupe of fur trappers leads into a harrowing survivalist quest at vengeance and redemption when he is brutally attacked by a bear (one of the film's most unsettling moments) only to witness venal Hardy (worthy of an Oscar himself) murder his Native American son (Goodluck) and left for dead himself. With a will to pursue his traitor with enough vigor and forthright to move a mountain, Glass' ascent to revenge is to be slaked by the film's audience as well. Shot with painterly skill by Emmanuel Lubezki, a grand score by extraordinary trifecta Bryce Dessner, Carsten Nicolai and Ryuichi Sakamoto, and vistas to be only dreamed of by production designer Jack Fisk who makes smart skills of using the wintry, pristine outbreak of foreign land feel alien and all too ethereally beautiful and equally haunting. One of the best films of the year and demands to be seen on a ginormous screen!

Relentlessly boring yarn about the implausible recovery of a chap attacked by a wolf.Nice photography but even this feature quickly wears out it's welcome after the first few days! (Well, that's what it feels like.)The cookie cutter bad guys, innocent guys, honorable guys all pop in and out of the scenery...but it's not enough to save this long, long sleep-fest.Add to that the fact that the entire premise is so preposterous, then it just makes the whole movie experience a drain on your patience.On the upside, if you like snow, then maybe you can get through it. There's loads of snow.

Based on a book of the same name by Michael Punke, this is the tale of frontiersman Hugh Glass and his battle against the harsh climate of the Montana and South Dakota in order to exact revenge.A revenant in European folklore is a corpse rising from the dead and terrifying the living and Leonardo DiCaprio's performance is outstanding as his journey has him straddling the border between alive and dead. The acting here is largely physical and as he jumps in the icy water, is buried alive and eats raw meat, his suffering is incredibly vicarious to the view. It is a film of both survival and revenge; in essence they are both interrelated as it is his desire to avenge his son's death which is keeping him alive.The cinematography from Emmanuel Lubezki is just stunning as the entire film is shot in natural light and most of it in that "golden hour" shortly before sunset. The landscape is visceral and you can almost feel the chill of the Midwestern air through the cinema screen. And though the grizzly bear scene may well be artificial compared to the rest of the film it was certainly no less intense.But in a strange way, the problem with The Revenant may well be its photography. The film is in love with the scenery so much that it becomes an art installation at times and the overlong run-time can possibly be blamed on this. I also had issues deciphering Tom Hardy's American accented dialogue on occasion and this is a problem in a film where relatively few lines are said. There is also an awkward spirituality aspect to the film which appeared to be crow-barred in simply because the film is set in Native Indian territory.It is a terrific cinematic experience visually and this will probably get Leonardo DiCaprio his Best Actor Oscar. However, it is certainly not the best film of the year. To misquote Thomas Hobbes, The Revenant is nasty, brutish and long.

Really, folks? Eight out of ten? Was this because of the star power, (only heard of one and that's L. DiCap.), or because you all were drunk? First of all, the dialogue was no more than probably 500 lines or so. Secondly the movie was basically black and white. Thirdly half of the movie is with L. DiC. writhing around on the ground after first: being torn apart by a bear, (which was the only good part of the movie), secondly: beginning to heal, fourthly; after someone, (and I won't say who), gets knifed, and finally after he and his horse go riding over a cliff and he gets ejected into a tree. (Maybe the story could have been called JOB, Part II). Oh, and I forgot the audio sucked and it was difficult to understand what little was said. The bear scene was cool I'll admit, but what dope would stand around doing nothing after seeing baby bears running around? You gotta know WHO is around the corner and she ain't happy.

If you wanted to watch heavy breathing for 2h and 36mins you got your movie over here. ended up watching clock after every 10mins because i got bored during first 40mins of the movie... probably ruined my enjoyment by watching the trailer as that was 80% of the good parts from the movie. Too long wouldn't watch again. I Would suggest it to people who like to watch this year new heavy breathing simulator though if you came here for action you are in wrong spot. Most of the dialogue is missing as well due to the heavy breathing. I Have seen many other movies where Di Caprio was perfoming but this one... I Still don't get it why people would suggest to give this movie a Oscar. Anyways i hope you people who didn't come here to watch Heavy Breathing Simulator 2016 i suggest to move along somewhere else.

The only reason I give it a one (instead of a zero), is the educational aspect of the bear scene. Once you see the grizzly cubs, it is already too late. Glass should have been making as much noise as possible while walking in the woods. The scenery was also fantastic (both the lush and bleak scenes), but you could see that with a search online for "scenic forest wallpapers". The story was boring, predictable (when the canteen is framed with the swirl showing, you just know it will the be "tell-tale heart" later in the movie; and then when Glass drops it in the snow while fleeing, my mind said BINGO.A final note, was it really necessary to break the fourth wall at the end of the movie. "Hey, look at me Oscars, I really want that statue." Re-watch "The Bear" if you need a real dose of North American Wilderness scenery and want a story to go with it.

it's absolutely wasting for money and 2.5 hours from my life.. the film is boring and one of the worst films in the history. the film starts with a good battle for few minutes after that there is nothing to watch until the bear attacked Leonardo DiCaprio. after this the rest is absolutely wasting of time. after about 1 hour the attendance at the cinema started to leave and my friends started to argue about it and 2 of them slept.the performance of Leonardo was amazing and the story too but it doesn't worth more that 1 hour. the length of the film made it boring and bad.All in all I am not recommending to watch this movie. it's better to wast your time sleeping or doing nothing instead of watching this.

Leonardo DiCaprio won a Golden Globe for his performance as Hugh Glass in The Revenant, and the movie is nominated for a dozen Oscars. If these awards were for fortitude alone, the accolades would be well-deserved, as cast and crew have spoken at length about the physical hardships they faced in filming this movie. "The elements sort of took over," DiCaprio told Wired interviewer Robert Capps. One must wonder, why did they undertake such a difficult and potentially perilous project? Perhaps they did it because younger audiences today haven't grown up knowing about the privations and violence inherent in the settlement of the West—there was life before Disneyland—and need to have the blood and guts smacked in their face. In which case, the movie is a success. It's based in part on Michael Punke's novel The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge, set in 1820s Montana and South Dakota along the Upper Missouri River. If they want to give cinematography awards to Emmanuel Lubezki for this film, I will be standing in the front row cheering. It is a beautiful film—with breathtaking views of the western United States (and Canada, Mexico, and Argentina)—shot with a deep depth of field worthy of a Sierra Club coffee table book. Snow-melt rivers, star-spangled nights, forests that pull you into the sky. It's just that we're shown unspeakable violence, then astounding beauty, then unspeakable violence, then astounding beauty, then unsp. . . .you get the rhythm. In fact the violence was always so gruesome that it became (I hate to say this, since human and animal lives were purportedly involved) borrring. The beauty that followed it began to feel like heavy-handed ironic commentary, losing any capacity to soothe. The sound design and music are emotionally apt and compelling, I thought (score by Carsten Nicolai and Ryuichi Sakamoto. Director Alejandro González Iñárritu, who wrote the script with Mark L. Smith, did not conceive of Hugh Glass as anything more than a character bent on revenge. Glass pursues this hollow quest for pretty much two hours and thirty-six minutes. What I like to see in a character is some growth, some change, some "ok, this is awful, but I can rise above it" (or not). But while DiCaprio may well be capable of a meatier performance, the film doesn't ask it of him. We learn nothing by watching it except that having an angry mama-bear drooling over you is really disgusting, but wait a sec, now she's going to fling you around like a rag doll again. And drool some more. For good reason, we don't like the Frenchies, or the single-minded Indians, or the dim Americans. Everywhere they appear, Lubezki's beautiful landscape is soon tainted by blood, usually human. Please. A little nuance. But, as Manohla Dargis says in a New York Times review, Iñárritu "isn't given to subtlety." The word revenant means "ghost," and it was clear why the ghosts of Glass's murdered wife and son keep reappearing and where they will lead him. And I won't even mention the many, many instances in which the viewer Sees What's Coming a Mile Away.

The Movie starts watching a crew who get attacked by two different groups of men. Both looking for the goods they was transporting. The survivors of the attack run away into the woods. One man Hugh Glass, the strongest guy, get attacked by a grizzly bear. The grizzly bear was incredible, the whole fight was dramatic and I couldn't buy it, that Glass would survive. Specially when the grizzly bear fall over Hugh Glass. After one hour flashback watching, drama surviving watching, waiting that something happens, and one victim later, Glass faced a French speaking camp, where a young Native American get raped. He decide to take a horse and save the girl. At mostly same time Fitzgerald another man of the first attacked group, get back to town/camp and report to an officer, that the whole crew members where death, just him and a young boy, survived. The boy felt guilty about Fitzgerald report, because he left Glass before alive back in the woods, and did not know if the whole crew be death. The best part of the movie was the last 32 minutes, after Glass get hunt by native Americans and fall down the canyon, and survived. Because the captain made to the town/cam and report to the office what happen to him and to the other members, and under his coat he had Glass water bottle with him. Immediately man get on their horses and start looking for Glass. Well the rest is yours, have fun to watch the movie.

Beautiful in a self-conscious way, but often tedious. Aside from occasional moments of elevated humanity, it's mostly an overlong, gruesome spectacle of cruelty, pain and anguish, which after a while becomes almost comic in the unrelenting and extreme nature of the main character's ordeals (and the implausibility of him surviving them). Aside from a moment when DiCaprio's character gains insight into the pointlessness of his behavior, this is an unexceptional survival and revenge story gussied up by how-did-they-do-that? cinematography, portentous music, and a performance that screams "Look what I went through to get my Oscar!" I didn't believe any of it for a minute.

After being nominated for 12 Oscars I knew I had to watch the revenant and it is a great film. The premise sees a man seek revenge after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by his men. Leonardo di caprio is one of the best actors around and he continues in this film, this is probably his most physical performance ever and I really did feel sorry for his character as he went through this emotional journey. Tom hardy plays the villain in this film and he is great in this film being a rugged bad guy who is truly menacing. Domnhall gleeson fresh off of his appearance in star wars the force awakens is really good in this film and delivered a good secondary character to root for. This is definitely will poulters best role ever and he was really good in this film. The story of the conflict between di caprio and hardy is really good and easily the most interesting part of the film. However, there is some bizarre secondary plot involving some aboriginal people that just really doesn't fit in the film. The script had some decent dramatic dialogue, but it does lack the depth of some other films that holds it back. The style of this film is incredible, the action scenes are crisp and smooth and the cinematography being beautiful. Also the score totally encapsulates this films tone. Overall this is a great film that deserves its plaudits.

When I've watched the trailer for the movie I was convinced it will be great experience. However after watching it I have several remarks. The length of the movie: it is just to long and predictable. For the half of the movie Leonardo just crawls and limps. The way (and what) he survives is incredible with great dramatic scenes. The story doesn't get to me: main character suffers and yearns for revenge but I can not identify with his feelings. Maybe the reason is the same, duration of the movie. The revenge and ending: after a long and torturous struggle for survival one would expect great comeback and revenge that would made up for all that. But it the end Glass just does what is expected leaving me with unsatisfied desire for something more to happen.

Leonardo DiCaprio was good enough to win an Oscar playing Howard Hughes (from The Aviator), coked-up stock broker Jordan Belfort (from The Wolf of Wall Street), and foreign gunrunner Danny Archer (from Blood Diamond). The Academy felt otherwise. Now it seems he's the undeniable favorite to win Best Actor for 2015's The Revenant (my latest review). I call it a sympathy vote. Academy voters have been blackballing Leo for over 20 years so I guess they're calling it truce and just handing him the golden statuette. His performance in "Revenant" is a solid dose of physical acting (with few words) but I don't think it's his best work. He claws, he moans, he bleeds, he aches, and ultimately he suffers. I suppose that's good enough to take home the prize at this juncture.Anyway, DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass, a hunter venturing from wintry South Dakota to Big Sky Montana (circa 1823). He gets mauled by a bear, his son gets unjustly murdered by his party's frontiersman, and because of his bloodied condition, he is mistakingly left for dead by his military peers. Barely ambulant, Glass goes on a long journey to find the vigilant who took his boy from him. Leo's character gets put through the wringer as he gets shot at by arrows, goes down a waterfall in icy temperatures, sleeps inside a gutless horse, and eats the raw carcasses of slain bison. Chameleon Tom Hardy (brilliantly) plays Hugh's antagonistic foe, Forrest Goodluck plays his native American son, and Domhnall Gleeson (About Time, Star Wars: The Force Awakens) plays his captain, Andrew Henry. In veracity, I took in The Revenant's mostly brisk, 2 hour and 36 minute running time and was reminded of a more foreseeable version of 2013's Snowpiercer. Granted, this is minus the futuristic elements and train ride vibeology.Now if you haven't seen the trailer to The Revenant, I implore you that it literally gives the whole movie away. Sacrilege! And if you go into this winter release without hearing any early advance about it, you'll still find things pretty darn predictable. No matter. Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu takes a straight ahead and straightforward revenge thriller and injects it with his brilliant direction. He gives his main lead a series of feverish dreams and hallucinatory flashbacks to stew upon. He also combines the dirty, the violent, the bilious, and undercuts "Revenant" with sights/sounds of swallowed up nature. You can tell he uses his own style but hey, why not steal a little from his buddies too. There's a small bit of Terrence Malick going on here (stills of trees and animals) and residue courtesy of Alfonso Cuaron to boot (camera near the actor's faces with long takes happening all around them). And despite the film never sustaining the power of its opening battle sequence (between a tribe called Arikara and Henry's hunting party), you're still entertained while being drawn along with Emmanuel Lubezki's brilliant cinematography plus a harrowing musical score by three different composers (Bryce Dessner, Carsten Nicolai, Ryuichi Sakamoto). Rating: 3 stars.

this movie was wonderful, i had high expectations for it and it didn't disappoint me it lived to my high expectations.The Revenant could be just one more survival story, but Alejandro Iñárritu directed a movie that can be described as a great cinematic experience. I've really enjoyed its dark but beautiful atmosphere created by director Alejandro Iñárritu and cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki (both Oscar-winning). The soundtrack just emphasizes it perfectly. Outside of some brutal scenes, the movie is visually superb and will take you to the beautiful landscapes of the Far West. You should be ready for some extreme scenes of violence, though.Some of the most incredible things about this film, is by far the cinematography and the sound design/mixing. Visually this movie is a masterpiece. I say this because i've never seen a movie with this style of filming. It's unique and refreshing to watch, especially because their is not a lot of innovation when it comes to unique style in cinematography. The sweeping, continuous shots that go on and on are a Emmanuel Lubezkis trademark and they work beautifully. The absence of music for a lot of the movie and the sound of the falling snow, or the wind rustling the trees, or water flowing down the river is absolutely beautiful. For some of the scenes, even if you close your eyes and listen, you get the sense of where this film takes place.

Harrowing, gripping, brutal, bold, harsh and a visceral depiction of one man's willpower. Murphy's Law kept slipping from one crap to the next, to the next and the protagonist survived somehow every time, I'm not sure about if one should call that luck or the exact opposite? The Revenant is a beautifully shot film, much of it will remind you of the works of writer/director Terrence Malick. Inarritu's masterpiece, a tour de force, if I've ever seen one. From the amazing opening shot, this movie immediately hooks you. The movie is a brutal depiction of man against the wild. a survivalist story that can sometimes be difficult to watch, as some of the scenes can be quite gruesome. the performances of Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy are spectacular. Effectively it transports us to another time and place, while always maintaining its worth as a piece of visual art. You don't just watch "The Revenant," you experience it. The camera movements, the tracking shots and that glorious bear attack are all beautifully done and shown in the most harrowing way possible. For a film to open with an over 10 minute long take of a battle nonetheless, it is truly captivating and awe inspiring to see filmmakers push themselves to their limits both physically and creatively. PS- It provides an immensely absorbing experience to those who have an affinity for the wilderness. It'll be highly ludicrous of Academy if Leo doesn't get his first Oscar for this.

This movie is very realistic but the script don't really justify the play time of 2.5 hours. There is so little dialog in the movie that you don't really connect to the characters and therefore you don't care much what happens to them. Leonardo is unconscious about half the movie and washing him struggle for one hour+ is boring. The script is not very original and very straightforward, you always know what is going to happen and there are none or few surprises. The acting is superb but the script really failed to capture me. All and all I would say this movie is the total opposite of the dialog based movie the hateful eight even though the scenery is mush the same.

Taking a look at online news sites,I noticed a story about an "infamous" scene where Leonardo DiCaprio fights a bear in his new film,which led to me getting ready to go bear hunting with DiCaprio. The plot-1823:Losing half their men in a surprise attack from the Ree Indians during a hunt for wildlife pelts,the group find themselves being slowed down by experienced hunter Hugh Glass,who along with the attack from the Ree was also badly hurt from a sudden attack from a bear.Wanting someone else to get their hands dirty,the leader of the gang decides to leave Hugh behind with Jim Bridger and his son Hawk Glass who are told that they will be rewarded for killing Hugh. Doubting the boys,fellow outlaw John Fitzgerald gets the leader to give him permission to stay.Once the rest of the gang have faded away,Fitzgerald starts trying to kill Hugh. Desperately trying to save his dad,Hawk fights back but is killed by Fitzgerald.After killing Hawk,Fitzgerald believes Hugh is minutes from dying,so he decides to leave him for dead.Shaken out of his near- coma like state by seeing the dead body of his son on the ground,Hugh Glass pulls his broken,torn legs off the ground and sets his sights on getting revenge on everyone who left him and his son behind. View on the film:Gliding along the battle fields,co-writer/(along with Mark L. Smith) director Alejandro González Iñárritu & cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki immense the viewer in a harrowing world,as tightly coiled tracking shots pick up the sliver of blood dripping out of Glass,with Iñárritu lingering on each aftershock that Glass suffers from every stabbing and bullet wound.Firmly holding on to the belief of filming in real locations and using nothing but completely natural light, (which led to the movie taking months longer than expected to be filmed,with crew members quitting over the delay) Iñárritu shows that all the trouble was worth it by using the natural locations to give the title an extraordinary rustic beauty.Iñárritu releases the delicacy offered by the location in a precise manner,as lone flickers of light from the trees keeps Glass from sinking into the freezing river and endless blizzard.Finding darkness in the beauty of the location, Iñárritu brilliantly stabs the delicate appearance of the location with a blunt-force documentary intensity,which goes from a breathtakingly brittle bear attack,to the blood of Glass & Fitzgerald splattering against the camera.Partly adapting Michael Punke's novel,the writers offer a brief glimpse of the wild west sunset by giving Glass's relationship with his son a touching tenderness which haunts the entire film.Pulling the knife out of the "traditional" glamorous aspects of the revenge tale,the writers drive their Western into a decaying Film Noir world,where every step Glass takes for revenge leads to him losing pounds of flesh as his torn apart heart struggles to survive in the dead to the wild wilderness he has been left in.Pulling the "challenges" he had with Iñárritu onto the screen,Tom Hardy (who during a heated "debate" wrestled with Iñárritu!) gives a chilling performance as John Fitzgerald,whose icy eyes are peeled away by Hardy to reveal a blood-drenched psychopath,with each gruff line Hardy drags out displaying Fitzgerald's complete lack of soul.Taking on the role with a seriousness which led to him eating raw animal meat (despite being vegetarian) and sleeping inside an animal carcass, Leonardo DiCaprio gives an extraordinary performance as Glass,thanks to DiCaprio keeping the memory of Glass's son buried right at the centre of his heart,which stays burning as every other piece of Glass's heart is ripped,chewed and spat out,with DiCaprio making each of Glass's shaky steps hit the ground like concrete,as Glass begins his walk for revenge.

It is one of the most beaten clichés of movie-marketing to call in the viewer to experience something unusual. When in truth there are very few filmmakers who are able to pull off something like a sensory cinematic experience. Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu is one of those rare directors. His movies defy narrative conventions ("21 Grams", "Babel") and also visual templates ("Birdman"). Now he has achieved his next big step. A big budget adventure story that is reduced to its most minimal plot-elements while being a truly immersive experience that manages to give a tangible sense of a long-gone era.Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a tracker who assists a band of fur-trappers in the early nineteenth century. He is attacked by a bear along the frontier of Montana. And after being left for dead finds himself amidst an unforgivable wilderness. The screenplay written by Mark L. Smith and Iñárritu is a starting point for a film that relies first and foremost on the image and is therefore reconnecting with the era of silent film and the most fundamental roots of the medium. Iñárritu who tried to avoid as much as possible the trappings of computer effects has production designer Jack Fisk, cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki, costume designer Jacqueline West and his actors pull out all the stops. You are left with images, sounds, faces and languages that force you to reflect on your life two hundred years after the events shown here.Leonardo DiCaprio manages, not unlike Tom Hanks in "Cast Away", to hold the screen with his presence in a performance that is mostly wordless. From teen-heartthrob to superstar to character actor; DiCaprio's trajectory seems to be about choosing his projects according to the challenges they face. And it must be said that his devotion to the portrayal of an archaic character whose prime motivation is survival is as simple and riveting as can be.Before he began shooting "Birdman" Iñárritu sent his cast an image of Philipp Petit, the high-wire artist who walked between the towers of the World Trade Center. It was a symbolic gesture of what he and his collaborators were trying to attempt with their movie. "The Revenant" represents another high-wire act by this Mexican iconoclast. It is a successful attempt to resurrect not only a forgotten time, but also some often neglected qualities of cinema.May it jolt all those timid formula-makers out of their slumber.

The man on that very trip is Hugh Glass. This first paragraph is to give everyone a heads up as to what they should expect going in to this movie. For starters don't be expecting a action film, this is far from an action film. There are many down moments and many periods of time with little dialogue, if you are easily bored beware. Now on to the review of the movie.The first and foremost thing I will talk about is the cinematography. I swear to you that this film houses some of the best camera work I have seen in a movie, not to mention the difficulty of shooting in natural light on top of the tricky and great shots that they pulled off. The first battle scene between the Arikara and the fur trappers was filled with many great shots, not just long shots but very maneuverable shots. If this film doesn't take the Oscar home for best cinematography I would be very surprised. Hats off to Emmanuel Lubezki for he truly is a master of his craft and is on the top of his game in this one. It truly is a shame however that the score is unable to enter into the Oscar race, the way it pairs with the visuals work quite well. When it comes to the more intense scenes a very heart jolting percussive tune joins with it, in the smaller more beautiful moments of scenery are accompanied with a more orchestral type music. The music works quite well and I wished it could of at least of gotten a Oscar nod.Although I have stated this film isn't a action film it does have some very very well executed action sequences, the first encounter between the Arikara and the fur trappers was great. If you have scene the trailers you already know what I'm talking about. Another one would be when Hugh is running from the Arikara on a horse, and if you have seen the 50 second clip you know what I'm talking about. That is something that bothers me though is how they pack the trailer full of action and get viewers expecting something different that what is actually given, on top of that baiting a demographic that would most likely be disappointed. If you want to see the movie for the action you have the trailer and the clip which gives you almost all the action that is in the film. This film is about the journey Hugh Glass goes through and it portrays it without any sugar coating and in the end pays off quite well.The performances are very good as well. Tom Hardy and Leonardo Dicaprio are practical shove ins for nominations, I don't however think either one will win but would be pleasantly surprised if either one won. In conclusion the film is ultimately good but isn't for the action hungry, it is very technically well made and practically a guaranteed win for cinematography. The film wasn't as entertaining as I was hoping it would be and it may overstay its welcome a little long but the film quality doesn't disappoint, I would rate it an 8.5/10, thanks for reading my review and I hope you can enjoy the film.

The story of Hugh Glass was quite astonishing but the Leo version managed to turn this true story of survival into a daft revenge flick. The scenery was quite breath-taking but the acting was far from that. Based on a true story but with practically every scene made up nonsense.Making Fitzgerald kill his imaginary son to set up the revenge element Glass then walks through a boring sub-plot about some Indian looking for his daughter before gaining said revenge.The reality was so much more interesting but sadly reality is a word Hollywood has never heard of. So we get a poorly executed revenge scenario culminating in a big fight which ties up the two plots in a bow for the audience.Hugh Glass had a really interesting life and his walk to safety would have been really inspirational to those that heard about it. The film of his 'life' sadly was pretty boring and dragged on and on for well over an hour too much. Leo is a great actor and played his part well enough but the tale was poorly served by those involved in the movie production. Another disappointing film that promised so much.

Usually one expects good things from Leonardo DiCaprio, especially when coupled with the man of the moment Tom Hardy. Whilst they both deliver stellar performances, dead cert for Oscar nominations, the film itself is only of an average calibre. For 135 million one expects to see a dazzling display but the film only displays normal effects, it would seem that the only reason it cost so much was Iñárritu's insistence on natural light leading to a much longer than usual filming schedule, which drastically inflated the budget. We are shown a fighting bear that is supposed to make for a dramatic scene but the CGI already looks dated, not to mention unnatural, and I ended up watching the clock for the scene to be over, as I noticed others doing too. The storyline itself isn't anything special or that we haven't seen done a million times before. If Leo and Hardy weren't starring in it I imagine so called 'critics' would be calling this an average film. The film would also not break even without their star power.

If you live in the city or spend almost all your time in an office/ your home, this movie might blow you away. The cinematography is absolutely amazing. However, if you regularly spend time outside or go on vacation a lot, I reckon nothing beats reality and this movie will show you little new.The problem with this movie is its story, which is non existent. While you may argue that about half an hour of the movie is action packed and fun to watch, the overall quality of the plot is just not there. The plot is predictable and to me there was too little time to identify with the characters and feel for them. On a side note: Leo did a great job (as did Tom Hardy) but this is not the type of movie that allows you to win an Oscar for acting.In conclusion: match your expectations if you want to go see this movie. You will see great cinematography but you wont see anything else.

This movie was really good Leonardo DiCaprio did a really good acting it was really like a real scene was going on instead of a movie. It had some flaws like how could he survive bear attack and after that how can he survive the fall from the cliff but still it was a very good movie the direction was really amazing i mean like Alejandro did a great job every scar , every death , every place was captured in a really amazing manner .The story is very simple DiCaprio has his son killed by Tom Hardy and is left in a very bad shape and he recovers and takes his revenge but how he takes his revenge and his recovery (really i mean his recovery was very tragic) is just captured in a amazing way .This is a must watch ,this movie is a bit slow but it is worth it just go and see it.

I have now seen this film twice in four days and the second viewing affirmed what I thought after the first, This is an exceptional piece of cinema. The caveat to that is that folks who like to be spoon fed their entertainment may find it difficult viewing in places but be assured it is exceptional for a number of reasons in my view. Not least the casting, from the Hollywood mega stars(Leo&Tom) to the relatively unknown (to me) Native Americans. The other most important ingredient is the setting, harsh in the extreme.. All played their roles superbly with an unbelievable sense of the time in history when it is set as much as we can really understand what life was really like then. I would assume, pretty 'brutal' by the standards of modern western society. I had no trouble hearing and understanding the dialogue but often it was not greatly of consequence whether understood or not because there is a continuous sequence of events which leads to a fairly likely conclusion. On first viewing I did have a sense of wondering what was going to happen next most of the way through and unlike some reviewers I was not 'bored' for a moment, so much of what occurred was so dramatic as to be a constant chain of surprises, knowing from the meaning of the title what the final outcome would be.I should point out that both viewings were on the biggest screen of my local complex and I sit fairly near the front to get that totally imersive experience.I don't know where the filming took place but wherever, it was a good platform for early 19th century 'back of beyond' USA and that coupled with the unrelenting precipitation of snow or rain gave the whole thing a feeling of great authenticity.I have noted one or two reviews have been very picky about details but for me it was an outstanding piece of drama presented to the highest production values in a staggeringly beautiful if somewhat bleak, at times, setting. Not for watching on a phone or an ipad but as I said to start with an exceptional piece of cinema with outstanding performances from Leo and Tom especially.

Alejandro Gonzalez Innaritu's "The Revenant" is a magnificent force of pure cinematic talent. This is one of the greatest movies ever made, and is the best of 2015. "The Revenant" stars Leonardo Dicaprio as Hugh Glass, a fur-trapper in the 1820s who is brutally mauled by a bear and is left for dead by John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy is a gritty role), causing Glass to seek revenge while trying to survive in the treachery of the western wilderness. Alejandro Gonzalez Innaritu strikes again with amazing directing that organizes the look and feeling of the film perfectly. Innaritu doesn't tell you a story, he puts you into it and makes you connect with a film instead of view one. Cinematogrpaher Emmauel Lubuzki (who deserves his third straight Oscar) crafts beautiful shots of both his subjects and the natural setting the film revolves in. It's an amazing work of art that Lubuzki makes, giving "The Revenant" a beautiful visual appeal. "The Revenant" is all about nature, more specifically man vs nature, man vs man and man vs self. Hugh Glass encounters all three challenges and experiences nature in many forms, nut just from nature in the wild, but human nature of all types. We understand Glass's feelings through his eyes and through his encounters with various native Americans (who are also enemies of the fur trappers). With spectacular acting by Leo and Tom Hardy, "The Revanant" delivers a magnificent artistic vision of survival and conflict while engaging viewers in a cinematic experience like no other that tests the questions of life.

The sheer volume of promotion should have rung warning bells for when a work has quality word of mouth will promote it better than expensive advertising.Since the entire film is shot on location without artificial lighting and was clearly an endurance test in many ways there is no excuse for not making it credible. In short no human I know of could survive what di Caprio's character, Hugo Glass, lives through.The film is far too long at some 153 min. and urgently needs editing.In this setting - the wide open spaces of Canada - more silence would have been appropriate but at times I felt the volume of the theme music was just over-done. We don't need to be told how to feel for it's a visual medium so let us get atmosphere first from the visuals.The faces of the indigenous actors were wonderful and lent a note of authenticity and really the performances overall were very good. It was the survival of the central character which lacked credibility, not the acting (people die from hypothermia quite quickly when exposed to the elements yet our profoundly wounded and infected hero just keeps going!). Also the two 'wild' scenes made for exciting viewing (not specific as don't wish to spoil).The plot is fine. It's not a new story, the appropriation of assets from native peoples,along with greed and revenge and that plot was well established.Overall and in one word, disappointed. Could not sit through it again.

This was one of the first movies that I've gone to see in theaters in a very long time. It is too bad that the experience left me dissatisfied.I am a natural skeptic, and I think that this skepticism is what kept me from enjoying the movie. I can accept plot holes, inconsistencies, and the hero escaping unending deathlike scenarios in your average over the top action movie, but in a movie that was filmed in such a realistic way and touted to be based on a true story, these types of things really bother me.The beginning of the movie had me hooked. The quite stalk transitions into one of the most epic battle scenes that I've ever seen. It was truly awesome. The first hints of highly exaggerated drama, and where the experience turned sour for me, came with the bear attack. This was a scene that most people loved, but it was the first scene that tore me out of the movie and into the realm of criticism.For starters, this movie is beautifully filmed, and adding CGI, even animation this good, really took me out of the story. The bear mauling also seemed highly exaggerated. There were literally minutes of the bear tossing DiCaprio around and biting and shaking every inch of his body. I'm sorry, but no one could survive something like that from an animal that large. Even if he wasn't dead immediately every bone in his body would have been broken and he would have been torn to shreds and bled out in minutes.The seasons/landscape in the movie also seems highly inconsistent, or maybe I just don't understand the geography/time-line that they were traveling through, but they go from wooded forests with little to no snow to frozen tundra with nothing around them, and then back and forth, and I just did not understand where the different characters were at any given moment.I love how this movie was filmed, but if you are going to go through all of the hassle to get untouched nature scenes in real light and tell a tale based on a true story, why not make sure that there aren't glaring inconsistencies and truly unsurvivable moments for the protagonist. Here are some more that I noticed: - Multiple gun shots from muzzle loading rifles/pistols without reloading. In any other movie this wouldn't bother me/I wouldn't notice, but really you only have one shot before you have to spend 30-60 seconds reloading one of those things. This kind of inaccuracy was really glaring to me.DiCaprio ate raw meat, and dove into freezing water for his role in this movie, but he couldn't start a fire with flint? It seemed fairly obvious by the way the scene was filmed that the fire was started off screen by someone else. I would think that a movie trying to realistically portray the struggle to survive would at least try to show how hard it would be to really start a fire with flint. If DiCaprio was willing to undergo the other struggles of survival, why wasn't he able/willing to learn to start a fire? - DiCaprio struggles out of a freezing cold river and can barely move, cut, next scene he has a roaring fire but there are barely any usable fire materials in sight. How did he build a fire? - What is with Tom Hardy's accent? I appreciate his dedication to the role, but where is this accent from? I had a similar problem with his accent in Lawless. He is consistent with it throughout the movie, but is it just a made up accent, or is it based off of how some people talk/talked in real life? If it is I certainly haven't heard it before.DiCaprio's leg was severely broken and we never see it set. When/How did his bones magically set themselves and heal? Especially since he doesn't have a source of food throughout most of the movie.When they find out DiCaprio is somewhere outside of the fort they send a party of 20-30 people out to look for him, but when a guy steals all of the money out of the fort safe they only send a party of two? - Why all the scenes with the dead wife? He didn't even have a wife in real life, and I don't think any of the scenes added anything of worth to the movie.Reading through other reviews it sounds like the story in the movie isn't even close to the story in the book. I really hate when they say based on a true story, but it doesn't even come close. What am I supposed to believe? In the end I just choose to believe none of it, which completely defeats the purpose of it being based on a true story in the first place.Despite all of the things that I disliked about the movie, there were a couple of redeeming scenes. In particular I enjoyed the beginning battle scene, and I think it is something that everyone should see. I also loved the primal scene, where two starving strangers are staring each other down while eating the raw meat of a fresh kill. This scene along with the following scene where they are catching snow out of the sky in their mouths were two of my favorites.

This Revenant was purported to be a grueling shoot for all involved- particularly DiCaprio. I didn't realise it would be similarly tough going for viewers. Much like Glass's vocal abilities post-bear mauling, The Revenant is slow, strained and unpleasant.Glass undergoes every wilderness adversity known to man- plus a few we didn't know. Some of his 'survival' choices are baffling- like choosing to gag down raw bison liver when there was a perfectly serviceable fire four feet behind him. Everything is hard about this film- including the characters. The effect of this is zero engagement with, or empathy for characters. Without a genuine investment and attachment to characters, The Revanent is simply an R-rated 'Man Vs Wild'. We voyeuristically watch DiCaprio grunt and gnaw his way through storms, animal savaging, human savaging and sub-zero temps that make the Antarctic look like a tropical getaway. To survive these ordeals, he employs techniques straight out of the Han Solo play-book, at one point climbing into a horse carcass for warmth. I wanted desperately to connect with the story, to cheer on Hugh Glass during his horrid plight; but, at best, I could only admire this film on an aesthetic level. The cinematography is so awing that one can never quite adjust or forget to admire it. It's like a gorgeous wildlife documentary, only with human characters who lack the likability of the usual animals roaming such films. DiCaprio gives a fine performance, although arguably Hardy's feral Fitzgerald- while not as visceral, is more interesting and charismatic to watch. Again, the lack of likability is a flaw in this film. There's been endless hue and cry about Leo long being denied his Oscar. The Revenant may well be his Oscar snagging performance. He renders Glass's pain and suffering perfectly, but Glass is not a character we care about. He's more like a specimen in a jar being tormented with sunlight directed through a microscope by a 7 year old bully. Glass lacks the 'heart' and appeal typically expected of Oscar winning performances. He is a character as frosty as the icy landscape. That's more of a fault of the storyline than Di Caprio. I can't help but feel anyone who gets any level of enjoyment from this film (gorgeous cinematography aside) and its violent content is a psychopath, or at the very least, has an underdeveloped frontal lobe. Halfway through the film I became restless for it to end. The stunning vistas kept me there- but like Glass, I was relieved to be outta there!I love you, Leo, but I preferred you in The Departed- or even Gilbert Grape to this. Cinematography, breathtaking: 10/10. The story and level of engagement with characters: 4/10.

I was disappointed in this film as it received so much praise and won Oscars, I should have known really as most often critics choices are miles away from what us ordinary folk think. The scene with the Grizzly bear was incredible and I found myself wondering how on earth they did it (I have since found out how). No doubt about Leonardo's performance as he was superb but the film over all was dull and often defied reality. No one would have survived time in freezing waters and then coming back up on icy sub zero temperature land.This film was based on a real person who did survive an attack by a Grizzly but the way he was attacked in this film, he would have been left with a broken spine and paralysed for sure. I also found a lot of the violence unnecessarily graphic and there is no way that people in the 1800s used modern day profanity, but it seems that many film makers today want to re-write how history was for some bizarre reason.So over all a disappointment.

Absolutely boring movie.Poorly written, acted and executed. Historically inaccurate. Leonardo needed an Oscar and he got one. A bit like John Wayne. Jeremiah Johnson (1972) is a much better movie. Watch it instead! I'm writing this as I watch Revenant and my neck is getting sore!! Shaking my head in disbelief! Have they heard of character development? I don't care what happens to anybody in the movie! Why is Leonardo doing poor Clint Eastwood impersonations? Gruff, Gruff, Gruff! Should have listened to the great Jack Hawkins and understood how hard it is to talk with destroyed larynx and a hole in the throat!

The Revenant was a long awaited movie, not only due to the special effects and panoramic pictures, but also due to the famous role the actor Leonardo DiCaprio plays in it. A strong hype was noticed coming from the fans of DiCaprio, especially when considering, that after many great roles, and 5 nominations, he never got the chance of giving an "Oscar-Winner Speech". Personally, I am a huge fan of DiCaprio, and his work through the last years. He is, in fact, one of the actors that have made nothing but powerful roles, that stick in the viewer's minds. "The Revenant" hasn't failed when it comes to give him a role, that people will remember, but unfortunately not as the best one. In the movie, Leonardo DiCpario plays Hugh Glass, an American frontiersman in the 19th century, who gets severely attacked by a bear, and then left to die by his expedition-colleagues. After this disaster, the remaining 2 hours of the movie consist in Glass trying to get back to civilization by himself, and seeking revenge for his son, who got murdered by Fitzgerald, played by the great Tom Hardy. Although quite original, the plot is extremely empty, which leaves the audience in a constant boredom throughout the length of the film. Despite the fact that DiCpario (and the great Tom Hardy) managed to come up with the expectations for their acting, "The Revenant" wasn't a movie that should get rewarded with a "Best Actor Oscar", not because DiCaprio played Hugh Glass badly, but simply because the whole journey he made by himself, didn't require much of him, mainly due to the lack of dialogue. To summarize, it was a well developed movie, but the 12 nominations it got, were definitely not fair.

For me, a more appropriate title for 'The Revenant' would have been 'The Neverend'.... At 2 hours and 36 minutes, the film, which was shot outdoors in Canada, U.S.A and Argentina, is beautifully framed and filmed , glorious to watch- for an hour or so , but as compelling cinema - i beg to disagree!Leonardo turns in a competent performance but didn't deserve an Oscar for this one.Anyway it was an award overdue so guess its OK. Watch it if 'Nat Geo' is one of your favourite channels and also if you have the time and patience. There have been interesting similarity's drawn between the composition of scenes from Andrei Tarkovsky's films and the framing of quite a few of Innaritu's shots in The Revenant. Decide for yourself.

I was freezing on his behalf the whole movie.It as not realistic, several times he is freezing before getting wet and still manage to survive. Most people can only survive minutes in the cold river. His wounds are recovering faster than the Terminator. The movie is simply to long.The best part of the movie is actual the discussion of killing a colleague as the most humane thing to do, and the effect fear and cold having an impact on peoples decisions.I admit Leonardo is good in the movie and he deserves his Oscar - but still the movie is boring

The Revenant is an intense but excruciatingly long film. It recounts the true story of the incredible return of Hugh Glass, an ace fur trapper, who was left behind as "dead" by a treacherous accomplice after being badly mauled by a bear. Without subtitling, barely a sentence can be understood of the heavily accented drawl. Not that Leonardo DiCaprio, who plays Hugh Glass has much to say; most of the time he is grunting or grimacing. Other than that he also bites into live fish, eats raw bison liver and sleeps inside a dead horse. It is definitely not an Oscar winning performance.While the snowscape is exquisitely photographed, it can hurt your eyes. There are some stunning sequences, among them the bear attack. Despite the film being so long, not much footage has been devoted to Glass's miraculous recovery. It defies belief, even if based on a true incident. The director has tried to inject some doses of mysticism, but it comes across as a pompous exercise in film-making. What linger at the end are not the travails of Hugh Glass, but the sad eyes of the native Indian chief searching for his abducted daughter.

Having a passion for both movies and the great outdoors it will be of no surprise that I've been very excited about the release of The Revenant for quite some time. In the hands of a talented Director and arguably Hollywoods best acting talents on board what could possibly go wrong?I can't overstate how disappointed I was with this movie, to all the reviewers on here who give 9 or 10 star ratings i feel the need to say that the Emperor really has got no clothes on.I agree that The Revenant is a visually stunning movie and if thats all it takes to make great entertainment for 2 hours I suggest you save the price of your cinema tickets and go enjoy your local woods or beauty spot for free. Personally I believe that great cinematography, acting and CGI are all irrelevant if the plot is second rate, and here in lies my great problem with a movie that had a really incredible, albeit rather embellished story to work with. If as some reviewers have written this is a story of mans resilience against the harsh forces of nature, then why did the film makers feel the need to discard some of the most interesting elements of Glass's story pertaining to that. For instance how he used maggots to eat away at his infections in order to avoid Gangrene or the raft he fashioned to travel downstream without dying of hypothermia, a condition that Decaprio,s character seemed strangely immune to. Instead they add a rather laughable revenge plot that even Charles Bronson or Steven Seagal would have considered too cliché. When will Hollywood learn that killing the bad guy who killed your loved one, is not just a very dissatisfying and predictable narrative its also downright insulting to the intelligence of the viewing public. Lets not forget to add in the clichéd ghostly appearances of his lost loves, people who had literally zero character development, to complete the disappointment. The only saving graces of this movie is the well paced and interesting opening battle sequence and Tom Hardys performance, proving yet again that he is among the very elite of acting talent. Its a great shame the script writing didn't match his contribution.My advice to anyone considering going to see this movie, is to leave after the first half hour, go straight home and watch Deliverance or Into the Wild or even go look at some trees, it takes more resilience than Hugh Glass himself showed in the wilderness to get to the end of this film.

Considering the fantastic reviews and prizes this film is getting I have to say it is not my cup of tea. Great cinematography, good actors, impressive fight with a bear, savage scenes...But what about a good story or better said a new way of telling a story? To say the story is conventional is an understatement. It reminds me of Dance with Wolves when I would like to see something like the wronged The Hateful Eight. The film leads you into thinking you are seeing something new because of the unusual beautiful scenery and the savage ways of the characters.It is like a candy in a new wrapping, when you open it is all the same...

So I, like most other reviewers, really enjoyed the amazing cinematography in this movie as well as the incredible locations... for that alone this movie deserves recognition and praise. I've never felt so up close an personal in a movie before. For this I give the movie 2 points.The acting, at least the physical components of acting, was clearly excellent. I give the movie an additional 2 points for acting - especially by our two main characters.But,My mind just couldn't accept the situations that our hero Hugh Glass survived in this movie depiction of a story with apparently true elements. Survival under such conditions is simply not possible. My key example would have to be complete immersion in a river with water temperatures in the 32 to 40 degree (F) range for - what must have been at the very least - 15 to 20 minutes and perhaps longer. In these water temperatures, a person would have about 10 minutes before their movements would be weak, uncoordinated and ineffective; certainly not sufficient to drag ones self out of the water up a steep bank, collect wood, and start a fire. And I'm just talking about the water immersion! Moving from water at this temperature to winter air temperatures in the 20's or 30's, with everything you're wearing soaked, is not survivable. I could highlight the completely unbelievable nature of most of the situations experienced by Mr. Glass, but I think my point is made.I wanted to suspend belief, I wanted him to survive, but the situations depicted in the film were just too extreme.So no additional points because of this, in my opinion, fatal flaw.As others have highlighted, the otherwise single track story line with largely undeveloped back-story and lack of dialogue also earned no additional points for my movie rating.I wish had those 2 and a bit hours and the $16.38 I used up to see the movie back.

PROS 1. The film is technically brilliant. There are numerous stunning, very complex sequences that made me wonder how they pulled it off, with ambitious use of cranes and jibs. Much of the camera-work is mindblowing. There's a Native Indian attack on the hunting party near the start that appears to be shot in one long take without any edits and it's incredible to watch, Indians are shot and fall from trees, arrows are shot through people's necks, people fall from horses, there are knife-fights, gun-fights, and it's all shot in one long take that goes on for ten minutes. Of course there ARE edits, but they are cleverly masked, I think during the various whip pans. This sequence - for it's ambition, scale and scope - is almost on a par with the opening of Saving Private Ryan. The grizzly bear attack on DiCaprio is technically amazing too. Incredibly realistic. 2. The Native Indians are portrayed in an interesting and fresh way. They are shown to be intelligent, dynamic people. The performance by the elderly Arikara chief is especially powerful. 3. There's an interesting interplay between the various ethnic groups in this film. The French are portrayed as drunken, racist, corrupt rapists. The American frontiersmen are a strange assortment of Irish-American looking people with ginger hair, a few black people and a cockney - similar to the type of demographic mixture you see on a pirate ship, or the crew of an old sailing ship - or like the ship in King Kong for example - it's almost the exact same demographic mixture as those guys on the ship in King Kong, And Prometheus. And The Force Awakens. And Spectre. I guess it's a demographic reflection of the film's intended audience. CONS 1. The film becomes more contrived as it goes along. The film is about DiCaprio overcoming one implausible challenge after another. He's attacked by Indians - but survives, he's mauled by a grizzly bear for 5 minutes - but survives, the French find and hang from a tree DiCaprio's Pawnee companion but fail to spot DiCaprio - who's camping in a big tent just a few meters away. He falls over a cliff on his horse - but survives (the horse dies), he's washed downriver in the rapids and is heading towards a 300M drop but at the last moment inexplicably steers himself into a tranquil off-shoot river and survives. He also nearly freezes, starves and bleeds to death but always pulls-through at the very last moment. DiCaprio faces death every 10 minutes yet survives the most ludicrous injuries and accidents - meanwhile everyone around him dies in a flash. 2. There are annoying and pretentious dream-sequences depicting DiCaprio's Native Indian wife and son before they get killed. DiCaprio experiences continual dream-sequences / flashbacks depicting his loving wife watching over him from the afterworld which are impossible to relate to because his wife and son are just ciphers who have very little screen-time so we never get the opportunity to develop feelings for them like we do for DiCaprio and to a lesser extent with some of the other characters such as the friendly Pawnee Indian and the elderly Arikara chief. 3. Much more could have been made of Native Indian mysticism. The imagery in the film tried so hard to be mystical and profound but it just came across as hackneyed and derivative. 4. Tom Hardy keeps letting people go - he's on the verge of killing someone then he let's them go for no reason other than to allow the story to continue. So he's got loads of witnesses to his crimes running around the wilderness and he goes back to the fort where he can get arrested and be testified against by the multiple witnesses he allowed to go free. This is one of the more blatant flaws that ruins the film. 5. Tom Hardy is horribly miscast in this film - he's not menacing or depraved enough for the role, he delivers his dialogue in a mumbling Texan drawl that's barely understandable - you can't understand 95% of what he says. His performance is comical, cartoonish and overacted. I would have cast an actor 10-15 years older than Tom Hardy - Tom Hardy is too similar in looks and demeanour to DiCaprio to provide an engaging foil. 6. Bizarrely - whilst much care and attention has been paid to the outstanding cinematography and direction (the blocking in some of the long, complex one-take scenes is jaw-dropping) there appears to be massive technical errors on the soundtrack. I noticed Tom Hardy's dialogue was out of sync a couple of times. IN SUMMARY The director - Alejandro Gonzalez Innaritu - pulls off massive technical ambition perfectly, but maybe because of this, the film feels artificial and contrived. As the movie progressed I started to get the terrible feeling that I had seen it all before - and I had! He's copied the story - I've seen this story so many times before: Badlands, Deliverance, Southern Comfort, The Proposition, the recent film about wolves with Liam Neeson - all remarkably similar in theme, tone. The Proposition seared itself into my memory because it dared to be different and dared to be new and it succeeded in doing that. These qualities are missing in The Revenant, it's a rehash of a rehash. There's no substance to it, and absolutely no soul. Everything is pinned on the fancy camera-work and clever digital effects - but beyond that - there's nothing there. I'm sorry to say this - but I can only give The Revenant 3/10.

The landscape and intensity of some scenes make the movie. Directed in quite a realistic way and with some very good and interesting historical details.But as for the directing itself and story, it's no good.The story ends up being very Hollywood not believable for a second.The directing is so so so so slow that becomes boring. I understand that the speed of the movie tries to reflect the loneliness and isolation of the places, but it went waaaaaay to far.At the end of 1h30 of movie I was done, and there was still another hour to watch. It was boring and painful. Try to watch it at home where you can stop and keep watching some other time, or just go fast froward in many many places.

Just seen it. I give it a six because of the cinematography, sound, and acting. Otherwise, this is a 5 minute story that lasted 2 and 1/2 hours or so. Pretty disappointed. I went to see an entertaining movie, not hear snow melting, insects in the background and streams running. There is a sub-backstory that never really develops and you can't make any connections to the main story when it's over. Originally I thought the bear scene was worth the price of admission. After the next hour or so of minimal dialogue and constant scenery, I re- thought about it. The bear scene is worth the price of a rental!I like realism, but found myself wanting them to "get on with it already"! The main character's struggles lasted ENTIRELY too long. This movie could have EASILY been about 90 minutes and just as good. WAIT to rent this. DO NOT go spend $10+ for the ticket and then $20 for treats.

I was not sure to go and see a movie which everybody says that is violent, but so many nomination, I said it might worth seeing. 1- Acting and performances are really great. 2- Scenery of wilderness are amazing. 3- Plot says that a white man who is a member of missionary/frontier post who lived among the American Indigenous, and has a son, fled with a group of hunters after the the clan massacred by US army. He fled after his wife is killed, but why he did not end up with the remaining clan, and joined a group of hunters? The hunters were attacked by the "Indian" and every detail of killings pictured well. 4- You do not feel any pain that the "Indian" went through. Some of them killed by other tribes, beside being killed by white who some are good people and some are bad people. You do not find any good "Indian", or maybe I missed this part since the scene of violence were so important to be portrayed. 4- Indians in this movies portrayed as , a) Prostitute, b) fighters who just kill. c) some you can feel pity about them. Is there any story of them being human, that even a missionary goes live with them? Is this part you left to be created by your imagination? Why?

The Revenant. Way too long to the point of tedium. The indestructible Leo deserves an Oscar for eating all that raw meat, but Tom Hardy blows him off screen for acting ability. Savage, gory and beautiful scenery. The opening sequences are fantastic and should be seen on as big a screen as possible. The bear also stars in this 'based on true life' story, with one memorable attack. Despite the CGI this is filmed in such a way to make it believable and Leo grunts and groans throughout. Well done to the make up artists, the special effects are stunning. There is very little back story, but the characters interact well but there are too many long, lingering shots.

'The Revenant' is unlike any movie you will ever see. It is an absolutely breathtaking film about one of the most insane human feats ever. The film is all about a man by the name of Hugh Glass. A man that survives a bear attack. A man that then crawls and limps his way 200 miles after the man that slaughtered his son before his very eyes. Saying that this man is hardcore is an understatement. What he endears is a testament to how resilient the human spirit can be. So who better to play him than the legendary Leonardo DiCaprio. This could very well be the film that finally gets him that coveted golden statue at the Oscars this February. Aside from the insanity that is this story and Leos superb performance, this film has a lot to offer. Most noticeably is how the film itself looks. Shot in all natural light, 'The Revenant' is able to bring a sense of realism that few films have achieved. It's a beautiful film to behold that effortlessly sucks you into its world.Honestly, if I were to rate this film from a technical stand point it would most definitely receive a perfect rating. Everything done behind the camera is flawless. The standout being Inarritu himself. There are some scenes in this film with so many moving parts it's a wonder how he is able to control them all. We have fights between white men and Indians that flow so naturally that you can practically feel like you're there. Yet I found myself ultimately disappointing with this film. Perhaps this my fault. Coming straight off 'Birdman' I found the next film that Inarritu was making and kind of went crazy. I saw this films story line along with the director and all star cast and have been losing my mind waiting for it ever since. I held this film up like many people were doing with 'The Force Awakens'.That being said, as I watched I found some very obvious mistakes. The film never felt like it quite made it to a final draft. The problem with this film is that we don't learn one single thing about our main character. He is certainly the most determined human being of all time but what do we really learn about him? There seems to be nothing making him a man other than a convoluted back story with a side of vengeance. There is so few character traits that we can actually point to that make him human.This makes the lengthy two and a half hour run time drag at times. He tries to survive then runs from Indians over and over and over again. There is a point where this just isn't exciting any more. And it left me longing for some actual character moments from him. In fact the only characters we really get to know aren't in the film all that much. What's stranger is that, through the entire run time, a tribe of Indians is on his tail for absolutely no reason. Yeah they are looking for a stolen girl but why on earth are they following the company that they demolish at the beginning of the film? Obviously she isn't with them so why on earth didn't they investigate literally anyone else?The subplots in this film made so little sense that switching back to our relatively bland main character came as a breath of fresh air. The film never really felt like it was fully thought through. There was so many things that didn't add up that following the repetitive journey of DiCaprio became, at times, a strain. But somehow, it remains a good movie. It's gritty, hard to watch, but most of all an absolute spectacle and landmark in film making.

Greetings again from the darkness. "Keep breathing." A flashback in the opening sequence has Hugh Glass whispering the phrase as advice to his young son Hawk, the product of Glass and his beloved Pawnee bride. The phrase has a recurring role throughout the film  possibly serving as a courtesy reminder from director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu to the moviegoers mesmerized (and nearly traumatized) by the incredible brutality of what is on screen.It's a master class in filmmaking by those at the top of their game. Inarritu is the reigning Oscar winning director for Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), and he has re-teamed with the reigning Oscar winning cinematographer from that movie, Emmanuel Lubezki. Two of the finest actors of their generation, Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy, strip away any semblance of pampered movie stardom to deliver ultra-realistic performances in a story "based in part" on the true to life novel by Michael Punke.An early action sequence is startling in its ferocity as Arikara surround and attack a group of hunters and trappers, and the whoosh of arrows – many of which find their mark – abruptly drag us into a world that we are unfamiliar with and certainly unprepared for. It's early 19th century U.S. frontier, and just about everyone and everything can kill you. Providing just enough time for us to pry our fingers off the armrests, Inarritu stuns us with what is undoubtedly the most fantastic grizzly bear attack on a movie star ever filmed. In what appears to be a single take (which also happens to be the number of breaths I took), Mama Grizzly treats Leonardo the way a young puppy treats its first chew toy. Scratched, chewed, tossed and stomped. This scene is savage and brutal, and sets the stage for the true, yet still unbelievable odyssey of survival by frontiersman Hugh Glass.Tom Hardy excels as the calmly psychotic villain Fitzgerald, though some of his early hillbilly-tinged dialogue is difficult to catch. His hulking presence fits with our imagined look of the frontiersman of the era  tough and unforgiving nearly beyond belief. His bullying of youngster Jim Bridger (played by Will Poulter) and power struggles with Captain Henry (Domhnall Gleeson) are at frightening levels of intensity. Fans of Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds will smile as they recognize the name of mountain man Jim Bridger  though that's one of the few smiles offered by this 156 minute gut-wrenching ordeal. It would not be surprising if DiCaprio's mantel sports an Oscar in a few months. He is that superb in a role that has nothing to do with good looks or charm.A tale of survival. A quest for revenge. It's both of those, as well as a reminder that nature can be both beautiful and brutal. Some of the photography is almost poetic, and often reminds of the work of director Terrence Malick. And in the blink of an eye, that moment is shattered by the torrential force of river rapids carrying Glass over the waterfall, or his taking a horseback ride off a steep cliff (one of the most dramatic shots of the film). The journey of Glass is unknown in distance or time in the movie, but there is no question as to the numerous struggles with the elements and the raw physicality required to persevere. If you can avoid diverting your eyes, there are visuals here that will be sincerely appreciated – even as you squirm, cringe and moan throughout.From a technical standpoint, the film was shot on location in Canada and Argentina using only natural lighting, and emphasizing aspects of nature that often are overlooked. The sound of arrows, bears, and even DiCaprio's breathing are profound and crucial to the overall effect, as are the animal skin garments and other costumes. It's impossible to tell where CGI meets reality, but the visceral experience will be quite unique for most viewers  and not soon forgotten.

One problem I've had with Hollywood movies is that they constantly look the same . Primary colours to the fore while action scenes are overly edited and other intensified continuity technique to the point you're watching a MTV trailer rather than a action sequence . Add to this just about every film nowadays must feature Tom Hardy and you're in danger of exclaiming "If you've seen one film in the 21st Century you've seen them all" . On top of that THE REVENANT is directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu who made the overrated and painfully esoteric BIRDMAN from last year and this movie seemed like more typical Osccar bait material so I went in with low expectations and came out pleasantly surprised !!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!! Apologies for using the word "pleasantly" in the last paragraph because this isn't a pleasant film in anyway and this is in no way a criticism . If you're going to see THE REVENANT simply because it stars Leonardo PrettyBoy don't say you weren't warned because I'm warning you now . This is THE NAKED PREY for the 21st Century and whereas Cornell Wilde's film was slightly hamstrung as to what it could get away with in 1966 the studio system has moved on and not much is held back . If you think four legged mammals are cute and shouldn't be used as a food source then again avoid this film like he plague because it'll give you nightmares . That said it was the bipeds of this movie that gave me nightmaresMexican director Inarritu really does something special with this movie and makes a truly cinematic film . I've disliked his previous work but does something memorable here . The initial Indian attack is shocking probably because it doesn't contain the usual Hollywood hallmarks of close-ups and quick edits and is genuinely shocking . He also films a bear attack that had me falling out of my seat gasping "How'd he do that ? " because it looks like it was done in one take with a star actor , not a stuntman , being savaged by a real bear . Indeed I never got the sensation I was watching a bunch of actors appearing in a movie which is miraculous considering the big name prolific cast but real characters trying to survive the twin cruelties of the natural world and human nature . Also worthy of great praise is the cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki which gives the scenes a cold , stark look perfectly capturing the environment it's set in . The editing by Stephen Mirrione shouldn't be overlooked either and several scenes feature characters finding themselves underwater but it's done so seamlessly like the bear attack it's easy to forget how much hard graft went in to realising these scenes The film isn't without the occasional flaw . Inarritu overplays his hand sometimes and the art-house credentials are a bit overdone . Also because of the material of a solitary figure trapped in a hostile landscape the story does run out of steam a bit towards the end . There was also something else I noticed and that is Hugh Glass constantly has the ability to make fire . I'm guessing he has a piece of flint on him but surely the landscape is too cold and wet to find effective kindling material ? Whatever . But these are minor flaws . That said I do notice a lot of negative comments on this page and I wonder if the people making them are disappointed in what they got rather than what they thought they were getting ? As it stands I found THE REVENANT a brutal and compelling story of real life survival and have no shame in saying it's the most impressive film of the year so far . I expect it to sweep the board at this year's Oscars' and deservedly so

Let me start by saying that I cannot believe someone actually gave this wonderful film one star in his review. That tells me that the reviewer has some sort of grudge for doing this.This movie is what cinema is all about, gripping, captivating and extremely scary in many parts. I believe this work from the wonderful director reinvents the adventure/survival/revenge genre. My jaw was on the floor several times, especially with THAT bear scene. How it was filmed to be so realistic is a mystery to me. Just wait till you see it. In all my life I have never seen anything like this, so for someone to give it a one star review leaves me bewildered and wondering what goes on in some people's minds. This is a magnificent film and I have given it ten stars for the amazing experience I had watching it.

This film seems unlike any revenge film to come before this one. It is incredibly well-shot, it is brutal and intense, well-acted, and it takes place in the early days of America when Native Americans and Caucasians didn't get along so well. Tension between these two very broad groups is what drives the action in the film's opening sequence, and it is a motif throughout the film.Leonardo DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass, a man who raised a young Native American named Hawk on his own after the boy's parents either abandoned him or died in a battle. Glass fights a bear and miraculously survives to be buried alive by Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) who wants to cash in on this "service" since he has somewhat of a feud with Glass and does not want to see him live. It is unclear whether Glass is okay with this since he technically "makes a deal" with Fitzgerald, but Glass gains the will to fight for survival once he realizes Hawk was killed by Fitzgerald.A huge chunk of the film is devoted to following Glass' journey to return to his community, and this proves to be visually beautiful, but also causes the film to feel slow at points. There are incredible shots of Glass in relation to the land around him, which proves to show scenery and landscapes in a poetic manner. One impressive shot is a tracking shot which moves from an extreme wide shot which focuses on the mountains with Glass as tiny as an ant in the distance and eventually moves to a close-up on the same character. There are many long takes in the film that are executed brilliantly, some during action sequences and some when Glass is simply walking on his journey. However, as the story follows Glass on his journey, some of the scenic shots go on too long and seem monotonous since we understand that Glass has to go a long way, but the film keeps reminding us this with more and more scenic shots that don't move the story along.DiCaprio is at his best here, and will probably receive his fifth Oscar nomination for acting. Whether or not he will actually win the award as fans often complain about, his performance in The Revenant will live on in history. Glass' desperation comes across very convincingly even though DiCaprio does not even need to speak throughout a lot of the movie. That's the real acting - when actors can express emotions and motivation clearly through body language rather than how they handle dialogue.Every action sequence in this movie is incredible. Most are done in just a few long takes which means these sequences needed to be really well-choreographed in order to get the shots right. And these sequences were on location rather than in a studio, so one has to respect the direction and the cinematography that was done with amazing effort outside in cold environments.If there is one thing to take away from The Revenant it is the visuals. It's funny that not many movies are done this way today even though filmmakers know that film is a very visual medium. Innaritu understands this very well as we can see in Birdman as well as in this movie, and hopefully he inspires the next generation of filmmakers to follow in his footsteps.3.5/4.0

The Revenant weaves history, nature and war into a beautifully shot film. This slow burning tale of revenge does not rely upon dozens of dialogue heavy scenes, but it instead focuses on the quintessence of its subject. I am glad that Iñárritu strays away from a history lesson, as it allowed a tender era to unfold in a brutal light without insulting the audience with tiresome exposition. The Oscar dodging Leonardo DiCaprio delivers a powerful performance. From start to finish, he puts everything into the character of Hugh Glass, a man of the American frontier who seeks retribution for the death of his half-native son. Tom Hardy is Fitzgerald, an unusual aggressor in that he never truly inflicts harm for pleasure, but his actions are rather a circumstance of nature, war and innate survival. This again isn't entirely what we hear, but it is what we see – many glances, expressions and explosions of anguish tell us of burgeoning conflict without a word.I feel The Revenant achieves greatness in these scenes. The bear mauling, Glass' speechless days injured and his subsequent hunt are beyond enchanting. The supporting cast do what they need to and they do it well, but their scenes are often stolen by Leo and Hardy's masterful performances. The past is alluded to in spiritual scenes, and although gorgeously meaningful, some only exist to retell recent toils in a confusing fashion. Nonetheless, Iñárritu has directed yet another masterpiece, soaked in blood and snow, and it would not surprise me if Leo and he return from The Oscars with a golden man in hand. They certainly deserve it.

So, where to start? The beauty of the shots: basically every scene was stunningly beautiful. The nature had such a raw and rough and wild atmosphere. In contrast to the wide shots of nature there where a lot of close-ups to the characters. You felt like you were standing right in front of them. In the action sequences you were so close to everything that happened: you see the perspective of one character and only his. You don't get an overview what's happening. You're close to some very graphic scenes (contrast: beautiful shot composition - brutal scenes the shots show). A lot of long takes (hello birdman) were used and it helps to stay in one scene (I hate scenes with 15 cuts in 10 seconds). Inarritu also lets the camera stay with the actors. You see their faces when they learn new things, how they react to it.I loved the spare use of music. There was some much tension in a lot of scenes, adding music would have ruined it. But when the (great) music was used it underlined the moments perfectly.The actors were great, Hardy's performance especially. Also it seems like you just have to add Gleeson to your movie and it will become great.So all in all a great film. It sometimes feels long, but never boring. I expect it to only grow with more viewings.

"Nature red in tooth and claw" TennysonThe 19th century's romanticism and growing naturalism inspired Tennyson to describe in these lines the dark side as Darwin would change forever our benign view of man and nature. Director/writer Alejandro Gonzalez Innarritu and writer Mark L. Smith adapt Michael Punke's novel in a naturalistic way that makes the 156 minutes seem as long as it must have taken noted explorer Hugh Glass (Leo DiCaprio) in the 1820's to recover from being buried alive in the wilderness he helped open.After being mauled by a bear and left for dead by his comrade in trapping, John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy), who also murders Glass's son in front of him, Glass drags himself 200 miles! back to civilization to exact revenge. Although it is a survival/revenge story, with the usual formulaic occurrences, DiCaprio and Hardy succeed in making it real, tortured, and visceral in the extreme. I can try to guess how much discomfort DiCaprio went through for this Oscar-worthy performance, which lacks only the variety and nuance of speech that characterizes frequent Oscar winners. What the role demands and delivers is the almost insane will to survive and revenge.A heavy dose of naturalism (not just realism but realism with bedrock of rawness and violence) is best exemplified in the mother bear protecting her cubs by savaging Glass, a tour de force scene. The Pawnee Indians also illustrate the harsh world with one chief briefly cataloguing what the white man has taken from the tribes.Needless to say, the cinematography by Tree of Life's Emmanuel Lubezki is stunning in sharp grey to reflect the winter conditions that contrast with the snow. Rarely does the sun shine, and in figurative terms it shouldn't because this is a grim world where animal pelts are a man's riches, and a life can be lost for a simple miscalculation or an indifference bred of Nature's seeming carelessness for human life.Glass accepts, as all must, Nature's final demand: "I ain't afraid to die anymore. I'd done it already."

This is a typical revenge movie. But the director was taking out revenge against the audience. Tom Hardy and Leonardo DiCaprio gave good performances, though not Oscar worthy. Other actors played their parts, got paid and went home. This 2 1/2 hour movie contained 1 1/2 hours of material and 1 hour of nature scenery that added nothing to the story. His would have seen a fairly decent film if these extraneous scenes were cut. The music droned on and made me want to go to sleep. That being said, many people leaving the theater seemed to like the movie. Though one couple walked out at the 1 1/2 hour point not to return. I would not recommend seeing this movie unless you've seen everything else and are bored.

Alexandre Iñárritu did it again! Birdman was an extraordinary film and Iñárritu followed it up with The Revenant which is a fantastic film! It has breathtaking cinematography from Emmanuel Lubezki which is even more impressive when you look at the challenge that Iñárritu decided to tackle: filming it entirely in all natural light. This just added to the realistic nature to the film and made it visually breathtaking.This film is partly based on true events in the 1820s and stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a frontiersman named 'Hugh Glass', who is brutally mauled by a bear leaving him seriously injured and out to get revenge on Tom Hardy's character 'John Fitzgerald' for something that took place just after his encounter with the bear.Leonardo DiCaprio gave an outstanding performance showing his struggles, turmoil, and general survival. His performance was very visual involving very little spoken words and when it was, it was mostly another language than English. This has to be one of the best visual performances I have ever seen from an actor in film, it was incredible seeing this character go through what he went through!Tom Hardy also gave a brilliant performance as this cowardice, backstabbing, liar who does a great job at making you show disdain for the character. Glass and Fitzgerald have a defining scene at one point in the film showing them fighting against each other with quite a lot of brutality to the fight that left me on the edge of my seat with its intense and unsparing nature. I feel that this along with the bear scene are some of the best from 2015.Now speaking of the bear scene, it will go down as one of the best scenes in cinema history. It was incredible how realistic and intense it turned out to be! The CGI on the bear is the best I think I've seen for an animal: making for an extremely believable bear that I was finding hard to believe wasn't real! DiCaprio's performance is also one to be acknowledged for this scene with the pain and desperation of his actions as he struggles to survive. Extraordinary!However, I did have one issue worth noting and that was a choice of words towards the climax of the film, I don't want to give anything away but I feel that was an underwhelming remark within the situation. But overall this film is fantastic and I would definitely recommend watching it!

The blueprint here is simple. A world that lies in wait and summons unexpected violence that wrecks lives - it can be an Indian ambush, a bear, or a greedy little man who will do anything for quick profit. A world of immense beauty, inscrutable in workings, that we try to subdue to our satisfaction.DiCaprio as our ability to coexist and adapt to the land, the Fitzgerald character as that nature in man that only wants to please itself and to grab. It's not just a meaningless violence that visits them. We're made to note Indians out in search for a daughter that was stolen, a bear that was only protecting its young. Meaning, there's agency behind the random cruelty.Other filmmakers, Malick for one, would be content to evoke different ways of framing the question posed by this world so that we would end up hopefully with a whole cloud of floating realities. (Malick no doubt knows that agency as what the Chinese call the Tao). Inarritu is plot- and action-driven and reflects in the gaps instead.I mean this is a film where two hours in we still have shenanigans like DiCaprio crashing down from a cliff. It has a clear causality. One event precipitates the next. So when the Indians spare a pointless death in the end, it registers as plot contrivance instead of spiritual realization that severs the cycle of suffering. We ask, why would they spare him? Which is the wrong question.This is just not a very astute work and it comes down to perhaps one thing; how the camera breathes life into the world. It is Malick inspired, most obvious in the dream scenes. But it rests on a poor understanding of him. Malick - like Tarkovsky before - frees eye from world, the eye that recalls and reflects from the world of events with its clear causality, so that the eye can float in and out of lives, entering events, memories, urges, anticipations in a seamless flow that encompasses a bigger whole. Inarritu has no notion of this yet. Birdman showed that he might be coming around but no dice. This one frames events as action or dream; its idea of visual poetry is to embed characters in beautiful vistas and have that surround from the outside. It enters this one guy and we have revenge and regret. Oh there are a few continuous shots, an impressive one early; but it's just elaborately choreographed action. The shot ends with the Indian chief whispering a plot point to the camera about his stolen daughter.No harm in seeing this one. But it would be even better if it propels you to study Malick beneath the soliloquy as a master of the floating eye. Further back it was Jancso and Tarkovsky. It's on discoveries of people like these - people who'd be deemed too abstract and would have gone jobless in Hollywood - that this one rests. You'll know this if you track down a previous retelling of the same story in the Richard Harris film. The most notable difference between the two is that one uses the naturalistic camera of the western, this a more abstract one. But as commonplace in its use as the other was then.

The Revenant may be marketed as a revenge-thriller, but it's really about Hugh Glass (Leo) vs nature. Nearly the entire movie is about Glass battling Mother Earth and struggling to survive the night. And I gotta say it was both breathtaking and stressful. Day after day seeing him struggle with simple tasks and knowing the insane journey he has in front of him is taxing. The amount of punishment the man goes through is enough to make Bear Grylls compassionate.Some people might try to water this one down and say it is nothing more than a revenge flick. That may be true to some extent, but it is more to the movie than just that. It's a man vs nature and his struggle to survive for one last cause (that cause obviously being revenge). There is also a message about white men vs Indians that can't be ignored. It's something we have seen before, yes, but it doesn't make it any less sorrowful or profound.The middle of the film does get a tad repetitive as we watch Leo struggle for shelter and fight the cold again and again. This would be a major drawback if the movie didn't look this beautiful (fingers crossed for a Best Cinematography Oscar). The location mixed with the camera work seems to make the cold jump off screen. The movie might not have hundreds of characters, large-scale battles, or fantasy-like elements, but this truly is an epic.I can see how a lot of people might be turned off by the movie (a huge chunk of the movie his Glass literally wandering the wilderness day and night), I still stand by my statement that it's one of the year's best and deserves to be seen on the big screen!

I cannot fathom how this awful movie won awards! Leonardo DiCaprio did his worst acting ever; the directing was horrid; and the scenery was dark and undefined throughout. Many parts were slow and drawn out to show ugly gray or white scenery or for reasons I could not ascertain. Tom Hardy said that God was a squirrel. The camera remained on him for about 30 seconds, as if he'd said something profound. A very obvious mistake the director made throughout was overlooking Leonardo's well manicured nails. He is in the wild for days/weeks. His beard grows, hair grows, lips get all nasty looking, yet those nails remain perfectly manicured. Okay, now imagine you are freezing and left to die in a grave with a little dirt thrown on you. What would you do first? Yes! You would try to find your son, but then you would build a fire! Instead, they show Leonardo throwing on his furs and marching off into the woods. All Leonardo did in the movie was grunt,groan, and make the same faces over and over. He had very few lines to say. However, when he should have absolutely screamed his lungs out, he made not even a grimace. That was when he was getting into the freezing water to keep from being seen by the Indians. With open cuts and freezing water, he should have had a huge facial and physical reaction, even if he didn't want them to hear him scream in pain. From there, this director has him seen floating along in the icy river longer than a human can survive without drowning from hypothermia. When Leonardo finally gets out of the water, he is not even shivering. My husband caught a part where Leonardo shot twice without reloading. I mean, was this director smoking crack the whole time this was being filmed?! And he and Leonardo got awards! It floors me. This movie didn't even make enough money to cover its budget! All this money and time spent on a movie and it is pitiful. A great movie about a sniper can't get an award, but they award this trash?! The actor Tom Hardy is the one who did the best acting. HE should have gotten the best actor award! Some of the other actors were good also. I will never go to another movie directed by this incompetent director. Elitests in Hollywood gave him an award, the film an award, and Leonardo an award. I'm the movie goer. Therefore, my decision is what counts. Only Tom Hardy would have received an award from me. If I could, I would take all 3 awards and give them to the sniper movie by Clint Eastwood, which was shamelessly blackballed by those same Hollywood elitists.

You'd think this was a filming of "The Emperor's New Clothes" the way so many IMDb viewers have rushed to jump on the bandwagon and tell what a great cinematic masterpiece this crock of bullpucky is.In reality it ranks right up there with "Remains of the Day" as an excruciating, agonizing experience. In "Remains" we got to watch two people making lovesick cow eyes at each other across the room for an hour and a half, both lacking the courage do to anything about their feelings. Here we get TWO AND A HALF hours of courage which seems pointless and provides little interest.Some have commented on the great cinematography. This might as well have been filmed in black and white. The camera work was pedestrian with the exception of the irritating camera angles which appeared intermittently to provide some break from the tedium on the screen.Whatever happened to fur trappers and mountain men wearing buckskins? The actors in this film look like a bunch of rag pickers from the great depression.I was determined to watch this through to the end, but was only able to do so by watching it in thirty minute increments, continually pressing a remote button to see how much of my thirty minute sentence was left.If you're a sheep-like person who enjoys raving about what everyone else is raving about, this is the film for you. It's NOT for me.

It is well played.. Leonardo Dicaprio does an awesome job as always! This movie is very well directed. However, the plot is too boring. There are so many interesting, wonderful stories about Native Americans. Why such a boring story? It was too long. I wish the scenario was more interesting. For this kind of story I expected more adventure since it is not a pure art film. The scenario was so predictable and monotone.. There was nothing surprising in the movie.. If Leonardo was not in the movie, I would never be able to watch the complete movie..Maybe my expectation was so high..

Alejandro González Iñárritu is on an absolute roll. For what is essentially the second year in a row, Iñárritu has put out arguably the most ambitious and well-crafted film of the entire year. The Revenant is art come to life in the form of a genre-bending survival/revenge epic.First things first, I believe Leonardo DiCaprio has given the best performance I have seen out of him. While there isn't the humor or charm in his character that there was in The Wolf of Wall Street's Jordan Belfort, DiCaprio manages to make a turn against type as introverted bilingual woodsman Hugh Glass. While Leo has been known to turn on the charisma with his previous characters, he gives a more reserved performance in The Revenant and primarily uses physicality and body language to inform the audience of his Hugh Glass' state of being. It plays very well against the confrontational and loudmouthed antagonist that is Tom Hardy's John Fitzgerald.Speaking of which, Tom Hardy is magnificent here as well. There's been a lot of talk about Hardy upstaging Leo in his own film, though I wouldn't go as far as that. Hardy gives a magnificent performance as Fitzgerald, but is given much more dialogue and traditional characterization than Leo's Glass. Other supporting actors such as Will Poulter and Domhnall Gleeson turn in terrific performances particularly in the second half of the film.One of my favorite things about The Revenant is how it is shot. Cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki captures an impressive amount of beauty and detail utilizing only natural lighting throughout the course of the entire film. One of the best examples of this is the tracking shot of the opening assault on the camp (in particular where it begins to follow characters in combat). The Revenant might not be one of the best-shot films of the year, but one of the best-shot films in the last decade or so. Set to the backdrop of a haunting primal score by the impressive trio of Japanese musician Ryuichi Sakamoto, The National's Bryce Dessner, and German electronic musician Alva Noto, The Revenant is transformed into a feast for the eyes and ears.The narrative of The Revenant is fairly straightforward, though it is delivered in the most interesting, raw, and violent ways possible. Much like a favorite film of mine from 2013, Lone Survivor, every bit of violence is felt because of how it is presented. Every gasp, cringe, and wince from the audience is well earned because it isn't too over-the-top and it isn't over-saturated like many action blockbusters tend to be.I can't really think of too many negatives against The Revenant, however I can say that this is not a film for everybody. It's a brutal film that goes at a pretty slow pace, so those who were planning on watching this because they thought it was Leo vs. Bear like the trailers suggested, will probably be turned off. The Revenant is a film that also utilizes silent techniques and forces the viewer to look beyond what is being said. This works for some times and not for others. Personally, I feel as though the surrealist dream sequences are a bit unnecessary and break up the flow of what is essentially a fairly realistic take on a survival/revenge story. Though, seeing how much this film is able to do right, it is a rather small complaint that I have there. Overall, The Revenant is a film that deserves your attention. If you are not opposed to a more slow-paced style of storytelling and enjoy survival movies, The Revenant will be able to deliver in spades and then some.

In the Eighteenth Century, in Louisiana, a group of fur hunters under the command of Captain Andrew Henry (Domhnall Gleeson) is attacked by Arikara Indians and the few survivors escape by boat through the Mississippi. The experienced hunter Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio), who knows the area since he was married with an Indian and lived with her in her tribe, feels that the Arikara are following the boat and tells that it is better off hiding the fur and walk along one week to their fort through the mountains. However Glass stumbles with a grizzly bear and is severely wounded before killing it. He is carried in a stretcher and the hunter John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) suggests killing him since he is near-death, but Henry offers an amount to the man that stays with him. Glass's Indian son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck) and the teenager Bridger (Will Poulter) offer to stay and Fitzgerald, attracted by the award, also volunteers to stay. However he tries to kill Glass and stabs to death Hawk. When Bridger that was fishing returns, Fitzgerald lures him telling that twenty Arikara are coming and he does not know where Hawk is, forcing Bridger to leave Glass behind. Now Glass begins his dangerous journey of returning alone to the fort seeking revenge against Fitzgerald. "The Revenant" is an original, fascinating, brutal and realistic film with another great performance of Leonardo DiCaprio. Supported by wonderful landscapes and the music score of Ruiji Sakamoto, the viewer does not feel the 156 minutes running time in a perfect pace balancing drama and adventure. The scene of the struggle between Glass and the grizzly bear is impressively real and mesmerizing. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "O Regresso" ("The Return")

What kind of movie is this? Under all the grim yet starkly beautiful exterior scenery, there is a conventional story. Although the story is set in the western US of the 1830s, which at the time was wilderness, the movie plays more like an action comic. The main character is indestructible and his nemesis, named Fitzgerald, played by Tom Hardy, comparably sinister (although far less intelligent). Nothing kills the main character, whose name is Glass, played by Leonardo De Caprio. He's shot, mauled, stabbed, starved, frozen, beaten, buried alive, caroms over waterfalls, and lives. And if that isn't enough, he is also cajoled, belittled, humiliated, and mocked without lapsing into despair. This is stretching literary license to the limit. It also takes away whatever suspense there may be as to how the story will end. If an enraged grizzly bear and aggressive Native Americans can't kill him, you know that the bad guy doesn't have a chance. It's just a matter of time. So, the ending of the movie is a foregone conclusion. De Caprio is good as Glass, the man with a mission. He is a metaphor for suffering and self-righteous anger. (Why he is angry will not be revealed here. For that, watch the movie.) This movie shows to what lengths a person will go to survive, at least according to Hollywood. The problem is: we know Glass is going to survive. Regarding Tom Hardy's performance as Fitzgerald, it's part John Wayne doing Rooster Cogburn, part Jeff Bridges doing Roy Pulsipher from R.I.P.D., with a dose of Foghorn Leghorn filling in the rest, except nastier and dumber (even dumber than Mr. Leghorn). There's no way that a dullard like Fitzgerald is going to fool anyone as to his nefarious purposes. He would have done better if he had just worn a sign saying "I am a bad guy." Now, the movie does offer some useful tips on how to survive in the wild. 1. According to the movie, if you happen to be stuck in the middle of nowhere with a dead horse, that horse could still save your life. To find out how, watch the movie. (hint: you must be familiar with a horse's internal anatomy) 2. Never shoot an enraged grizzly bear, stab it instead. (Apparently, for some reason, the movie maker believes that a bullet is less effective than a knife as a weapon.) 3. Never deny a Native American's request for a horse. It could lead to serious problems. (But problems can be avoided if you are willing to trade for a woman.) These are just a few of the many things this movie teaches on how to survive in the wild. Thus, the movie provides a useful public service.

Okay, I liked Birdman, a simple story told complexly and imaginatively. But something was off here, no matter how well shot or how well acted, again, (Tom Hardy is world class). I get the idea of the biblical Revenant, a ghost, the unkillable, the undead, but it almost got funny, like a cartoon character who is constantly beaten up, stabbed, shot, mauled by a bear, and still doesn't die, or maybe dies but comes back as an avenging spirit, maybe doesn't know he's dead or? It was just too much and suffers in comparison with movies such as Jerimiah Johnson, Aguirre - the wrath of God, McCabe and Mrs. Miller. And the whole revenge thing is confused, the son getting killed after his wife is killed and he is mauled by a bear after they all escaped from a major attack!?!? And it was way too long, like Oscar contender long, no matter how beautiful the cinematography. And boy, his healing powers....or did he even need them if he wasn't alive, spooky/sloppy.

Despite the fact, that the ambiance and the amazing landscapes are once more breathtaking, I couldn't get the same feeling of warmth, as DiCaprio showed. Whether it was the stony and innutritive background of humping and drinking bearded men which don't bear any humanity for the sake of money, or the ever for blood pacing Indians. For me, there has been too much space in between these plot lines, "The Revenant" didn't came close to share any ideas or personality from any of its actors, perhaps just DiCaprio. Don't expect something like "Dances with Wolves" where this has been done brilliantly. It's a mere survival story, with bland interruptions of monotonous doing but reasonable actors, and breath taking nature shots. Well, for those who argue this could be the next Oscar, indeed, it is the next step in career for DiCaprio, who managed to perform through this whole movie without his money making lady-killer smile. OK, lets get a hot cup of chocolate with magic marshmallows, and review the scenery once more. maybe I will find some chunk of gold I did miss before. 6/10

Was this a good film? Yes Was it because of the cast? Well I would like to say no, but yes!Would it have been great with different actors? Good question, I think it would have been good, but great no. Why not? Well cause for the main reason that mister Dicaprio has put out a brilliant performance yet again. As to Tom Hardy], well if I hate a person in a film it's usually because he is brilliant. And yes he is, although I would like him to loose the mad max, and batman villain voice every once in a while. Cause the whole time you're thinking when is Bruce Wayne going to show up to save the day.Hats off for this film and it's actors. As to Domhnall Gleeson, I didn't realize he could do anything different than 'About Time' type of acting, which is a marvelous film too.But as the film title reveals, the story line, it takes me and maybe many more some time to find out if perhaps they made a misspelling somewhere in the title. But no they didn't is that a spoiler? I don't think so but I'll put up an alert just to be sure.

Alejandro Inarritu has made gripping movies set in such places as Mexico, Tokyo, Morocco, Barcelona and Manhattan and now he conquers the Canadian Rockies and Tierra del Fuego (standing in for the U.S. Rockies) in winter with this tale of brute survival, loyalty to loved ones and humane principles and the limitations of revenge. Leonardo DiCaprio gives another of his super-charged performances as a white fur trapper who, in the company of his half-breed son and other trappers hunts for a fur trading company in the years immediately following the Lewis and Clark Expeditions that jump started U.S. expansion west of the Mississippi. En route he runs afoul of an emotionally damaged and brutal fellow trapper (Tom Hardy) and encounters a sympathetic Indian who is looking for the killers of his family.There are similarities in look, theme and situation to earlier Westerns ("The Treasure of the Sierra Madre," "The Searchers," "McCabe and Mrs. Miller," "Jeremiah Johnson," "Dead Man") and even an Eastern ("Dersu Uzala") and a Mid-Eastern ("The Passion of the Christ"). The mostly male cast is appropriately grizzled, bearded, unkempt and squalid, with Hardy notably vanishing into grungy dishevelment with a dead-on Texas accent to boot.Gore is everywhere from the earliest scenes, as is fantasy. It is impossible to believe that DiCaprio or any human being, no matter how fit, could survive the bear attack that sets the tone for the grueling survival narrative that follows. Further tests and trials are no more convincing, but DiCaprio gives it all his actorly oomph to make it seem believable. His struggle takes on a mythological quality after a while; you don't believe the literalness of it but you are carried by the spirit of it. Over the course of more than two hours he is repeatedly mangled, frozen, crushed, starved, drenched, sliced and punctured. He probably even dies for a while before emerging reborn from the bloody slit of a horse carcass he has gutted and into which he has crawled naked to keep from freezing after the animal and he fall off a cliff into a snow bank.The sparsely swelling chords of Ryuichi Sakamoto's musical score complement the intensity and obsession of the journey.

The cinema has given us lessons on how to make boring movies, like Titanic, Gravity and now Revenant, But Iñarritu seems to dominate how kill a story in an ocean of boredom.The photography is not bad, but wasn't the best,a photography without interesting perspectives, without interesting lighting, they didn't play with shadows, nothing interesting is a picture that you see in any documentary about nature with low budget, several documentaries achieve better images and they are not nominated to Oscars.It remains in doubt the veracity that the academy has, to reward movies that don't deserve be projected, as it was this. The plot is predictable, repetitive and did not bring anything new to the industry, the performance is regrettable,If you have sleep problems this could be the cure, you will fall sleep several times.was more landscaper film than a survival story.Don't waste your life time, life is to short to waste your time on earth watching this film.

I am extremely surprised with the tepid reactions by so many on this sub. I absolutely loved this film, and I was expecting to react as many here have instead. Maybe this is because I love Lubezki and Malick and find this to almost be a Bizarro-Malickean film (I might make a post to expand on that later).A lot can be said about the stunning cinematography, great performances, and moving score, but while those elements helped immerse me in the film and made it an entertaining two and a half hours (that felt more like just two to me), the film's themes are what really struck me. I've only been home for thirty minutes since seeing it this afternoon so bear with me.There are the obvious themes about survival and revenge, but I also think the film explores other ideas through these main themes -- namely cooperation, selflessness, tribalism, destructive selfishness/greed in man (and its relation to tribalism/racism/etc), and others that I need to put a finger on still.I think there's a reason that there are there are different nationalities and tribes present in the story (US, French, Pawnee, Arikara, Sioux in dialogue). I think there's a reason that neither are truly friendly to the other, with the Sioux killing Pawnees and the Americans not showing much compassion to the French (and vice versa and intermixed and so on). I think it was similarly purposeful that Glass has a half-Pawnee son, that he is assisted by the lone Pawnee man, that his rescuing of Powaqa ensures he does not suffer the same fate as Fitzgerald, and that the young boy (Bridge?) also survives to the end of the film. Imagery that I think also highlights these themes include the scene where the lone buffalo is abandoned by the group (similar to Glass) to be killed by a pack of wolves, Bridge feeding the lone surviving Native American woman, the scenes with Glass and the Pawnee man, and even the bear and her cubs relate to survival and a group dynamic.This isn't the most articulate presentation to my impressions of the film, but these are the ideas that are swirling around in my head thirty minutes after seeing it.

Some explanations to why "The Revenant" didn't win the Best Motion Picture Oscar were that it is just a revenge film. I hardly disagree. While the story basis is a survival and redemption story, they way the story's told makes it much more. Also there are some other themes than revenge dealt with in this film, such as native Americans, and the exploitation of their lands.We're constantly introduced to stunning visuals of nature, wonderful single-take scenes, alternated with some singular dream sequences. I remember that, when they adverstised the film, they constantly paragonated this to Tarkovskij films. After seeing the film, I can say that the influence can be spotted well. The gore level is quite high, gratuitous and realistic. I feel like it's more gory every time I see it. I don't really like explicit violence depicted in films, but that's just necessary in this particular movie because of the story. Speaking of casting, I feel it was perfectly done, and no one seemed in the wrong place. I'm not sure we can call this Leo's best portrayal, but he definitely acted well, together with his antagonist, Tom Hardy. The music wasn't a stroke of genius, but fitted in the film well, and added emotional layers to it.Lastly, The Revenant is a great film, and soon made it to my personal top 10. But this is a film for those movie-watchers that look at movies as a form of art, not just some mean of entertainment. It's quite slow, definitely not action packed, but also very intense.

I saw this same movie when I was a kid early 70's I think it was dark boring and I fell asleep I remember it had a boat that some idiots were dragging around the wilderness.....This one is worse. At 2-1/2 hours long and you could have cut at least an hour out of it and not miss a thing. Some scenes went on and on. One of the worst directed films I have ever seen.The acting was fair Leo DiCaprio did a lot of grunting and talking in pawnee but certainly nothing Oscar worthy. He has done far better acting in past productions.The over all tone of the film was dark drab and dreary, but well filmed visually, so I will give a nod to the D.P.The whole film took place in the winter with snow on the ground and some streams were frozen. When Leo fell into the river and outran hostile Indians by floating down stream, it all fell apart.He had to have been in the a 34-40 degree river for 20-30 minutes and then crawled onto the bank and with night coming and he survived....The night...in wet cloths.....NOT POSSIBLE !!! He would have been dead in about 15 min. of hypothermia. Even if he was wearing wool clothes a wool blanked and a grizzly bear hide he would have froze.It got worse from there Hugh Glass's story is well known and documented. he did hunt down both men that left him there but forgave both men he did not kill them Over all the whole movie was poorly done......

The Revenant attempts grandness but ultimately lacks something.Maybe it is the lack of character establishment - we join the saga already in progress and are given little reason to care about mountain man guide Glass. Sure, the flashbacks show he had a hard loss and dearly loves his son but who doesn't?Maybe it was the lack of visual variety - how many long shots looking up at the vast sky through towering trees are enough? Terrence Malik he is not.Maybe it was the lack of real geographical place. High granite mountain ranges and vast open plains with roaring rivers. One group goes over a high mountain pass to get to the fort, Glass goes down and around to get to the same place.In the end, I just wasn't that moved. Although the snow avalanche was nice.Also, the dialog was not in vernacular of the times. It detracted from the overall effect to have characters saying things like "Jesus Christ" and other contemporary expressions.just sayin'...

The movie is at best 'good', actually its an average story, very linear.The cinematography was commendable, mostly no background music gives it a special feel, bear scene is the creme of the movie and not Leo's acting. Leo was good, but nothing special like Wolf, Shutter, Beach, Django. The Oscar was, in my opinion, obligatory.Getting back to the movie, after watching Bridge of Spies, Spotlight, The Big Short, I was counting on this one to be equally good, after all it was nominated at the same scale. To my disappointment it was quite boring and unimpressive.Maybe if you watch with low expectations, you'll like it.

It's a stupid movie Leonardo is a combination of the hulk, superman and others A real human being died at least 5x in this film Bitten by a bear, extremely wounded, he stands up and walks (without GPS) to his village, haunted by several clans of Indian's (stupid Indian's, so much people and they can't catch 1 man even when he steals their horses) With the skin of a grizzly bear on his body he swims in an ice river Imagine : the weight of this skin on his body and he swims a long distance ! Imagine he swims an hour (maybe longer) in an ice river! And then he stands up, totally wet and walks through the forest in ice and snow A really stupid movie, but nice made a movie for people who loves the simple Hollywood vision

I had really high expectations for this movie. I like Leo's movies and he's a great actor, but somehow this movie just wasn't that good. No idea why, but I couldn't help but feel like the crew wasn't 100 % present while making this. Really impressive scenery and a few nice, well executed scenes (the bear-scene was amazing!... That's about it. I need to say that Tom Hardy was a big disappointment this time - he kept mixing up his accents and was also a bit hard to hear properly, but that's probably intentional. In a movie that is this big, the accent-thing surprises and makes the whole thing seem unnecessary amateurish. This movie really had the chance of being a true gem, but feels nothing else than a rip-off. I would like to get my money and wasted time back now, please.

3 for the cinematography. 1 for the film itself. A big boring yawn of seen it all before. Basically 2 hours of dicaprio stumbling about in the snow and sucking his dirty fingers.Tom Hardy, save from turning into Yosamite Sam toward the end with his over the top western frontiersman drawl, is great as the baddie. But the trailer shows all the best bits of the film. The bear attack is brutal. The dead horse (nick the idea from Star Wars) is interesting. But essentially its all the stuff that happens in-between that is the killer. Boring. Pretty but boring. By the end you just do not care if the the main character actually ploughs through his ordeal and gets his much justified revenge or not. You just want the film to end.

So I decided to finally watch it.I sat there for about 3 hrs while Leo was crawling in the snow waiting for something to happen.The whole super tense crawling led to the big end scene fight with the bad guy.And believe it or not the last scene lasted 1 min.Overall great scenery and I guess OK acting.If it wasn't Leo crawling there I would have probably not finished it.So bonus points to him he crawls great.Dialogue was 10 lines and really there were more horses bears and snow than humans but the animals also did a good job.It feels like movie was about willpower more than all but it could have been way shorter and maybe deeper understanding of the bond between father and son.Feels like it starts from nowhere and ends up right there as well.A similar movie I can think of was "The Grey" and it was way better

So this is the big film that Leonardo DiCaprio is supposed to finally win an Oscar for, well, time will tell I guess but I don't think it's on of the best films I've seen him in and I'll happily not watch this again if I can help it. Not by any stretch of the imagination an awful film but it's loooooong, and not much happens for the bulk of the film. It's absolutely one of those films I had to watch but will happily never watch again. DiCaprio is part of band of fur trappers, he has an Indian son (sorry, native American son). Much like "Saving Private Ryan" the opening of the film is rammed full of action. The fur trappers come under attack by a native American tribe (Indians). A lot of the fur trappers are killed, some escape - obviously the big names in the cast are the lucky ones; DiCaprio, Hardy, Poulter, Gleeson etc. After escaping the trappers need to head back to their base, unfortunately DiCaprio gets mauled by a grizzly bear and practically killed. It looks like DiCaprio is going to die (a vision we are treated to a lot in this film) so Hardy, Poulter and DiCaprio's son stay to stand watch with the plan to bury him when he passes away and then join the others heading back. Hardy decides to try and speed things up, he tries killing DiCaprio but the Indian son catches him at it and tries to stop which results in him actually being offed by Hardy instead (witnessed by a near dead DiCaprio). Hardy tells Poulter a few lies and convinces him to leave the body so they trundle off. At this point feel free to go make yourself a strong coffee or two, you'll need them and you won't miss much (unless you like trees). Alone and near death DiCaprio drags himself through the frozen wild frontier, he gets chased, shot at, followed, even falls off a cliff and sleeps in his horse (much like Luke Skywalker sleeping in a TaunTaun) on his adventure back home to seek revenge against Hardy for killing his son. There are a lot of flashbacks to try and make the audience feel something for DiCaprio but like the others in the film character development is missing and the flashbacks that there are don't serve to give the characters much depth. Equally there are a lot of long shots of nature and in particularly trees... lots of shots of trees: trees standing still, trees swaying, trees that are big, trees that are small, trees in the dark, trees in the light, trees with snow, some trees with leaves, trees, trees, trees. After each near death experience DiCaprio manages to find strength to continue like a rubbish superhero that just can't die. To cut a long story short he gets back to home base only to find that Hardy has cracked a near impossible safe, stolen a shed load of money from the captain of the trappers base and left to be rich south of the border somewhere warm. Rather than a whole troop of trappers hunting down Hardy to get their money back DiCaprio and Gleeson decide to go alone. They find Hardy, Gleeson dies and DiCaprio engages in a fight to the death with Hardy. The end, thank God for the credits. The acting in the film is authentic enough although it does sound like Hardy has a mouthful of chewing tobacco inhibiting his speech, for the most part of the film he has the most lines while DiCaprio probably got paid per moan and groan. The pace of the film isn't great, maybe it's a conscious decision to be symbolic of the wide open spaces, but, maybe it's not and I'm just hoping there was a clever decision behind the long/wide shots of trees and more trees. Noticeably the film is dark, I don't mean dark like a good horror/slasher film, I mean dark like dirty and dimly lit. You could probably cut this film up and make a great action packed hour long feature but instead you'll have to sit through the best part of 3 hours of not much happening. It's a case of style over substance for a lot, and the style that stands out if the cinematography, maybe the cameraman should be the Oscar nominee rather than DiCaprio because some of the swooping shots are quite clever. I've mentioned that the opening of the film is like "Saving Private Ryan" and "Star Wars: Empire strikes back"; other comparisons I could make it "Apocalypto" as it's a constant journey (difference being I enjoyed watching that film more than once and despite the language barrier I understood what the characters were saying) and maybe "I spit on your grave" because DiCaprio is tortured constantly yet still manages to pull himself together to seek revenge (albeit he avoids being raped). So, ratings, I'd struggle to give this more than 6 out of 10. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a film expert but I do have a qualification in film studies so can appreciate some of the work the crew have put into this. However I'm also no fool, this wasn't a fun vehicle for suspension of disbelief and I wasn't entertained and on the edge of my seat at any time - even the bear mauling could have been nastier. Thanks for the experience, but I've done it once and thankfully don't have to do it again. A long film does not always make a good film, I wish the bear had of being successful because then maybe I could have avoided watching trees swaying, trees standing still, tall trees and short trees, trees, trees, trees, trees.

I left off reviewing this movie for some time. I wanted to mull over what I had seen and come to an understanding of what it was that bothered me about the film.See, I liked the movie as I watched it. At least, for the first thirty minutes or so. However, once the revenge trail was well and truly set out upon, things started to go downhill.At the end of that viewing, I was left in two minds as to how I felt about the movie and that was why I decide to wait until I had time to think things through before commenting on it.Now that I've had that time, here are my thoughts: Firstly, everything about the movie screams quality. Quality acting, quality cinematography, quality effects and so on. If I had to make a film, I'd hire everyone involved in this one... with one exception.The writer. Hugh Glass' tale is one of revenge, albeit heavily altered from the facts of the real Mr. Glass' exploits. So why then, did the writers see the need to push the survival element so hard? Sure, the tale of survival is astounding, but the heart of the movie is about revenge. That is what drives Glass on in the movie to overcome all obstacles placed in his way. Yet that revenge plays second fiddle to the "man vs. the elements" story that appears here.What this means to the story is that there are altogether too many scenes of narrow escapes and ridiculous survivability going on. In fact, the movie is 90% this and little more.What's that? The real Glass survived similar travails? Well, yes he did, in so much as no one story about him agrees on much of anything. Yet this isn't a factual account. It is cinema, and in cinema, we expect to be entertained. Incredible escapes are one thing, but when they verge into the ridiculous, they have gone too far.Bear mauling...fine. Trek through hundreds of miles of frozen wilderness... fine. Wading and swimming through icy rivers in the winter and not getting hypothermia... wait, what? Riding a horse off a cliff and surviving the eighty foot drop with no broken bones... hang on a minute. Happening on a friendly native to help him... right. Rescuing a native woman from the French... huh? It goes on and on. The more you ponder it, the more ludicrous the whole thing becomes. Glass in this film isn't just a tough survivor, he's indestructible. He makes John McClane look like a pansy.Now, don't get me wrong, everything is done well enough to make you buy the tale at first glance. But it doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Everything is contrived. Actual survival elements are ignored when they aren't convenient to the plot, such as the lack of hypothermia. In other words, the more you think about it, the less coherent it is.I don't think I'll watch The Revenant a second time. It isn't that kind of film. Unfortunately, it doesn't know what kind of film it wants to be either. It's one of those films you will watch and then forget within months. And when you catch it on regular TV in a few years time, you'll frown, then recognise it, make that "Oh this thing!" face, and promptly change the channel.A lot of praise has been heaped on it for its technical merits, and rightly so. But story-wise, it is a mess. And, ultimately, shouldn't we be watching movies for the story, not how well they are made? SUMMARY: Cinematic equivalent of "Don't judge a book by its cover" Looks fantastic, but ultimately fails due to excess in the story department - and not in a good way. Too much contrivance and coincidence. Plays the "Look at me!" card too often. A tale of revenge lost in the survival motif. Not as good as it thinks it is.

Oh thank God it's over.Those were the words I uttered out loud when "DIRECTED BY ALEJANDRO G. INARRITU" mercifully appeared on screen at the conclusion of this 2.5 hour test of human endurance - and I'm talking about the audience as much as the fictional characters and real life crew. The Revenant is as much an ordeal to sit through at times as it must have been to live. So much of the film is "LOOK! ACTING!" and "LOOK! CINEMATOGRAPHY!" that nothing is ever enjoyable. Of all the films I've ever seen, The Revenant is the one I can say, 100%, that I will never watch again in my life.Leonardo DiCaprio has done much better work than this. I never bought his relationship with his son. Hugh Glass is a near-zombified character that bears none of the energy of Billy Costigan, Jordan Belfort, Howard Hughes, Arnie Grape or Frank Abagnale. DiCaprio groans and mutters throughout the movie, sometimes spitting in the screen he's acting so hard. That's just it - DiCaprio is acting, and he's acting really well but he's not performing. I never bought him as a person for a moment. Compare the grief displayed by Chiwetel Ejiofor in 12 Years a Slave to the "grief" shown by DiCaprio here, and the soon to be Academy Award winner comes up drastically short.Tom Hardy is completely incomprehensible half the time as Fitzgerald, but gives a much better performance than DiCaprio does. His eyes seem to pierce the audience when he tells a story, and unlike Glass, he feels like a real person who might have existed. The film is infinitely more interesting when the film is following Hardy, Will Poulter or Domhnall Gleeson, the latter of whom gives a commanding performance as the group's captain. The film's screenplay has its moments but for the most part there's not a lot of dialogue and that which exists just services the story and leaves the storytelling up to visuals. The cinematography is impressive, especially the gimmick that Lubezki found to justify his third Oscar in the use of natural light. There's some beautiful stuff to look at in The Revenant, even if 2 hours and 36 minutes is an awful lot to take in. At times I felt like I could have been watching The Lord of the Rings. Then I wished I was watching The Lord of the Rings.Technically, the film is for the most part very impressive. The bad visual effects stood out - fake CGI animals most notably. The bear was impressive even if the elks were not. There was some horrendous dubbing where Native American dialogue clearly does not match the movement of lips. I don't really think characters breath steaming up the camera creates any sense of authenticity. Costumes, production design and sound design are excellent, but the film's biggest coup is to the makeup artists who create some of the most gut-wrenching wounds I've ever seen in film. The editing is competent but there is a good twenty minutes of self-indulgent indigenous pretentiousness that could have been shaved from the film. I would have enjoyed a basic revenge story to the revenge story plus DiCaprio's stupid dream sequences.If Alejandro walks home with his fourth and fifth Oscars to put beside the three he already has, I'll be incredibly disappointed in how shallow Hollywood is. The best way I can describe watching The Revenant is if I were judging a child's oral presentation where the child is so obsessed with giving the best performance he can that he starts to annoy me. By the end, I'm so overwhelmed with information and it has been so long, I just want it to be over. I can't fail him because he's done good work, but boy do I not want to reward him for it.

I don't know how this movie got 8.3 points, we left probably when the movie was halfway. I must have had some willpower to stand it that long. Many people in the theater were browsing their mobiles. They proposed this one for Oscar? Someone is insane.If someone wanted us to know what pain is, he should know the Middle Ages (this one too is in the Middle Ages) is full with pain, stupid people and bloody stories.I think the Oscar should go to the bear in this movie, if insisting with bringing the movie to Oscar.I watched today on Youtube some movies much better than this, so I'll tell you this: try to find something better to do with your time.

Great picture, good direction by Inarritu, and two giants in the lead roles: Leonardo Di Caprio and Tom Hardy. But behind a formerly perfection there in no heart in this movie. Beautiful nature, rocky mountain, snow like in The Big Silence, but i can't live one real emotions, neither during the famous bear scene: the bear is incredible real, but so cold, as if Inarritu is more focused in achieving a perfect fight instead of an emotional fight. For this reason i found the movie a little boring due to it's long duration - 2 hours 36 minutes. My favorite scene is the final one (but i don't reveal what happen). Now i'm curious to see "Man in the Wilderness" (1971), the first movie about the adventure of Hugh Glass starring Richard Harris and John Huston.

I've seen The Revenant three times and intend to see it again. It's a flat-out masterpiece.This film is widely misunderstood, in the way many great works have been. When I read comments like "non-credible plot twists" and "boring," I remember that critics called Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 "very wearying." Missing the message, they called Hemingway's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The Old Man and the Sea, "boring." They called Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby "not too probable."If you're looking for a feel-good Hollywood movie that does your thinking for you, then no, this probably isn't your film. If you're looking for philosophical depth, breathtaking cinematography, and cutting edge film making, go buy a ticket. The Revenant is a classic hero's journey, and it's a shamanic one as well. DiCaprio's character, Hugh Glass, is ripped apart physically and mentally. Along the way he is healed and reborn. By his journey's end, he's transformed. We all have our own bear to fight in life. We all have the choice to give up or go on. Ultimately, we all must examine our motives. The Revenant's themes resonate more powerfully with each viewing--and the glory of Nature through Lubezski's lens never gets old.

"The Revenant" is an adventure for revenge that is violent and crude but also so beautiful. Iñarritu invites the audience to let themselves be shaken and taken on a journey for survival, in one of the most spectacularly and beautifully filmed movies of recent years, with a breathtaking cinematography and scenery. Leonardo DiCaprio giving us, once again, a great performance and every time I watch his movies, I understand why I am one of his fans since way before "Titanic". The jokes about him never getting an Oscar, I think will stop this February. This movie has a really powerful story and although a bit overlong, is nonetheless a stunning achievement, and one of 2015's best movies.

Given that virtually all the pre-awards hype since September has been about DiCaprio's performance and potential first Oscar, I'm going to split this review into two parts: DiCaprio & the film.The film: A beautiful film with insanely good cinematography and camera-work, an excellent score and superb acting all round. From the films I've seen so far it should definitely win Best Cinematography. The scenery and backdrops are epic in scale and totally immersive. The camera-work also helps really place the viewer in the film and has some different and quirky ways of shooting which I definitely respected. The score (as with Bridge of Spies) is also excellent and matches the film perfectly. I'm very surprised it didn't get a nod for Best Score. Finally as mentioned, the acting across the board. Tom Hardy in particular is fantastic and absolutely nails his character. In fact I'd argue his is the most memorable character and best performance in the film. Whatever the case I'd certainly place him above Bale (The Big Short) and probably Rylance (Bridge of Spies) too, in terms of the films I've seen so far, and would love to see him win the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.However... a film can't stand up on its sound, acting and cinematography alone. The story needs to be of a top calibre as well if you are to be considered for Best Picture. And it is here where I feel the film falls down a little bit. Don't get me wrong, I've given it a 7 and thought it was good. I certainly respect Iñárritu for what he's achieved. But did it blow me away? Was I wholly immersed and engaged in the story? Did I find myself empathising with the characters? Unfortunately the answer to all these questions is no. I can't really say I was gripped by the film, I thought it started well but actually got worse as it went on and by the end I find myself looking at my watch as it began to drag. Additionally there were a few scenes which got my back up... firstly on two occasions Iñárritu filmed scenes which I found myself thinking were totally unrealistic, which was odd given how expertly most of the scenes were shot and set out. one where French soldiers don't see what's happening to one of their men 20 feet away and in plain view... and the other where horseback native-Americans fail to shoot him from mere metres away. Additionally I thought the final scene felt a bit cliché and was far too 'James Bond' style for a film like this. It felt a bit obvious and a somewhat of a cop out.So in summary, technically it's great but as a story, there's better. Iñárritu should certainly be considered for Best Director given what he's managed to achieve here but the film in my opinion should not win Best Picture.DiCaprio: First off let me say that yes Leonardo Dicaprio should win an Oscar. Should he win one this year, for this performance however? I'm not so sure. Let's analyse what a performance worthy of Best Actor should be... The actor should create a memorable character, a character that stands out as the best thing in the film, they should put in a performance that has you mesmerised from start to finish. Take Eddie Redmayne last year... What he pulled off was nothing short of spectacular. He became Stephen Hawking... by the end of the film you forgot you were watching Eddie Redmayne as he had totally transformed himself, not only physically but mentally, verbally, in fact in everything he did in that performance. It was well and truly worthy of a Best Actor win. I wasn't too fussed about There Will be Blood as a film but Daniel Day-Lewis' performance and the character he created still lives in my memory even though the film itself has been long forgotten. Ask yourself, what's the first thing you think of when you think about The Dark Knight? It's Heath Ledger... that's how good his performance was!Now going back to DiCaprio. Can those of you who've seen it really say he's the thing you will remember about the film in years to come? As I stated earlier, in my opinion it was Tom Hardy's character and portrayal that is the one which sticks out for me, not DiCaprio's. Don't get me wrong, he is excellent and doesn't put a foot wrong. But did it excel? Did it do what other actors haven't done this year? No. The film studio has spent lots of time and money hyping up his performance this year, long before the film had been seen. We were told how he'd slept in carcasses, been subject to extreme conditions and generally put through his paces. DiCaprio himself has told us that it's the hardest film he's ever had to make. But do these things mean he should win Best Actor? Just because your director makes you sleep in an animal carcass or subjects you to horrible conditions and filming hours, does not mean you yourself have done an incredible job with your character. It simply means your committed to your job and the role. I'm not saying I'd fancy it, I totally respect him for what he's done and he did an excellent job with the character, but realistically he spent a good 3/4 of the film crawling/walking and breathing heavily. I'm not convinced another actor wouldn't have played the character just as well. And for that reason I question whether he deserves an Oscar specifically for this role, despite how difficult it may have been to do. I honestly went into this, wanting it to be one of the best performances I've ever seen. But when you strip back all the hype and all the pre-awards material that's been pressed upon us and just judge the performance itself, I don't think it's a stand-out.

If you can tolerate the exaggeration of the survival capacity of a human being, romantic dreams during extreme violence, unbreakable bones, non-infectious scars, ultimate resistance to hypothermia etc., then this movie could be watched as pastoral symphony of winter scenes. There are impressive wilderness shots like the struggle with the bear, buffalo herd with the wolves etc., but these are not very original and difficult with today's technology. Leonardo DiCaprio played better roles than this one and I think he has already deserved an Oscar. Art direction, sound mixing and editing are excellent. Photography is outstanding. Unnecessarily long and boring.

This is the best film of 2015 by about 200 miles, and the best frontier epic I've seen in 25 years. It isn't dissimilar to 1990's Dances With Wolves, but The Revenant is a story that actually happened (or close to it) and the minor liberties taken with the source all make sense when you read about the saga as it was documented, and are totally justified when you see the end result.Tom Hardy is having quite a year. Mad Max: Fury Road was the best film I had seen this year until this one came along, and despite how good he was as the lead/hero, his portrayal of a totally corruptible villain is far better, and is the best performance in the movie in my opinion.Fortunately for DiCaprio, Hardy isn't competing with him as the lead actor here and while Hardy's performance is extremely dialog-driven, Leo's is the exact opposite. Within the first half-hour he's almost entirely lost the use of his voice and spends the remaining 2 hours illustrating that acting is as much about line delivery as about facial expression and body language.A couple of the more minor casting and crewing decisions seemed strange when I first read about them, particularly Domnhall Gleeson in the role of the Army Captain and Ryuichi Sakamoto's appointment to create the score. I've never seen Gleeson play any masculine characters in a convincing fashion but he does it extremely well here, and although Sakamoto created two outstanding film scores for 'Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence' and 'The Last Emperor' they were both in the mid 1980's. He's worked with Inarritu before but this is his best work since he won the academy award in 1987 and the best film score I've heard all year. He had some assistance with this one, which seems to be a roadblock to his getting a nomination for this movie, which is a shame.On the topic of awards, DiCaprio and Hardy certainly deserve their probable nominations, but I think The Revenant has a better chance at snagging the two sound design Oscars (particularly the one for sound mixing) and the award for best cinematography. The latter is, for me, the biggest lock of the year in a year where many will be rooting for DiCaprio as much during awards season as they do for his character in the film.Emmanuel Lubezki has again delivered the most beautiful film of the year, and has included quite a few of his usual impressive camera tricks. Visually and thematically The Revenant evokes 2005's The New World, and in addition to the same amazing imagery he captured in that film, this one is a technical jaw-dropper. There are several long-take action scenes that owe as much of their impact to the visual effects and choreography teams as they do to Lubezki's camera but he's the one who brings it all together. To win the Oscar again would be his third win in a row and provide some tangible support for my feeling that he's the greatest film photographer in the world and possibly the best one ever. No one has won the award more than four times and the two men who did win four took an average fourteen nominations to get there. Lubezki has two wins from just seven nominations in a relatively short 32-year career behind the lens.The Revenant is the type of movie that I had to take notes for because by the time the credits rolled I had forgotten at least a couple of the technical puzzle-pieces that combined to make it so great. Nominations for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Makeup and Best Editing would all be deserved in addition to those mentioned above. I would not be surprised to see the film enter February with as many as 10 Oscar nominations. The combined efforts of about a half dozen of the most talented artists and technicians in the business are at play here. 10 out of 10 starts; one of the most beautiful films about ugliness you'll ever see.

I gave the film a 6 because it was advertised as a very action filled revenge movie...but what it delivered was a painfully slow movie that was woefully short on action or revenge.If you are looking for visually appealing film, grand shots of mountains, snow, rivers, fog, and water...you'll get a lot of that in the movie. The problem is that you get about an hour and a half too much of that.I know it took a lot of work to film this thing...and the camera work truly is great...that's the only reason I didn't give it a 3. It's so slow that you can not only get up to go to the bathroom at just about any point and not miss anything...you could probably make some phone calls and check your tire pressure while you're at it...and still not miss anything. The first 20 minutes were pretty cool, and there were a few short minutes toward the end that were OK...but everything else had me trying not to fall asleep in the theater.I was begging for this movie to end.

I'm surprised no one mentioned the fact this film is a remake of Richard Sarafian "Man In The Wilderness" starring the great Richard Harris and John Huston. The Revenant is greatly more dramatic and graphic and Leonard DiCaprio played an excellent role. I loved the usage of real American Indians in their roles. The grizzly bear scene was beyond the best animal attack scene ever. But more credit still needs to be given to the remake. The snowy winter scene with the rough water rapids was remarkable. I was hoping for a better ending but what a saying at the end "Revenge is in God's Hands" and he slid Fitzgerald's body down to Elk Dog was revenge at it's best

There is a lot of talk about how this movie is nominated for awards etc..and while I like Lenoardo in movies, frankly this might be one of his worst. The movie was not very good, in a lot of ways rather boring. The bear scene gets all this rave but frankly, it really wasn't all that. The bear even looked kind of cgi. the story itself was a bit much to swallow. The guy might as well have been in the crucible with the beating he took. Then he makes this magical comeback in a matter of a few days. Tom hardy's character must have been too busy preparing for legend or something because his role simply was not very well done. Furthermore he always sounded like he had marbles in his mouth. with all the hype people tried to give this movie I was expecting much much much better. Maybe with less expectation it would have been more enjoyable. But given all the hype it was a huge let down. I would not pay to see this film, i do not recommend it to people i know. If you want to see tom hardy in a better movie go see Legend. This is not the next inception block buster movie.

The terms "immersive" and "visceral" are often loosely used, but THE REVENANT has taken strong ownership of them, and all it takes is director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's sharp and creative directing and maestro cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki's distinctive camera style and seamless edits that take us through the landscape, up close and personal. THE REVENANT is one of those films that will be talked about for generations to come, whether it be at a film school among students and experts or at a coffee shop among aficionados who've just seen one of the most incredible films ever.The character Hugh Glass is a legend when it comes to the history of the frontier, these are the times before the things we often associate with wild wild west. Writer/director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and co-scribe Mark L. Smith take source from Michael Punke's novel but they put a fictional twist of their own on this actual historical character, played in the film by the great Leonardo DiCaprio. In this film, Hugh Glass has a mixed race son because he was once had native-American wife, Glass and his son join fur-trapping business that got attacked by the natives, one of the people in their expedition is John Fitzgerald, played by Tom Hardy. One day, Glass gets mauled by a bear and left for dead by his team members. Fitzgerald is one of the three staying behind to care for Glass and to give him a proper burial should he passes. But Fitzgerald kills Glass' son and takes off instead, an event which then motivates Glass to survive in his relentless pursuit of revenge.Whether it be interior like "Birdman" or outdoors like "The Revenant," Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is a director who's committed to taking the audience to fully experience because he understands the wide range and the scale and he also fully understands the stories of these characters and he smartly conveys them to you. Yes, it's a primal existential survival story, yes it's also a revenge and redemption story, yes it's also father and son story, but the way Alejandro films it, the way he tells it, makes THE REVENANT more nuanced than that. And just like how this film manages to transport you to a land and time that's rarely tackled in cinema, it also successfully transports visual spectacle to a new height that's never before seen nor felt. The sequence in which Leonardo DiCaprio's Hugh Glass gets mauled by a bear, for example, it's as if you could feel Glass and the bear's breath. This is also why Lubezki is one of the greatest of all-time because his cinematography aims to make you feel like you're present there, you see the angles, the edges of the screen, everything about it is very welcoming, very inclusive.This is Leonardo DiCaprio's best performance yet, one of the things that makes him a great actor is that he's clever in his rhythmical movement and facial expressions, he's on point, he knows how to make a scene more emotional or more intense, this is an actor who gives his all for his characters, and you see that dedication once again in THE REVENANT, working in toughest most uncomfortable conditions, he even strips down naked, Leo's devotion to this character, Hugh Glass, is admirable. Tom Hardy also gives an equally outstanding performance as the villain, Fitzgerald, who's only looking out for number one, what matters to Fitzgerald are himself and his ambitions, he doesn't have a problem with kicking integrity or honor to the curb if need be. And so when Hugh Glass ultimately gets in the way, it's kill or be killed mode for Fitzgerald and Hardy, with his sturdy intimidating stature, accomplishes that.THE REVENANT is a beautifully shot film, much of it will remind you of the works of writer/director Terrence Malick, whom Emmanuel Lubezki collaborated with several times including "The New World." There's something majestic, something grand about THE REVENANT and at the same time, there's also something inspiring and hopeful about it. THE REVENANT is a work of art, a masterpiece.

I wanted this to be great - I should have known better, especially since it was nominated for an Oscar. The criteria theses days for an Oscar seems to be that the movie must be long (check) and boring (check). This certainly delivered. Don't waste your time or money. I saw this at an RPX so I am twice as upset since they charged an extra $7.50 (per person). It was sold out in two theater's so I had to wait until Sunday night. All I can say is don't believe the hype/Oscar buzz. I fell for it and I am sorely disappointed! I felt the same way about Kings Speech. I gave The Revenant a chance because Leo was in it and he's a great actor. That is why I gave it two stars instead of one.

Much will be said about this film. Whether it is a disappointment or not. I've never been huge on Inarritu. I've always felt his films take the melodrama and contrivance way too far, even if I don't hate any of his films. The first of his that I loved was Birdman, and now I can add The Revenant as his second and his most accomplished film to date. I feel like many will not take to its pacing. It's pretty much the most plot-driven Malick film that the director himself never made. Technically it's breath-taking, with really beautiful and powerful cinematography that will surely blow you away. But then again we all knew that. If there's one aspect of the film that perhaps is flawed, it is the editing. I do feel like the transitioning of scenes at times felt a little off, and because of it the film as a whole can sometimes feel disjointed. I think this, in particular, makes the film feel like it is dragging in its second act. The biggest surprise here is how strong the actual narrative and screenplay is. I didn't know much about these people, the novel, or the plot summary of the film, but I think that the screenplay does a really wonderful job of letting us into many of these characters' heads and really permeating the entire film's atmosphere with intense psychological dilemmas that really haunt the screen. For such a physical film, it's also very much an internal one, and that essentially applies to Dicaprio as well. I've always been hit or miss with him, but this is the best I've ever seen him, and I think that's because it's a role that is totally unlike so much of what he usually does. He has to physically inhabit this character completely. He surely gives it his all, and it's visible all across his face. It's a role very much not driven by dialogue, and instead it's a completely soulful performance. If he was to win an Oscar for this, then congratulations to him because he would be completely deserving. The other standout is Tom Hardy, another actor who is usually hit or miss with me but who also delivers some stunningly good work here. He's chilling, and he should definitely be in contention for an Oscar nomination.Ultimately, this film is one that needs to be pondered more to see how it fares with time. The great thing is that, so far, I cannot recommend it enough. It's very much a humorless, miserable film, with only bad things happening to characters we care about. In that respect, similar to Inarritu's previous films, and yet none of it rang false here. It's far from perfect, it remains a daunting, exhausting, overwhelming, yet beautiful, poetic, immersive experience, and those adjectives alone make it one of the best, if not the best, films of the year.

The Revenant is one of the best movies as far as cinematography goes.The natural shots they were able to take are amazing and mesmerizing.The visuals are beyond perfect and that "Bear scene" is so great that it's hard to believe how they were able to do it.The movie is gritty and also intense while still being very interesting and gorgeously shot with top notch performances and directing. Leonardo DiCaprio gives one of the best,if not the best performance of the year by a male in a leading role and I truly hope that this time he actually gets to win an Oscar for this.He's so committed to the role and it shows especially in some of the more brutal scenes. Tom Hardy also nails the role perfectly and gives almost an equally great performance as Leo.His voice is weird though but by now we're used to him having different voices on different roles,even though sometimes is hard to understand what he's saying. It does get brutal though and some of the things that the characters have to do to survive are beyond disgusting but reasonable and understandable for the situations they're in. The soundtrack is also very good but it's not what you take away from the movie the most,because the amazing cinematography and the style of the movie,the direction that Alejandro G.Iñárritu goes including here the two amazing performances of the leads are what you take away the most about this amazing cinematic achievement. At 153 minutes it is a bit too long but that doesn't take away from the movie that much because this still remains as one of the best movies of the year with some of the best performances,cinematography,visuals a really good score and memorable scenes that are bound to stick in your mind for a long time after.

(No Spoilers Here)Honestly I am astonished at the lower ratings this film is getting, are you kidding me! Right off the bat in the beginning I could tell this film was going to be something special. First off the Direction from Alejandro González Iñárritu, and cinematography from Emmanuel Lubezki is some of the greatest film work I have ever seen! The way the camera moves throughout the film is unparalleled. The feeling immerses you into the film that uses nature as its main star. Definitely see The Birdman duo getting a 2nd straight Oscar nod this year!As for the acting, yes everyone asking will this film finally get Leo his first Oscar? I can honestly say for now yes! The reason I say for now, is because there is still a few months up to the Oscars and I am sure more films will arise as contenders, but for the time now, I personally haven't seen a performance that betters Leo's Hugh Glass for The Revenant this year. What he offers in this film is shear acting! If there is a better performance for an actor this year, please by all means tell me, because this will be hard to top people!That being said I believe there will be another actor nominated for his performance in this film as well. Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald, Tom was superb as the frontiersman and in my opinion definitely deserves a nod. The plot is a pretty straight forward revenge story, but never the less the amazing acting, direction, camera work, and natural capture of a extreme cold wasteland will immerse the viewer into a film I think is unlike anything ever seenI give this film a 9/10 and as always enjoy the show!

"This film is boring because he is crawling around and grunting for 3 hours. But the cinematography is good, tho." Geez. Go back to your over-hyped cookie cutter Hollywood bullshit with lots of unrealistic action scenes and childish jokes. Yes, this movie is slow, and there isn't much of a story going on. Yes, the most part of Leonardo DiCaprio's acting is crawling on the ground and grunting. And yes, the cinematography is outstanding.The point of this film is showing the struggle the protagonist has to go through to get his revenge, and I think the movie delivered this point in a brilliant way. Your lack of patience doesn't make a movie bad. But that seems to be the crowd nowadays. They want a 90 minute cliché film with a lot of action, boobs, funny lines and a "mind-blowing" plot twist at the end.Also, saying that DiCaprio was only crawling and grunting shows that you people have no idea about acting. He didn't talk much, and that makes this character even harder to portray: with facial expressions. I'm not saying the performance was Oscar-worthy, but it was very good. And the other actors, especially Tom Hardy, did a great job, too.This film is very much about atmosphere. And I'm not only talking about the filming locations, camera work and editing, you also need some empathy to feel what Hugh Glass must have felt. That's what makes the movie interesting and also suspenseful. Yes, I thought that movie was very suspenseful, believe it or not.Next thing is, of course, the camera work. The amount of absolutely outstanding one shot scenes is amazing and shows the high professionalism of the cast and crew. Did you guys even notice that the whole battle scene at the beginning was ONE SINGLE SHOT? And also every other scene in the movie lasted very long. You feel like you're in the middle of it all. I know this is not new, but they do this on such a high level here, it's amazing.I know this "review" reads more like a defense of the movie, but I couldn't keep this to me after reading all the "opinions". If you don't like slow movies, it's OK. But don't say a movie is bad or boring just because it's slow. Assuming that being slow makes a movie bad, "Dead Man" and "Only Lovers Left Alive" by Jim Jarmush are also bad movies, right?

The Revenant is, to say the least, a visually stunning journey of survival, deception, and Fatherhood. Directed by Academy Award Winner Alejandro G. Innarritu, the film follows Hugh Glass (played by Nominee Leonard DiCaprio), who after a brutal encounter with a bear, is left for dead by John Fitzgerald (played by nominee Tom Hardy), and depicts the grueling reality of nature that Glass must endure, in order to avenge both his son's death and his deception. Inarritu incorporates many of the elements of his previous films, such as making the scenes appear to be taken in one shot and telling different stories while overlaying them, to make one main story, which are seen in films like Birdman and Babel, and allows his direction to shine, in order to make a beautiful film. DiCaprio gives a shocking performance, in the way that he rarely speaks and if he does, it is in a different language, proving that actions speak louder than words. Along with STUNNING cinematography, The Revenant is a powerful film that is truly beautiful and given the harsh conditions that the film was shot in, and the fact that the only lighting used was all natural, makes this film on the best of the year, 9 out of 10 stars.

The Revenent is the second film I've watched this year, and I must say, what a great start! From the second the wide landscape footage of shimmering water appeared into the cinema screen, I knew this movie was going to be extraordinary. The cinematography is unbelievably beautiful, the actors (Dicaprio, Hardy, etc.) played an insanely amazing performance, and the directorial cuts were inexpressibly good. Wouldn't be surprised if Iñárritu won director of the year another year round. While exploring the uncharted wilderness in the 1800s, legendary frontiersman Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack. When his hunting team leaves him for dead, Glass must utilize his survival skills to find a way back home to his beloved family. Grief-stricken and fueled by vengeance, Glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy), the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him.One feature that brought this film to my liking was the sense of realism. The film was so immersive that you connect with the characters that most need help and you grind your teeth and clench your fists with the characters that deserve the savage taste of revenge.When the snow falls and the blizzard resolutes the gloomy-like forest, we all start to shiver. When the blood-thirsty tribes kill with the most unlikely of weapons we squint our eyes and squeal in revolt.This film has it all. The love. The hate. The remorse. The repulse. The pain. The revival. A great cinematic beginning of the brand new year of 2016. Enjoy it and don't miss out.

To start with, a movie like this should be viewed multiple times to understand and absorb the little details the director tries to reveal. Every landscape shot, every breath exhaled, every bite taken, is all done in such a way that it flows like poetry.The plot is fairly simple, but it is the journey our hero has to undergo to seek redemption that grabs the viewers attention and demands all of it. The acting is almost perfect. The question is, what does DiCaprio has to do to get an Oscar? The director injects a little bit of mysticism in many scenes that have underlying themes that somehow relate to what the hero is going through.The movie is two and a half hours long but the time flies by because the editing compliments the story.Other aspects also help to make to make this movie great.Go see it!

This film tells the story of a man in the 1820's, who sets out with a group of men for a fur trading expedition. He is attacked by a bear, then left for dead by his men. After he witnessed his son being killed, he sets on a long journey to live for revenge.There is so much buzz around "The Revenant" so I had high hopes for it. However, I was thoroughly disappointed after just ten minutes. It is excessively violent and graphically gory. I think there is no need for ten minutes of fighting and five minutes of bear attack, when one minute each is already enough to convey the message. Most scenes drag on and on, what could have been told in ten seconds are often dragged to minutes long.Another thing that I dislike is the fact that all actors have long unkempt hair, covering most of their faces. This makes character recognition an intense mental challenge! Thirdly, the story is not engaging or interesting. It only involves Leonardo walking around in snow most of the time. There is nothing to captivate me. I watched the whole 2.5 hours of "The Revenant", and I was thoroughly bored.

Symptomatic of a lot of American movies of late, The Revenant's greatest disappointment is the inability to have speaking parts clearly audible. Indeed, some of the accents employed are so thick I think they spent a lot of time with their mouths full of cotton wool. The character, Fitzgerald, was so bad I didn't understand a word he said.I may buy this movie off the reject pile at the DVD store but don't expect me to see it again on the big screen.Visually the scenery is fantastic and highlights the somber mood of the story, a few bright days serve even more to emphasize the darkness.In fact I was so disappointed I walked out. DiCaprio may be worthy of an Oscar, this movie as whole should not be nominated.

I am not a fan Iñárritu; but I concede I saw all his directed movies since AMORES PERROS. I went to THE REVENAT with doubts; mostly because having seen the original about 40 years ago, still remember it as boring and depressing. However; when I saw this version trailer; the images were so amazing that I felt the urge to see it. Well, I was not disappointed at all. The story is pretty much the same but told in much more bearable way (the original Richard Harris spent 90% of the movie alone). But are the images and effects that stand out; created by using wide angle lenses on close ups and moving the camera on 360 degrees; creating immersive images that easily transmit to other senses. You feel the cold, the water and the suffering. If Iñárritu tried to demostrate that nature is the greatest and most spectacular (and dangerous) thing in this world; he succeed. The digitally created THE FORCE AWAKENS should hide ashamed of what has been achieved with a camera and some lenses. Just the Indians or the Bear attacks; completely compensates the price of the ticket; but there is more from where that came from in this incredible movie. The acting is superb. It required very humble and committed actors to accept these roles. Tom Hardy is terrifying in a character that pure selfishness and not allow a hint of sympathy. Di Caprio in his most physical interpretation until today is outstanding. You are able to feel his pain and suffering. In brief; if you want to see the most spectacular images or the most terrifying fight man vs nature. Just go and see this movie.

Hugh Glass is a military scout. With his Indian half-breed son Hawk, he serve in with John Fitzgerald, and Jim Bridger under Commander Andrew Henry, tasked to hunt animal pelts. They have to face both the Indians and the French. While hunting, Glass returns back to camp after hearing a commotion when the Indians attack. They flee to the river as the attack kills 33 men. Fitzgerald suggest a route but Glass suggest an opposite route. Henry listens to Glass and they rest for the night. At first light Glass goes ahead first as Hawk remains with the company. But Glass enters a Grizzly bear's domain and gets attacked viciously. He manages to kill the beast, but his throat is injured badly, making him unable to speak. The company finds him and carries him. Fitzgerald suggests to leave Glass as apparently they can't save him. Eventually Henry gives up, but he insists that Glass die naturally, promising money for three men who stay with Glass. Hawk and Bridger volunteer, and surprisingly so did Fitzgerald.But Fitzgerald gets impatient, offering Glass a quick death if he just blinks. Glass closes his eyes for some time, and when he opens them Fitzgerald considers it as blinking then tries to kill him. Hawk catches Fitzgerald and the two struggle, but eventually Fitzgerald kills Hawk. Bridger comes and Fitzgerald convince him to bury Glass alive in a shallow grave. He stops as Glass is neck deep. Glass crawls out of his grave, surviving on eating bits and pieces until he can stand again. Able to walk, Glass meets an Indian man carving meat from a dead beast. Glass begs for some and the man gives, but he faints after eating. The Indian is actually pursuing his daughter Powaqa's kidnappers. He helps Glass after he explains his ordeal. The man builds Glass a makeshift shelter when they face a blizzard. When Glass wakes up the man has gone. Glass finds a French trappers' camp, and waits until nightfall then readies to steal a horse. A French man brings an Indian girl and rapes her near Glass. He rescues the girl and they escape on a stolen horse, but Glass dropped the flask Bridger left him.The girl leaves Glass and The French pursuers catches up on him, so he runs off of a cliff, killing his horse. As another blizzard looms, Glass removes the horse's entrails and use the carcass as a cocoon. One of the French wanders into Henry's fort, bringing the Bridger's flask. Henry wonders if it's the missing Hawk, so they set out to find him. They instead find Glass himself. Henry rides back ahead but Fitzgerald had already gone with the company's money. Glass reveals the truth, asking supplies to hunt Fitzgerald. Henry goes with him. As Glass spots a camp's smoke in the wilderness, he and Henry check it out from opposite directions. But Henry meets Fitzgerald, who then kills him. Glass finds the body and uses it to lure Fitzgerald out. He succeeds and they fight a bloody melee. Glass finally has the upper hand and readies his killing blow. But he spots a band of Indians up the river and remembers the words of the previous Indian man that revenge is in God's hands, and he lets Fitzgerald floats on the current to them, who kills him.Another great movie this month, The Revenant (2015) is full of great work in acting, directing and effects. The story is like other revenge movies, although I don't think the movie was clear enough at it. There's a lot of unnecessary footage if we see it story-wise. There are quite a lot of other story elements which are not concluded in the end.But I must say again that the movie is a gem technical-wise. It's a beautiful sight to see. Inarritu was very kind in supplying us with another trick up his sleeve. Here you see a lot of mind bending close up shots of crazy stunts. They are enabled by the help of moving camera and impeccable timing execution that lets it require less editing.There are many moments where the movie builds up suspense with the camera closing up on the actors, pans away, rotates to view the surroundings, and suddenly we have them getting shot at point blank. The special effects are done well that the stunts achieved their intended effect. Many times I was left behind as I was wondering how did they rigged the stunt that just happened when suddenly the movie just shoves another crazy stunt in my face.The cinematography is great. Emmanuel Lubezki is really looking like he's aiming for another Oscar. Aside from the great job on the main story elements, there are also very pretty photography in this movie. Lubezki did a great job in capturing the spirit of the location to insert into the movie.The acting overall is just superb. Leonardo DiCaprio did great in handling the dominant focus his character has as the entire movie mostly centers on Glass. Tom Hardy managed to bend himself into yet another believable character, despite the original reasoning of his apathy to Glass' ordeal remains unclear. Domnhall Gleeson's star is clearly rising steadily, as he secured roles in three acclaimed movie this year so far; here, Star Wars Episode VII, and Ex Machina. Will Poulter nicely adds depth to the whole story, as with the native American cast.For me The Revenant (2015) deserves a 7 out of 10 score. It would have been more enjoyable for the ordinary people if there's less duration that only contains silence. I did enjoy the movie though, yet I don't think many other ordinary people will too.

Alejandro González Iñárritu who directed last year's Best Picture winner 'Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)' has returned with his next film 'The Revenant'. The films couldn't be further apart in nature. I remember saying when I reviewed the former film that it wasn't going to be for everyone, and despite the films being worlds apart, this fact remains the same. 'The Revenant' is a beautiful film to look at, but it's a tough film to sit through. There's a pretty amazing true story being told here, but it's being told in such a slow, drawn out way that it lost a lot of impact for me. The buzz around town is that the time may finally have come for Leonardo DiCaprio to get an Oscar for his performance in 'The Revenant'. Personally I would be disappointed if this turns out to be the case. Don't get me wrong he delivers a very fine performance here. But of all the charismatic, layered performances he's given over the years, this was not his best work. People will justify it saying the filming conditions were immensely tough and that he put in the hard yards for the role, however the I believe any actor given this role could have come up with a very similar performance. There was nothing DiCaprio did here that no one else in the business could have pulled off. That hasn't been the case in other roles he's nailed.Be prepared going in to 'The Revenant'. Be prepared to be very patient. It's a long film with not a lot happening for the most part of it. The flaw for me was how much time was given to each aspect of the story. The survival aspect takes up 95% of the time, which granted was a great way to show just how harrowing of an experience it would truly have been and the determination it would have taken, and the "revenge" aspect is just rushed in at the end almost as an afterthought. For mine the ratio needed to be closer to 80-20% for the sake of an audience who are demanding a more satisfactory ending.

The visuals in this film are stunning, and it absolutely draws you into the atmosphere. I can't imagine what all involved went through to capture some of these scenes. It deserves to be seen on the big screen, and, perhaps, is the only way it will really be appreciated since the cinematography is really the star here. What action there is is spectacular, but the film moves along at an extremely slow pace. In one scene where characters were sleeping, I heard snoring, which seemed rather appropriate. However, when I continued to hear the same snoring during other scenes, I realized one of the patrons near me had fallen asleep (and slept through most of the film). A man sitting next to me also spent a large amount of viewing time with his chin on his chest. I personally fought off sleep a time or two as well, but never succumbed.In short, the filmmaking itself is a spectacle to behold, and the special effects are fantastic, but this isn't an action epic, so I'd suggest not going to the theater tired. Oh, and I'd also suggest eating BEFORE you see this, because you might not have much appetite afterward. Reasons will become evident if you see the film.

This skyrocketed straight into my top 3 movies of the year and was a great experience all around.First of this was a great story dealing with a survival story fueled on revenge when a personal injustice occurs. The set pieces look amazing but also gives you a good picture on how cold and desolate this place really is that there all struggling thru.It goes from bad to worse when the main character gets attacked by a bear and is severely wounded by that. While to sick to move he witnesses his son getting killed over racial differences and he himself is left for death.Barely recovered he goes after the killer and will do anything to survive so he can avenge his son's death. Writing it down like this it seems very "black and white" but there are a lot of Grey areas but they are more subtle like in facial expressions or things not said.I got in to the movie pretty fast and was somewhat surprised it has a 2 and a half hour running time because the time just flew by.Highly recommend it.If you haven't seen it,go watch it now.An awesome western/adventure.

I don't understand the hype behind this movie. Leo is attacked by the bear in the 1st act then spends 2 hours walking through the snow with predictable outcomes. This movie would be forgettable if not how bad it was.

Well ...... you'd think that by now I would not fall for the 8.0 review on IMDb but once again we commit ourselves to being tortured by the most dullest and pointless film that I've seen in a while for 2.5 hours of our lives, trying to make out any kind of dialogue over the most nasty noisy background of what sounds like wee wee trickling into a urinal or the screech of a thousand nails across a blackboard. Was there any point in watching it, I'm none the wiser the only reason I've given it two stars is for the scenery cause if that wasn't in it then s@@t me ..... how these pieces of dung get nominated for Oscars is beyond me. I'd rather spend 2 and a half hours watching my sons animations using those connecting plastic bricks (rolls eyes) at least there is a flipping story and far more entertainment. Whoever has rated this film 8.0 is deluded. A total utter pile of depressing horse manure which you could watch 10 minutes of and experience the same thing! X

I am giving this movie a "5" because I recognize that some serious movie-making was involved, and I want to recognize it. However, I am also giving this movie a "5" because I did not like it.The opening scenes are exciting, but disjointed. Who are these people? Where are they? What are they doing there? Why do the Native Americans care? The bear attack is genuinely exciting and, for me, the highlight of the film. The problems is that there are two hours to go.The film is dark. The sun surely shines under the Wyoming/Montana/Dakota sky, but rarely in this film. A lot of "squinting" is necessary.The dream sequences are unnecessary and poorly edited. There is some character development, but not much. Glass is obviously respected, but it isn't clear why. Fitzgerald's character seems to morph by the minute. The other characters simply pass through the scenes. And everyone looks like everyone else! It isn't clear why the Arikaras are so intent on capturing Glass. It isn't clear who, exactly, got back to Fort Kiowa. The intervention of the Pawnee who comes to Glass' aid strikes a positive note, but what does his brief involvement add to the film? And, who exactly were the Voyageurs and what were they doing there? And what did the sexual assault add to the movie? My biggest gripe is also my highest praise: The cinematography is magnificent but, oh so, languid! By the end of this long movie, I was numb. And bored.Leonardo won the Oscar for his portrayal of Glass, but he has been better in a number of other films. But, there is no denying that he got into his role.I bought the BluRay. I will watch it three or four more times, at full volume and with closed captions, to see if I can better understand it and appreciate it. I think, however, that it will take a "director's cut" to bring clarity to this film, if that is even possible, and it will take the patience of Job to sit through it.

One of the worst movies I have ever saw. Complete boredom and pure stupidity.Spoilers!!!!! Started off well, beautiful scene where Leo and his son out on a hunt and a river running through foggy trees. Then a nice battle scene with the Indians trying to take the trappers pelts. Then it went downhill from here into movie hell.Hugh (Leo) then gets mauled by a female bear who has her cubs. Its winter Bears hibernate. Bear cubs come in the springtime, not winter. They usually are grown at winter time. After Hugh Glass kills the bear he falls down a hill where the dead 500 ilb bear falls on top of him. It doesn't kill him. DAMN the bad luck could have saved 2 hours of boredom.Tom Hardy kills Leo's half American Indian son in front of him. Setting up the original plot, revenge. Then Leo gets buried alive, still survives. Goes floating down whitewater rapids after getting mauled by a bear. He has a bear skin on, Wouldn't it fill up with water an drown him. No of course not, be to logical for this completely stupid film. Damn the bad luck. Washes ashore completely wet and lights a fire. More stupidity. Once again damn the bad luck, he doesn't die from hypothermia.At this point I lost all interest in Leo's character. He's obviously immortal and will get his revenge.So the villain better be good. Tom Hardy was the villain. He tried to talk with a Texas accent. You couldn't understand him. He mumbled his lines. Horrible villain. Tom was just a stupid man trying to make a living stealing and killing whoever crossed him. Nothing interesting in his character either. He's also a rapist.After Leo rides a horse off a cliff into a huge pine tree, he still survives. He got mauled by a bear earlier. Lives inside a gutted horse for a while the crawls and grunts his way to the Army barracks.Inside the Army barracks is Tom Hardy. But Tom robs the barracks and only 2 people (Leo and the captain) look for him. Why wouldn't the whole barracks look for him? More stupidity from a stupid movie.Finally a mauled Leo, who can barely walk, fights Tom. Wounds him and leaves him for some random Indians to kill him. Getting his revenge and this 2:30 minute bore-athon to finally end.After the movie ended I stood up and said "wow an overrated piece of garbage." Everyone sitting by me agreed. Guess wasn't the only one bored by this dull movie. Surprise the director gave us Birdman, the worst movie ever to win best picture.In real life Hugh Glass had no wife or children. He also got mauled in August and made it back to the barracks in early October. When bears get ready for their long nap.2 stars due to the amazing cinematography. Amazing looking film. Just boring watching Leo grunt, crawl and sleep in the snow. Living when logic says he should be dead.

Um, yeah, there is no way he could have survived that. Maybe, maybe he could have survived the first attack, but I don't think so. However, it was "game over" after the second attack... He would have needed a medi-vac and a level 1 trauma center immediately and he still would have died. Do the more positive reviewers realize there was no medical care, no antibiotics, no hospitals, way to do blood transfusions in the 19th century? What does it matter? He would have died then and there. Anyone with basic medical knowledge or who has watched a couple of Nat Geo docs on real bear attacks could see that. The antagonist was correct in his assessment of the situation, why demonize him? They had to have him kill the son I guess in order to make him a real bad guy because leaving Dicaprio behind was the right choice ... I don't even want to go on about this. I have seen some very excellent, very humorous reviews of how unbelievable and ludicrous this movie is. I'm glad Dicaprio got an Acedemy Award, but he should have gotten it for The Aviator or even Gangs of New York. For this, no. He had a better chance of surviving the sinking of the Titannic in 30 degree water for a day than surviving 45 minutes after that bear attack.

I have never watched an Oscar(s) winning film that was less deserving of the award. Best actors in order: The CGI Bear The brown speckled white horse Matt Hardy The CGI Moose Every other actor in the filmThere were some beautiful shots but they didn't add anything to the story or add any relevant emotion. The story was stupidly cliché. The Ree were insultingly stereotypical. The action was mostly terrible, occasionally almost mediocre. The most sympathetic character was the antagonist and this was not intentional. The three stars are for what the actors went through to make the film. The director put his crew through hell to shoot in beautiful wild locations with powerful natural light and ambiance, then basically threw it all away by using unimaginative dream sequences and overlaying stupid flashback noises. So many continuity errors. This drivel got the "best director" Oscar. Nothing in the film is worth your attention and is an excellent example of why the academy's opinion should be viewed with extreme criticism

It has been over a month since I saw this film at the cinema... and I'm certainly glad I had the chance to experience it on the big screen. The visuals are so strikingly captivating that they stayed with me to this day - I wouldn't have a problem with saying that this is some of the best cinematography I've ever seen in film, especially if you take the natural lighting into consideration. If you're anything like me and you appreciate innovative camera work, you'll be amazed with the shots they managed to capture in 'The Revenant'. But besides being a visual marvel, does the film succeed in being a compelling tale like Iñárritu's previous works?Well, yes, it does... to an extent. We follow Hugh Glass on a harrowing journey as he fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead, and what we get is essentially a simple revenge story. This is one of those films that absolutely excels in some parts, yet barely delivers in others. After the amazing opening sequence and the terrifying bear attack which was just simply masterful, the film felt like it slowed down... and although I wasn't taken out of the story at any point, I definitely felt that there were some pacing issues. It's not by any means a "boring" film - as it crafts tension extremely well and feels consistent with it throughout, but with the addition of slightly pretentious dream sequences and a reliance on style over substance (or in this case, beautiful imagery over narrative) the film unfortunately starts to drag a little.In regards to DiCaprio's performance, it was great as usual, but was it Oscar-worthy? This was a role that clearly relied on physicality rather than emotion - which is what I felt the character was lacking where it seemed necessary. If this performance wins Leo an Oscar it'll feel like it happened purely because the Academy believes it owes him one. Besides, Oscars don't define good acting, as many great actors have never won an Oscar... but I digress. Tom Hardy pulled off a decent job as usual, Domhnall Gleeson was absolutely fantastic despite his limited amount of screen time, and I was pleasantly surprised by Will Poulter's also small but memorable performance. All in all, I can't really complain about the performances, and despite a lack of emotion on DiCaprio's part, his energy and drive still kept me at the edge of my seat.If I were to rate this film based purely on its visuals and cinematography, I would give it a perfect 10 out of 10. However, due to its flawed pacing and other minor negatives (such as out of sync dialogue) I cannot give 'The Revenant' a perfect score. Iñárritu decided to showcase physical brutality instead of emotional brutality he incorporated in his previous films such as 'Biutiful' or 'Birdman' - which I found to be more effective and far more emotionally powerful. That being said, 'The Revenant' is still an incredible achievement in filmmaking and provides one hell of a compelling journey. It is a simultaneously mesmerising and suspenseful piece of cinema that not only showcases breathtaking cinematography alongside a beautiful soundtrack, but also displays the dedication of one of the best directors working today.

The point of the original story totally misinterpreted. The OG was about vengeance with forgiveness but at the end !! Why the need for so many Hollywood-style unnecessary story expansions (killed a bear on His own ??, why the need for killing soon ??, ..)? Too much alike "The Grey" movie and some parts, Obviously REPLICATED.Casting ?? Hardy 1a just perfect, wouldn't be a great choice for a lead roll. Di Caprio in my opinion not Appropriate (not man enough). Great picture, scenery.Acting;OK to great; with to much suffering on Leonardo face in some scenes.Biggest flaws .-Dead horse scene, haha common totally surrealistic. - artificial wind making is really a comedyBottom line: Boring stretched movie from a director that doesn't understand the true nature of NATURE. So Inarritu, please stick to urban environment, don't make a shame of yourself."The Edge"with A. Hopkins as lead role is far better movie and you should look up to it.

Well, well, well. I watched The Revenant on the recommendation of a friend who is usually spot on with his films. The film opens in great fashion, with an attack by the natives. The cinematography for this scene and the Bear attack was fantastic. The cast is extremely strong too, and the back drop is stunning a visually beautiful film, and that is where it ends. After the Bear attack,the film is one of the most boring films I have ever seen. If not for the above I would have given it 1/10. I have never seen such hype over such a bland film. There is no meaningful dialogue at any point of the film. There is no epic musical score, which a film like this craves, and worst of all, an extremely threadbare story. The Revenant is almost the abandoned love child of Wolverine and Last of the Mohicans. The entire film is extraordinarily unbelievable, with Glass being the man who can't die. If you want to watch two and a half hours of watching someone crawl around the floor, growl and dribble then head to your nearest city centre on a student night. It'll save you £25.

I went to this movie with high hopes. The trailers looked awesome and, after such classics as Inception, I would see anything with Hardy and Di Caprio. I left at the end of the movie, though, terribly terribly disappointed.Don't get me wrong; much of the movie is very strong: the sound design, the visuals, the strong sense of realism. As a travelogue for the wild mountains, it is superb.However, when I enter a cinema to watch a movie, I enter a contract with the director: I will give you my attention, reactions and engagement if you give me the opportunities to engage. I therefore expect that a director will give me character development, mystery, surprise, plot development, unexpected twists or one of the basic (and ancient - decent story telling is not a modern thing) elements of good stories. Engage me, Mister Director! Give me a reason to care! Make me remember - and rave about and love! - your movie for years to come! Let me know that part of your craft is a desire to please the audience! However, Revenant gives me none of that. Apart from one delightful, terribly short - and brutally terminated - moment of humour, there is nothing in this movie to engage me. There are no human connections, no surprises with the plot, no character development, no suspense, nothing that asks me to care.The characters remain flat and unchanging throughout and the end is obvious from early stages. The movie is a brutal, hyper-realistic and bleak exercise in portraying a series of events without ANY concern for the audience. It is, ultimately and sadly, tedious. It should really have finished after 1.5 hours, but dragged on for many dull minutes of Di Caprio being forced (by the director ultimately) into one life-threatening situation after another.As a technical exercise, this movie is superb. As a human story, it is empty and without heart.Avoid.

It remains hard to believe that Leonardo DiCaprio has won an Oscar, as he is in Hollywood one of the few actors who year after year a "risk having 'performance. For some he could get the statue as (The Departed, Catch Me If You Can), others are in terms of film less dividends despite its good role (The Aviator, The Great Gatsby). The fact is that he has no Oscar stand in his trophy case full, even if there may come with The Revenant finally change.The film tells the (remarkably true) story of adventurer and fur trader Hugh Glass. The viewer is thrown directly into the action with a beautifully filmed battle scene between the traders and the indigenous population. Glass and what is left of his group managed to escape by boat, but that all the drama begins. After finding a place to go ashore to explore the Glass project. In the forest, however, he encounters an angry grizzly bear attacking him to protect her little ones. Glass gets injured while so that it does not appear that he will survive. A number of men, including John Fitzgerald, indicates that it will continue to Glass in exchange for a nice sum of money. Give too much of what happens next, would be a shame. Without giving much price comes down to Glass still is left and he should see a way back to employment through the rugged landscape, where danger of nature and man constantly lurks.DiCaprio has after the attack the bear very little text in the film, since he can not talk his injuries. But he knows every feeling that Glass has his eyes and his grunts and groans make it clear. DiCaprio and his will to live are at the heart of the film. But Tom Hardy as Fitzgerald is almost as impressive. Hardy plays him thoroughly bad, but surely you can understand his motivation somewhere.But the best of The Revenant is that the wonderful acting hand in hand with the images of nature that take your breath away and continued to emphasize the bar the circumstances in which Glass is located. To make this as to capture (everything was filmed in natural light), were cast and crew during the filming also through hell. But these difficulties were worth it, the end result proves. Few movies you know as to give it the feel of nature as Inarritu's The Revenant. Not only in acting terms, we are dealing here with a special film as just be little, in cinematic terms it really is a masterpiece.Review by FilmTotaal

The Revenant tells the story of Hugh Glass, a frontiersman who is mauled by a bear and then left for dead by his hunting team. Following this, Glass goes on a harrowing journey through the wilderness to find and take revenge upon the man who left him to die. The Revenant is not so much a film as a simulator. As Leonardo DiCaprio lives in the wild, we live in the wild alongside him. We remain fully engaged in his story and thanks to the stunning direction, every scene in involving and we are there with the characters ever step of the way. Want to know what it's like to live in the Alaskan wilderness? Look no further. As for DiCaprio, he needs that Oscar now. He doesn't say much throughout the film, yet he remains an emotionally devastating, engaging and fully believable force of nature through the entire movie, and as a physical performance it's truly astonishing. The Revenant is not an easy watch. It's brutal, hard hitting and unbearably intense. To add to that it's also a pretty sad movie as well. You may not enjoy it, but most will be moved by it.It's not as good as Birdman, Alejandro González Iñárritu's last movie, since it's too long and at times is just a bit too much. It's not necessarily a film I'd be up for seeing again, but it's a monumental achievement. The lack of plot is effective and allows the film to focus on the hugely gut wrenching survival stuff while the themes of the movie are subtle, but they're definitely there. This is deep in some ways, but thankfully without shoving it down our throats. DiCaprio is backed by several other fine performances, but even with DiCaprio's amazing acting an argument could be made that Iñárritu is the star of the show alongside cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki. With some of the most amazing cinematography of recent years, and some of the most consistently involving, mind numbingly intense direction of the year, The Revenant is a visual marvel. Overall, it's a really, really good film with many incredible moments. It's bleak, breath-taking, powerful, ferocious and harrowing. And that's just the bear attack scene.9/10

I have to say that this movie was completely unoriginal and boring. There was nothing new with this film, and it had an incredibly shallow storyline. Don't get me wrong, the cinematography was gorgeous. That being said, if I wanted to see beautiful cinematography with no storyline I would watch Planet Earth, but in watching that I would also learn something about the world. There is nothing to learn from this film, and at the end of it you realize you never developed any emotional connection to a single character.I have the utmost respect for Leonardo DiCaprio, and I truly believe that he is one of the best actors of our time. As always, his performance lives up to expectations. That being said, good acting doesn't make a movie good, let alone great, and this movie wasn't even good. If you want to watch a revenge film with virtually no storyline, but with good acting and beautiful cinematography, then this is the film for you. If you want to watch a film that is so original and exciting that it draws you into another world then look elsewhere. I honestly wanted to like this film, but it was so cliché that...well just see for yourself. Go ahead and watch it, but don't have high expectations because you'll be disappointed.

I finished watching this film with mixed feelings. I loved its mood and aesthetics and I cannot get it out of my mind. Yet I did not like the film itself and I will explain why in the following. First of all, the most positively striking aspect of the film is its cinematography. Emmanuel Lubezki's style is so extraordinary and recognisable in other films as well, it is a whole different feeling to watch. On one hand it increases identification with the characters but it is also very smooth, flowing and takes you deeper into the action without you even noticing it at first. My favourite example is the vapour of breath on the camera. The other aspect I loved was sound, including music. The score turns certain scenes that lack emotion in image into a mood, a feeling itself, which is quite amazing as not many composers achieve this aim. Also sometimes you can faintly hear a tone, not a real melody and still that one tone causes extreme tension. Back to the sound itself, it is very visual and authentic, meaning you could watch many scenes, mostly the violent ones with your eyes shut and the sound would just perfectly tell you what is happening.Whether that is a good thing or not is subjective. It may have been a means to create realism but then again - sometimes sound or image, but not both, is perfectly enough. Personally, I thought the violence in The Revenant was downright disgusting and even though it depicts the main character's suffering, it is just too much, too blatant, seemed too meant for the effect of luridness. (SPOILER:) E.g. taking shelter in a horse (!). I was probably just blind to that symbolism.SPOILERS AHEAD: As so many people are expecting DiCaprio to get an Oscar for his performance in The Revenant, this being his fifth nomination, I was paying attention to that as well. DiCaprio has a very unlucky role here - it is at least the third time the character he is playing is having visions of a tragically deceased wife (Shutter Island, Inception, ...) - and the rest of the time his character, Glass, is dying and/or suffering. While he portrays that extraordinarily well, what I mean to say is, the character itself is rather stoic, not one that is ambiguous. He is fighting for his life, but where is the character development or dilemma etc?The mood of the film itself is fascinating, as said earlier, supported by the score that is very faint at certain times and heavy in other scenes. The film is a constant shift between contemplation and violence, sometimes even intertwining. The probably most memorable scene depicting this is the one in which Glass (delirious) is standing in front of a devastated church, with its bell ringing from the wind; a piece of Christian culture, slowly taken over by nature with trees growing between the stones. There, he suddenly sees his deceased son who is slowly approaching him and then hugs him. Glass cries and in the next shot you see him hugging one of the trees. This scene enhances such an aesthetically beautiful balance between life and death, culture and nature, but also the tension of the setting, with the two cultures fighting each other, one built on Christianity and art, the other living in and with nature. The scene depicts grief and revives the symbolism of the tree stretching throughout the entire film - all in all, it had a very deep impact on me.At last, I am trying to figure out what this film is trying to tell me. It depicts both mankind, both nature, in their ways; both can be very cruel and very kind. My concern is something Fitzgerald utters near the end - that Glass's journey, from the point he is left alone, is all about revenge. He has nothing to lose or to go for but to avenge the murder of his son. Yes, he does say in the end that it is not up to him to take revenge, but up to God. He does change his mind about killing Fitzgerald, as the Ree suddenly appear - a sign fate or God as Glass interprets it. But that does not justify the fact that he had put his own and the Captain's life at risk just to get revenge instead of 'putting it into God's hands' right from the start. Maybe this act of not killing Fitzgerald but letting him be killed might be seen as the character development I was so desperate to find, but it is still far from satisfactory. Assuming Glass defeats death and keeps going in order to seek revenge, this is a story of the weakness of man. There is no message in that, except that we are weak and affective.In the end I was wondering if I might not simply be too young for this film, just having started university. Studying philosophy and film I would have expected to cope with it more easily, but found it very disturbing and unsatisfactory instead. It gives no answers. Perhaps it is not trying to, just telling a story. But then it would be telling a 2.5h tale of revenge and that, again, is not very full of meaning.

Starting with "Titanic" in 1997, I grew up watching Leo's movies. He is a great actor; I hope no one denies that. This year marks his 6th Oscar nomination for Best Actor. But to say that he should win an Oscar for his portrayal of the bear-mauled hunter/fur trader Hugh Glass in "The Revenant" is an overstatement. This is, after all, an award category for best acting, not for physical suffering. I applaud Leo's dedication - freezing in the cold, eating raw bison, sleeping inside an animal carcass - all of which was difficult even to watch. Leo's lines were minimal due to the fact that his character's throat got ripped open by the bear. His acting also lacked depth; besides a very strong will to survive, I did not see anything unforgettable.Nominated for Best Supporting Actor, Tom Hardy, on the other hand, dominated the screen. Hardy's John Fitzgerald was not only believable but also relatable. Hardy, down to his facial expressions, gave us a flawed and vulnerable villain.I'm not discrediting the movie all together. The film, aesthetically speaking, was very enjoyable. Director Alejandro Iñárritu insisted on filming in natural light with simultaneous sound recording, and production took 9 long months. I have to give major props to the entire cast and crew for surviving such harsh conditions.I would rather Iñárritu win Best Director (but I'm really rooting for George Miller on this one) than having Leo win Best Actor. I know I am not of popular opinion this year. It was sad to watch him lose in 2015, but I want him to win one day for the best performance of his career, and this is not it.

A 2.5 hour harrowing walk in the woods...........that is basically the story.I realize that for the "pseudo intellectuals" who are all the black and white film converts,the cinematography has merit, that is if you live in a colorless world but I personally enjoy movies that have some color. By watching the film you will learn some survival techniques but really, is this what you want? There is walking and more walking with some gore (the highlights) in a bleak environment. Kudos to DiCaprio to have survived the filming in these conditions, but it wasn't deserving of a Golden Globe and certainly will not be deserving of an Oscar, although he will probably win it. The dialogue is non-existent, but grimaces of the painful experience seem to be what the film underlines. The film is way too long and quite boring. A DOWNER.

A slow, struggling movie with a purifying taste. The sun comes in to the picture, rising when the killing starts. It was very deep but slow. The chilly atmosphere fits perfect for the screen, the harsh storms, the never ending snowfall, the dreams of the dead loved ones form part of the weight which the protagonist carries all the journey and after a while we also start feeling this burden and carry on with him. But in my opinion the film is too long and slow. By the end of the movie I have noticed that I merely forgot the scars the grizzly bear left on Glass and that bear attack was a crucial point in the picture because lead to the main injury, the issue why Glass could not protect his son, Hawk from Fitzgerald. If you love Leo D you must not miss this movie. Thank you for reading.

The Revenant is based on true incidents. It is a rough hewn and visceral film of survival and revenge.Leonardo DiCaprio plays Hugh Glass a member of a fur trapping expedition escaping native Indians and who is viciously attacked by a grizzly bear. Gravely injured, a small party is left behind to care for him which includes his half Indian son and callous John Fitzgerald played by Tom Hardy who dislikes Glass and especially his son.After some time Fitzgerald leaves Glass for dead and kills his son and goes off to rejoin the main party. Glass does not die and wants vengeance.The film was shot in natural light and has wonderful cinematography, the CGI bear attack was very well done. Director Alejandro Iñárritu is on a high after his best Director Oscar win for Birdman last year.However looking at this, I just felt it was a well made, sturdy but overwrought and lengthy revenge flick. In fact with a heavily male cast I regarded this film as a box office risk, one of the only major female characters that it does have is seen to be getting raped.This is a gruelling picture of survival in harsh conditions but strangely empty despite the pained performances from DiCaprio and Hardy.I actually found when Captain Andrew Henry (Domhnall Gleeson) set out to apprehend Fitzgerald at the end rather laughable as it was so incompetently done. Not only was Fitzgerald allowed to escape from the fort as he was not guarded, nor was the money which was also stolen by him but he does not take a garrison with him when searching for Fitzgerald. It was a rather blunt attempt by the script to have a final fact to face showdown by the two protagonists.

When I left the cinema I actually didn't know what to say about this film. I was speechless but not because the film had blown me away but because I wasn't sure what I'd just seen. The film is visually stunning. I don't think I have ever seen such a beautiful movie. The landscape, the scenery, everything was just perfect. However, that's about all. The storyline isn't great and in parts is extremely slow. Some scenes were just weird such as when Dicaprio's character sees his departed wife/lover floating above him and then has a conversation with her in a language we can't understand and there's no subtitles. Very strange. Another failure is the lack of hatred towards Tom Hardy's character. The whole film is about Leonardo Dicaprio's character seeking him out for revenge after Tom Hardy kills his son. The lack of hate means audiences don't really care enough if Dicaprio gets to have his revenge or not. Leonardo Dicaprio acting is very good despite the fact he hardly speaks, simply grunting most of the time. I think he'll win the Oscar but it's certainly not his best film. The bear scene is extremely well done and certainly is one of the best parts of the movie. Overall, I was disappointed.

I'm not really sure why I went and saw this film, or what to even expect. I guess the title attracted me a little, namely because it refers to a mythological undead creature who returns to enact revenge upon somebody. The idea is that the revenant has had such an injustice committed against it that it cannot rest in peace until that injustice has been rightened, and the injustice usually involves some sort of murder (either against the revenant or somebody close to it), and the vengeance usually involves the murder of the perpetrators of that injustice.Basically that is what this movie is about, though the main character, Hugh Glass, isn't actually killed (but he comes pretty close to being in such a state). Basically he is a member of a fur trapping party that is attacked by native Americans (who are hunting the kidnappers of one of their daughters) and are forced to flee across the wilderness back to their home base. On the way Glass is attacked and mauled by a bear, but manages to survive – barely (and I must admit that the scene where we was being mauled by the bear was brilliant). However it becomes increasingly clear that it is going to be difficult, if not impossible, to get him back home, so they leave him with a couple of others until help arrives (or until he dies, whichever comes first). Mind you, one of the guys, Fitzgerald, isn't a big fan of Glass, so when the others have left, he kills Glass's son, and then buries Glass alive.The rest of the movie is basically Glass crawling his way across the frozen wilderness seeking to avenge the murder of his son. In fact the first half of the movie is the lead up to him being left for dead, and the rest of the movie is him (and the others) making their way back to the fort. To say that it does drag on a bit is an understatement. Okay, it doesn't drag on in the sense that it is boring, but it does feel that it probably could have been a lot shorter. Mind you, we are talking about a movie that goes on for about two hours, and I'm not sure how much of the movie was needed (though I suspect that the original idea could have been a lot longer). Still, I guess the length of the movie is supposed to give us the impression of how sparse and empty this wilderness is, and the amount of time that it actually takes to return to civilisation.A part of me also felt that there may have been a couple of anachronisms. In fact for much of the movie I was trying to work out in which year it was set, and the reason that I was a little confused was because the Indians were seeking out some French fur traders (and these fur traders appear every so often). The odd thing I found is that the French had sold the Louisiana Territories to the United States in the early 19th Century, though I suspect that there were probably still a number of French fur trappers lurking around their afterwards (it is unlikely that all of the French living there packed up and went home as soon as Napoleon sold the territories to the United States).In the end it was an okay movie. At times it felt like a western, though with most westerns the underlying theme is the idea of taming the west and bringing civilisation to the wilderness. In this film it is a battle against the wilderness and the wilds, but also the desire of one man to seek vengeance against the murder of his son. In a way he is over coming the harsh reality of the empty (and cold) wilderness to see vengeance done, to overcome the human limitations (we are always confronted with the reality that this is a cold and desolate place). The fact that he manages to survive the freezing climate to finally confront his enemy goes to show the length that some people will go to to seek vengeance.

It was just over a year ago that renowned Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu brought us "Birdman", a fantastic and audacious dark comedy that deserved every one of it's 4 Oscars which included Best Picture and Best Director. He's a filmmaker that has built up a reputation for being very nihilistic and bleak in his approach to his work, often leaving viewers feeling rather inhospitable. And whilst "Birdman" was a drastic and welcome change to his style, with "The Revenant" he has crafted a sprawling, violent and visceral epic that is an experience like no other.The film is set in the 1820's and follows American frontiersman Hugh Glass who is mauled by a Grizzly Bear whilst hunting in the frigid, mountainous landscapes. Left for dead by his fellow hunters and witnessing his son killed by one of them, he embarks on an agonizing journey through treacherous winter conditions as he seeks revenge and justice.The opening sequence sets the tone right from the off, as we're introduced to Glass through a stunning dream sequence in which his wife and son are present. Many familiar with Terrence Malick's work will immediately find semblance in the way a majority of scenes in the film are put forward; dainty close-ups projecting a wide array of human expression and emotions, and appreciation of the beautiful nature that surrounds them. Shot in pure natural light, cinematographer Emmanuel 'Chivo' Lubezki masterfully captures every facet of the awe-inspiring but harsh exterior which almost feels like a character of it's own. In a growing list of sublimely lensed films by Lubezki, this may be his most impressive and personal work to date.DiCaprio has made no secret of the tribulations that he endured making this movie, going as far as to saying that he almost died a couple of times. And watching him as Hugh Glass, it's not hard to understand why it was such a difficult shoot but which I think will ultimately turn out to be very rewarding. He immerses himself fully into the role, whether it be crawling on rough terrain, relaying maximal anguish and pain or trying escape from the glacial waters, it's a role like nothing he has ever taken on before. It's the perfect example of a part that is dependent on the actor being able to transmit their character's identity to the audience in an almost 100% physical manner. DiCaprio embodies Glass with the utmost devotion and this may finally be his ticket to long awaited Oscar glory.The rest of the cast also do very solid work. Tom Hardy's intuitive and fierce charisma jumps off the screen once again as an unhinged and villainous entity. His disheveled appearance also gave him an extra layer of cruelness. And Domhnall Gleeson, who's enjoyed a great year, ends it with another impressive turn as the stout Captain of the hunting troupe. This is not a film for the faint-hearted; it's savage and austere. Yet amongst all of the brutality, one cannot ignore the lyrical visual splendor that is present in every frame. Iñárritu isn't afraid to show his spiritual hand here; in fact he embraces it. It's a story of survival. It's a story of one being able to find peace with themselves. And it's a story of what nature means to our world and how stunning and savage it can be. "The Revenant" is a spellbinding piece of cinema.

The Revenant is an almost seemingly impossible movie to make. Long stretches of quiet, lonely time in a world that seems so distant from the one that we live in now. But behind the task of bringing the wilderness to life and giving it the screen time it deserves, is a story almost too good to be true. If there is one duo capable of taking on this task it is the director and cinematographer, Alejandro G. Iñárritu and Emmanuel Lubezki. They brought this movie to life in ways I wound never have imagined. You really feel like Hugh Glass is right there next to you. When he gets injured you feel it, when he succeeds its like you do too. On top of an already beautiful looking movie from top to bottom,the cast is also at top notch. Leo turns in a terrific performance as Hugh Glass, aside from it being a bit overplayed in certain spots and the fact that it is difficult to not see him as the most famous actor on the planet, it is one of his most memorable performances. Will Poulter, and Domhnall Gleeson also turn in strong supporting performances but the real display here is from Tom Hardy. While he has always been good at playing the villain, never has he been so right for a role as this one. You will truly grow to despise his character and love every second of it. While their is not much writing to speak of, the two and a half hour run time seems to fly by. Iñárritu is cementing his name as one of the top directors going right now, and this movie really shows off how far he is willing to go. There are so many little touches that make this move feel as real as possible, from only using natural light to the long cold shoots, Iñárritu pushed these actors to the brink, and I think the movie is better for it. Back to the look of the film, it really is one of the best looking films of all time. Everything is captured with great expanse and fluidity. Some long shot scenes without cuts are mesmerizing and jaw dropping. These two got it right last year with Birdman, and they have taken the talent and moved it outside of the theater. It may be difficult to watch other movies for a while after viewing the Revenant. Nothing will come close to the expansiveness of Iñárritu's wilderness. The realism alone will make most other movies look silly. One of the few problems I thought plagued The Martian was that I never really felt alone up on Mars. Contact always seemed far too accessible. In the Revenant There is a real feeling of desperation and loneliness that is incredibly hard to accomplish. This movie is a real cinema masterpiece, and while not a perfect 10/10 it is still a must see movie this year.

Glass (Leonardo Di Caprio) is a scout working for a company that collects and sells fur pelts. His task is to protect his group and guide them safe. Things go bad once they are attacked by Indians that want to steal their pelts. 33 out of 45 die and the rest, along with Glass and his Indian son Hawk are left trying to get back to the fort safely. Fitzerald (Tom Hardy) is not keen of Glass as we understand from the very first moments, and he is actually the villain in this story. Not long after the attack Glass left the group to scout the territory and is viciously attacked by a grizzly bear. He's found almost dead and after given some basic medical care he is carried by his peers, on their way to the fort. The Indians that attacked them are still searching for them, and they are on foot, and after seeing it is almost impossible to keep going with having to carry Glass all the way, they assign a smaller group of 3 persons to assist him. His son Hawk, a young kid and also Fitzerald that actually volunteered (for a fee) to safely bring Glass home. Of course bringing him back was never his real intention so at the first opportunity he tried to take the life of Glass through suffocation and kills his son Hawk for trying to stop him. Then lied to the other kid that was accompanying them that Indians were coming and left on a hurry leaving Glass to die. But Glass is not dead yet and this is where the movie actually starts, with Glass trying to save himself, return to the fort and of course get revenge from Fitzerald. The photography of the film is amazing, the direction of course too. The acting is perfect from both our leads (Di Caprio and Hardy) and we already know that Di Caprio is a candidate for the Oscar. As much as I'd like him to get it (cause he deserved one so far) and as much as I liked his performance, I'm not convinced for an Oscar. Definitely a candidate though. Hardy on the other hand could easily get one for a supporting role too. My score is 7/10 for the movie cause, as much I liked it, I found it too long and had many inconsistencies in the script that I could not overlook. First of all this guy should be dead. But even if he isn't, he should be crippled. We see him crawling for most of the second act, after he was left for dead. My thought was that how is he going to pull this off while crawling the rest of the movie? Well, to my surprise, he started to stand and then walk just a few scenes later! Although we do not have a time reference, it is obvious we are only a few days apart from the day he could not walk or catch a breath or move his hands. It would make much more sense if he would be able to stand and later walk AFTER he crawled all his way to the Indian friend he made, that fed him, carried him on a horse and fixed his wounds with affection. I also do not understand why he was eating raw meat (and vomiting with disgust) when fires were lit all around him. It would take a moment only to get some cooked meat. Also, why would they act like crazy when they found water, when they had fire anytime they wanted and unlimited snow all around? Why wouldn't they store some meat from the huge animal they were eating (it is freezing cold so it would stay in edible condition for months) and had to eat roots only one scene later? Those things and a few more led to a 7/10 score. But if you can overlook those and let Mr Inaritu carry you away with his vivid direction then you are definitely going to receive at a great cinematic experience.

Leo Di Caprio stars as Hugh Glass, a man who survives a grizzly attack, falling down a waterfall, an attack by the Indians and falling down a cliff (while on his horse) just in order to get back at Fitzgerald(Tom Hardy). This being a Hollywood film, it's not very hard to guess who will have the last laugh, in spite of all the obstacles that one could only survive in CGI. And don't even get me started on Glass' ability to miraculously recover from each near- fatal injury in no time and just keep crawling and panting through snow and ice. Even if one looks past all that (if you want real life, you don't go to a cinema in the first place anyway), the other flaw of the film is that you don't really feel anything for the characters. With everything favoring your sympathies for Glass, he doesn't pull it off, since he hardly say anything for the whole duration of the movie, and his relationship to his son doesn't come off as emotional/warm enough in order to justify going through so much effort to revenge his death. That being said, there's one thing though that I enjoyed immensely- the breathtaking photography that makes you easily fall in love with Canadian forests and mountains. If you ignore the ridiculous plot, this comes off as a true love letter to the marvels of nature and its cruel beauty.

Extremely bleak, exceedingly brutal & exceptionally cold-blooded, The Revenant is that savage beast that charges at you with relentless fury, mauls you from head to toe without mercy, and leaves you utterly bruised, broken & helpless in the freezing cold of a harsh winter. Absolutely uncompromising with its content, unflinchingly raw in its depiction, and pushing its cast & crew to their limit, Alejandro G. Iñárritu's latest is one of the most harrowing films ever made.Inspired by true events & based on the novel of the same name, the story of The Revenant takes place in the 1820s and follows Hugh Glass, a frontiersman who, during the expedition of the uncharted American wilderness, gets viciously attacked by a bear and is left for dead by members of his hunting team. In an effort to survive, Glass endures unimaginable grief & extreme winter conditions in order to bring vengeance upon those who betrayed him & also murdered his son.Co-written & directed by Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu who's distinguished for his ruthless, evocative style of filmmaking, bleak subject matters, and themes relating to death, loss & redemption, The Revenant exhibits all these trademarks and is quite possibly his most distressing film to date for Iñárritu here aims to capture the pain & suffering in the harshest of conditions in the most unforgivable manner possible, and delivers a cinema that's undeniably difficult to endure but also hard to look away from.The script packs in an icy cold revenge dish set against the backdrop of remorseless surroundings in an era marred with conflict, carnage & cruelty. The punishing cold, desolate locations & lack of civilisation brings an authenticity of its own. The whole film is shot using only natural light and with Emmanuel Lubezki behind the camera, each frame is crisply photographed, the cold colour palette is brilliantly utilised, and there are several long takes that make you wonder how those sequences were filmed with such effectiveness.Clocking in at 156 minutes, The Revenant is a long film to sit through but the drama manages to be so absorbing that its lengthy runtime is barely felt. The slow pace allows it to be a more immersive experience, and also helping the ordeal is its arresting cinematography which works in contrast with the unadulterated brutality that's on display here. The background score is mesmerising and emits a sense of warmth but it makes its presence felt only intermittently. However, those flashback scenes don't add much to the story and should've been left out.Coming to the performances, The Revenant features an excellent cast in Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson & Will Poulter, and this is one aspect that plays to Iñárritu's strengths as a filmmaker. DiCaprio delivers a powerhouse performance that makes the viewers feel every bit of agony his character undergoes in what is, without a shadow of a doubt, his toughest on-screen work to date as this actor gives his all to play his role from inside out. Hardy is no slouch in his supporting role and plays the antagonist with great restraint, while Gleeson & others do well with what they are given.On an overall scale, The Revenant is another gritty, unrelenting & audacious piece of filmmaking from Alejandro G. Iñárritu that finds the director in sublime form and also happens to be his most direct & accessible film to date. Definitely not for the easily distressed, this thrilling story of survival & retribution is destined to upset many viewers with its graphic nature of storytelling but for those who can manage to stay on board, it will be rewarding on more levels than one. Marking another artistic high for both Iñárritu & Lubezki and catapulted to a greater level by DiCaprio's extraordinary performance, The Revenant is one of the finest films of 2015 and certainly one of the proudest in the careers of its cast & crew. Strongly recommended.

The trailer for Revenant is very misleading. It would have you believe this film is full of fighting scenes, battles and generally action. It's not. It's mostly about one man's struggle against nature. Overcoming his weakness and injuries in his drive for revenge and survival. The majority of the film is slow-paced and focused on the incredible willpower of the protagonist. Seeing this film on the big screen can be overwhelming. The brutal, realistic scenes, close-up shots of actors' faces, perfectly showing the struggle and pain they experience, and the incredibly harsh environment, make for one of the most memorable cinematic experiences this year. As can be expected from DiCaprio and Hardy, the acting is phenomenal. One can almost feel the pain, the cold, the hunger and the fear they experience. The camera captures all this perfectly, as well as showing beautiful scenery and biting winter weather, all filmed using only natural light. The plot, despite being quite simple, keeps the viewers on the edge of their seats, rooting for the hero's survival and admiring every time he manages to get up and keep going. The one criticism would be about the realism of all the misfortune, that befalls DiCaprio's character. There are points where it is really too much for one man to endure and the opinion of the antagonist, that "there is no way he could survive that" seems quite correct. Another thing to note: this is not a film for the squeamish. The graphic, bloody scenes involving both humans and animals do not hold back in realism.

Leo is a decent actor and has hardly ever been great. The cinematography and/or wilderness was a huge bonus as it adds a vast mystery to this story. He did alright in this one. The movies he's been in may have been Good, but his acting no so much. Although, he was pretty good in...that wallstreet movie and D'Jango Unchained but that's it. I think (I can't at the moment think of others). As to detail to Revenant, it is boring and tedious, never really developing anything but Leos character' retribution or revenge. The bear scene was good but not movie-making magic, as another review says. While I appreciate the ordeal the real man had to endure, the movie simply lacked character.

The whole movie revolves around a mishap and the betrayal of a few!Brilliant cinematography, acting and filming. This movie is so well made that it will give you chills while watching. Not even once I felt bored or lack of interest. Kudos to the scriptwriters and directors!Mark L. Smith (screenplay) Alejandro González Iñárritu (screenplay/director) Michael Punke (Novelist)If Leonardo does not get an Oscar for his spine chilling role for 'The Revenant' then Oscar Awards ceremony should be closed!I would say a must watch!!

Rambo is more realistic than this. No more words needed. It spoils the scenery. It spoils the acting. And speaking of acting. Why Leo gets an Oscar for this movie is unclear to me, especially considering his character doesn't appear to be the main one either. There are so many other great films where he deserved an Oscar for. This is not one of them.I still can't get over the incredibly unrealistic story portrayed here. Do they really expect the audience to just believe in everything? This could have been so much better. Think of the Last of the Mohicans. Now that's a great movie!Don't bother with this 2:36h movie.

In 1823, a party of trappers under the command of Captain Andrew Henry hunt for pelts in the unsettled wilderness of the northern Louisiana Purchase. When Arikara Native Americans launch a surprise attack on the party's camp, many of the trappers are slaughtered and the survivors flee on a boat. At the recommendation of the party's guide and most experienced hunter Hugh Glass, who has knowledge of the area and natives, they abandon the boat and begin the journey back to their outpost, Fort Kiowa, on foot. The decision bothers some, particularly John Fitzgerald, who is hostile towards Glass's half-native son Hawk, as he was partially scalped by natives years prior.While scouting ahead, Glass is ambushed by a grizzly bear after disturbing her cubs. He manages to kill her but is badly mauled; the party discover him close to death and carry him on a makeshift stretcher. Fitzgerald argues that Glass will not survive his injuries and that they should kill him to speed their journey. Unable to kill Glass, Henry offers payment for several men to stay behind with him instead. Fitzgerald, Hawk and the young Jim Bridger volunteer. Henry has Fitzgerald promise to stay with Glass until he dies and give him a proper burial.Once alone with Glass, Fitzgerald reveals his intention to smother him. Claiming that it will save Hawk, Fitzgerald pressures Glass into compliance. However, Glass watches helplessly as Hawk arrives during the act only to be killed in the ensuing struggle. When Bridger returns, Fitzgerald says Hawk is missing, and Glass is too injured to protest. Later, Fitzgerald lies that the Arikara are nearby and that they must abandon Glass; he drags Glass into a shallow grave. Bridger hesitates but flees with Fitzgerald, leaving Glass with his canteen. Glass crawls out of the grave and walks through the woods for days, haunted by visions of his deceased Native wife. He escapes the Arikara, whose chief is searching for his kidnapped daughter Powaqa, by floating down rapids.On their way to Fort Kiowa, Bridger realizes that Fitzgerald lied, but Fitzgerald intimidates him into silence. When they arrive at the fort, Fitzgerald tells Henry that Glass succumbed to his wounds and that Hawk was likely attacked by the Arikara. Henry pays Fitzgerald his reward, but Bridger refuses payment.Glass encounters Hikuc, a friendly Pawnee who shares bison meat with him. Hikuc too has lost family, but says that "revenge is in the Creator's hands." The two travel together on horseback, and Hikuc builds Glass a shelter during a blizzard. Glass wakes to find Hikuc hanged by a group of French pelt hunters. He infiltrates the camp and sees the leader raping Powaqa. He frees her, kills two hunters, and retakes Hikuc's horse, leaving behind Bridger's canteen. He encounters the Arikara again and escapes by galloping off a cliff, killing the horse and injuring himself further. He survives the night by sheltering inside the horse's carcass.At Fort Kiowa, a lone hunter arrives carrying Bridger's canteen. Believing it was stolen from Hawk, Henry organizes a search party and leaves to find him. Fitzgerald, realizing that Glass is alive, steals the fort's money and escapes. Henry's search party discovers Glass and brings him to the fort. Furious, Henry charges Bridger with treason, but Glass assures Henry that Fitzgerald lied to him. Glass insists on joining Henry to find Fitzgerald. After they split up while tracking him, Fitzgerald ambushes Henry. Glass finds him dead and scalped.By pretending to be dead, Glass ambushes Fitzgerald and shoots him in the shoulder. He chases him into the woods and they engage in a bloody fight on a river bank. Glass is about to kill Fitzgerald, but remembers Hikuc's words and pushes him downstream into the hands of the Arikara. The chief, accompanied by Powaqa, scalps and kills Fitzgerald but spares Glass. Glass walks away and collapses. He has a vision of his wife, who smiles at him before disappearing into the woods. You peoples should watch this movie.It was phenomenal 10/10!!.
