
I was very skeptical about this movie from the very beginning, because I thought that this would probably be a dumb monster movie with a similar theme like "Beauty and the Beast". However, I was very surprised when I saw the movie and think that it was brilliant!After reading the reviews on this site, it is my understanding that many people that saw this move completely misunderstood it, both the people that loved it and the ones who hated it. The theme of the movie is not something similar to Beauty and the Beast for those who might think that! There are several themes in this movie, but the overall theme is about minorities and how privileged people view those who are different. However to make this message more clear the movie is set in the 1960's, where minorities were generally marginalized. The lead character Elisa Esposito is a mute woman, who was an orphaned child that was found in a river with wounds on her neck and communicates through sign language. She works in a government laboratory as a cleaning lady. Her friends are her co-worker Zelda, a black woman who serves as an interpreter for Elisa, and her next-door neighbor Giles, a closeted gay man. Elisa discovers a mysterious creature in the facility and begins to bond with it. The creature is a mute humanoid amphibian that was captured in a river in South America by Strickland, who is in charge of the project to study it.Elisa is the main protagonist in this story, and together with Zelda and Giles, they represent a social minority. Women, handicapped people, black people and gay people are all amongst those that were outcast by society at the time. On the other hand, there is Strickland who is the main antagonist in the story and he represents the privileged people at the time. He is a white man in a privileged position, married with children, religious, and is hostile to those who are not like him. He treats the creature hostilely, beats and abuses it, and calls it a monster.When Elisa learns that Strickland plans to vivisect the creature, she hatches a plan with the help of her friends to free the creature and keeping it in a bathtub at her apartment and planning to set it free in the ocean. Elisa and the creature bond romantically and it is revealed that the creature has healing powers.When the day arrives to set the creature free, Strickland arrives and shoots Elisa and the creature. The creature heals itself and kills Strickland. The creature takes Elisa and jumps into the ocean where it heals her. When the creature applies his healing touch to the scars on her neck, she starts to breathe through gills.Here is the TWIST: This scene reveals that Elisa was of the same kind as the creature all along. She just had a more human like form than the creature. There are different clues throughout the film. She was found as child next to a river like the creature. She was found with the "scars" on her neck and they turned out to be dormant gills as the creature healed her. She was mute like the creature. She loved being in water as shown in her morning habits. She was initially attracted to the creature whereas most people would fear it. She comes from a Spanish speaking country, as her last name is Spanish whereas the creature was found in a river in South America.The creature itself and Elisa represent a minority, as they are alike. The fact that the creature is different yet human like, symbolizes how privileged people viewed minorities at the time. The point of the monster is simply to symbolize how we sometimes view other people that are different from us.The message of the story is this: You view other people that are different from yourself as "monsters" if you don't try to understand them. However, if you try to understand people who are different from yourself, then you will see that we are basically all alike even though we look different.I think this movie was brilliant and very clever. Guillermo Del Toro did a great job. It is definitely a movie worth watching.This is my point of view and I hope that you found this helpful.

Diabetics beware, you're in for a saccharine flavoured heap of mush.The Shape of Water was directed/created by Guillermo Del Toro best known for creepy and violent films such as Pan's Labyrinth and more mainstream writings such as Hellboy and The Hobbit. For some reason he has had a dose of the lovestrucks and written a film that is basically Amelie meets Creature from the Black Lagoon. There are a couple of questionable violent scenes (torturing a dying man by dragging him around via a bullet wound to the cheek had a touch of the old GDT that we know and love) but the plot literally has no surprises whatsoever. I picked the minor twist about 10 minutes in, and spent the second half of the film waiting for it to be over. I am sorry to say the only interesting part was the reveal (not literally) of the sea creature's penis via the main character's description which is frankly hilarious. Octavia Spencer does a fantastic job of playing herself (Was this woman born middle aged?) but let's face it we love her anyway. I would love her to be my best friend, she's a hoot.Michael Shannon (whom I remember from Take Shelter and Boardwalk Empire) plays a creepy bad guy in a way that makes me never want to have him around for Christmas lunch. Why does he always play someone sexually awkward? I pray we'll never find out. I was most disappointed that unlike Pan's Labyrinth and some of the other films GDT has made it's not set in a fantastical different world. It's basically the 1950s cold war era in USA with no real pretense of being anything but. I was hoping for a magical realism, but other than the creature, there's no otherworldliness to it. I am a solid romantic, but I found the plot so saccharine that it made me feel nauseous. There is also a sudden musical number that almost had me running for the aisle, and my sister desperate to see my husband's face (He's allergic to musicals generally). Apart from this light relief, I couldn't wait to get out of there.I am pretty alone in this opinion, our party was split between 3 people who loved it, and my husband and I who hated it. Maybe if I hadn't seen other GDT films I would have liked it more. My husband also thought the trailer completely misrepresented what he expected from the film. So maybe we were in the wrong movie. But I think romance lovers won't like the art house element, and art house/GDT fans won't like this film. So I think commercially it will be hard to place.

Highly overrated movie with mostly no surprise, forgettable acting and disappointing visuals. Loved Shannon's performance and Del Toro's depiction of Strickland though, both bold and so cliche that you can't take your eyes off that character.

I was taught before criticism that you should first bring up the good points. Good points: Cinematography, good actors, great old movie clips and music, great sets, good costumes, and an extremely promising storyline. Unfortunately, this movie missed, when it really could have, and SHOULD have, hit. 
I think from now on I'll choose my movies based upon how they're doing at the box office, and not based on reviews. It seems to be a better indicator of what the public REALLY thinks about a film. 
We're at week 3 and (for such a seemingly magnificent film), The Shape of Water hasn't even broken even. A telling clue. Budget:$19,400,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend USA: $166,564, 3 December 2017, Limited Release
Gross USA: $12,140,155, 28 December 2017Personally, I found it contrived, unbelievable, and just plain stupid. Where to start? 
A cookie cutter "Beauty and the Beast" love story with too many holes. I never caught on to the burgeoning romance. Somehow it just fell flat for me. It was already a mediocre movie when they did that ridiculous black & white dance sequence, which was so far out of place, I lost all interest. The music and old film clips were great, but what were they thinking? Were they trying to cash in on some La La Land success? Or was it supposed be some allusion to Cinderella's ball? It would have made more sense as a dream sequence either where Hawkins had dozed off during a flick, or in the bathtub. 
Ew. Were the masturbation scenes really necessary? I can't see where they drove the plot. 
Are we supposed to believe a creature like that could or would run into a theatre, leaving a blood trail no less, without being seen by ANYONE? Then he just stands watching a film. (All the while knowing he was in danger from humans and he needed to get to water)? All this, and the projectionist doesn't notice? Where are the film patrons? How'd he get IN without being noticed by anyone? An unlocked door? What would be the purpose of having a box office if you're going to leave an access door unlocked? 
Are we supposed to believe that the creature, being so sick and weak that he must be released immediately, suddenly has superhuman strength after some strange (and inexplicable) resurrection event following his "death"? 
And are we supposed to believe that you could pull a full grown man via a bullet hole in his cheek? (You'd rip right through.)
Are we supposed to believe that the best friend wouldn't have freaked out about the coitus? In her eyes, wasn't it more an animal. At the very least, one would expect her to broach the subject of pregnancy. 
How did those two remain standing in the bathroom? The force of the water would have carried them out. If it was pressing that much on the door, the window should have blown. 
Why didn't Richard Jenkins appear to grieve at all regarding his cat?
And why? Oh WHY? Couldn't they just release him directly into the ocean immediately, rather than wait for the locks to fill. I mean the water was RIGHT THERE. They could have made a bath in the back of the van, and just got him to the coast. 
On and on I could go, but I'm done with my rant. Save your money. If you want dumbed down fantasy get the Hallmark channel. At least you know you're getting purely pleasant drivel, instead of wasting your money and being grossly disappointed.

This movie sucks- the Academy must be on drugs to give this an award

This has absolutely so much going for it - beautifully filmed, with a magnificent, sweeping score and a stunning performance from Sally Hawkins - but crashes and burns in sentiment, cliché and cartoon supporting acts. It comes across, ultimately, as a cack-handed mash up of "E.T.", "Splash" and "The Creature From the Black Lagoon", as an aquatic man is captured and brought into a secret military American laboratory in the 1960s at the height of the cold war, and Sally Hawkins' mute cleaner develops a bond with it and, ultimately, falls in love.Sounds interesting, doesn't it? It certainly has potential, but if the sassy black friend, constantly yammering on about her feckless husband (Octavia Spencer, surely tiring of this kind of role) doesn't get you, or the inefficient gay neighbour/best friend (Richard Jenkins - not his finest two hours) or Michael Shannon's cartoonish, 2D villain, then stay tuned for the ghastly black-and-white fantasy dance number, in which Hawkins and the creature cavort on an elaborate set like Astaire and Rogers. It truly is a ghastly mis-step, jaw-droppingly stupid. The film never really recovered for me, and it lumbered to its predictable climax and ending with numbing melodramatics and sentiment.

As the director of the highest class, Guillermo del Toro showed himself at the beginning of his career when he happened to put a charming Chronos and truly frightening "Mutants", which allowed the Mexican master to gain a foothold on American soil and continue further creative research. Each film del Toro, whether it be frightening mysticism, horror or screen adaptation of a graphic novella, has a powerful emotional charge, profound reasoning and breaking any barriers by the power of love, to which the director has a special relationship. Invariably putting his hand to writing the script, the director does everything necessary for the veil of special effects to reveal the true feelings between intelligent creatures who understand the true value of relations between loved ones. For del Toro, it is not important what kind of love grows in his paintings. It can permeate the relationship of a man and a woman, or vice versa, have a strong kinship. Value has only a manifestation of its essence in all sensual beauty. And then even the most impenetrable gloom retreats to the side, leaving only light on the review, which it is not possible to overcome other feelings. "Hellboy", "Labyrinth of the Faun", "Crimson Peak" and other author's achievements del Toro always attracted special attention from the audience. When the director could bypass the intrusive attention of producers, a truly unforgettable show comes from under his hands. The same is the "Form of water", a rich, catchy and at the same time delicate work that keeps us in suspense until the very end.So, the plot of the film unfolds in the early 60s of the last century and introduces us to the silent cleaning lady Eliza Ezpozito (Sally Hawkins), who managed to get a job in a secret government laboratory. Having found herself far from the city noise and a society that she can not accept the way she is, Sally is sitting out at work all day long and tries to do everything necessary to avoid paying too much attention to her. And let the work with the mop and buckets do not bring her special pleasure, the heroine finds time to delve into her own thoughts and create in the imagination a wonderful world in which no one else can penetrate her. Having no close friends, much less a lover, Eliza tries to look for joy in sheer little things and for a long time nothing foreshadowed the rapid development in her personal relationships, when suddenly the girl seems to know the most important secret around which the secret laboratory's activities are built. It turns out that under the care of the sinister Colonel Strickland (Michael Shannon) is a sensible amphibian (Doug Jones), an unknown creature trapped in a closed reservoir and amenable to constant experiments. Accidentally meeting with the marvelous creature with a glance, Eliza suddenly realizes that this meeting is far from accidental and it is quite possible that a feeling arises between it and the amphibian, which can not be designated otherwise than love. And when it becomes known that the underwater guest faces a deadly danger, Eliza will not sit aside, since for the first time in her life she has found a soul mate and is ready to sacrifice everything for the sake of her salvation.
"The shape of the water", undoubtedly, stands out with special importance against the background of the other works of Del Toro, since it was born at the moment when its creator had already visited the peak of universal adoration, and then dabbed the reputation with ambiguous projects and decisions that called doubts. But for all his creative mistakes Del Toro not only did not lower his hands, but became only a more perspicacious and skilful creator, who with each new work is put more inspired and restless. Seeing us in the world of brutal servicemen, unfortunate cleaners and innocent magical creatures, the master used the motifs of classical drama and tragedy, surprised with serious emotional strokes and was not afraid to demonstrate strong feelings with all the staging power that not only amazes but also frightens, Like a real horror film. And in order for all the elements of the "Formula of Water" to converge, Del Toro needed exceptional actors, able to revive his characters and create experiences that would not have to be doubted. Fortunately, his idea interested only in respectable performers who could easily abandon a large fee in favor of serving the arts.Sally Hawkins, the confident and sought-after actress, who rarely trusts roles in big blockbusters, of course, became the soul of this film, but her talent and ability to get used to the images gradually becomes legendary. Agreeing to embody Del Toro's fantasies in life, Hawkins played a strikingly sensual role that attracts maximum attention and makes her soul sympathize with the tragedy of the unhappy girl's relationship with a creature from a different world. In turn, a good friend of the director, Doug Jones, was no less brilliant party to match Hawkins, and thereby allowed the actress to reveal the full range of dramatic experiences through the impeccable performance of the image of an amphibian man who caused in a dumb beauty a storm of unprecedented emotions for her. For obvious reasons, we again do not see the true appearance of Jones, but he has repeatedly performed in front of the camera a variety of strange creatures and in the "Formula of Water" reached the apogee of skill, after which it will be difficult for him to play a piercing role.In the end, I want to say that the "Form of Water" tells us a love story that is simple and yet unprecedentedly beautiful and soulful. Guillermo del Toro shot the film the way he himself wanted and thanks to this "Form of Water" looks like a really chic authoring film.

While the basic premise of this King Kong-ish plot, the lead acting (with the exception of the stereotypical and WAY overplayed villain), and the recreation of the 60's time period are all somewhat worthy (three stars worth), there are many oddly-forced and clunky scenes all of which impede the storytelling flow and represent a serious distraction: Gratuitous gore (rotting fingers, headless kitty), homosexual innuendo, masturbation, a bathroom that will hold 7 feet of water by simply closing the door and putting a towel under it, inter-species love at first sight sexual attraction and off-screen consummation, and a Saturday-Night-Live-like song and dance skit (?), among several others. Even with the love-conquers-all 'happy ending' and a beautifully depicted submerged in water embrace final scene,' overall it doesn't digest well.P.S. The shill-like adoration of just the titles alone (!) of most of the 10/10 user ratings for this film are absurdly hilarious, their effusively giddy text even more so.

G. Del Toro has been frequently fawned over as a 'masterful story teller'. I found nothing 'masterful' about it. I absolutely could not hook in to this film. It made no logistical sense at all. It also had a dark and cartoonish feel to it like a Bat Man film. The setting in which the story takes place is deeply flawed. Eliza (the dumb one), and Zelda (Octavia Spencer) work as cleaning ladies in a so-called top secret facility when there seems to be nothing top-secret about it.The cleaning pair wander at will throughout the facility and discover it's also 'top-secret' biological specimen with no clearance at all. Right.And low and behold, the biological specimen is none other than the Creature from the Black Lagoon! This time in living color and many upgrades.One might also notice Octavia Spencer is appearing in every other bomb out of Hollywood as a supporting actress and nothing more. Maybe in ten years they'll give her one of her own movies. Not holding my breath.Back to the Creature. We'll call him Creatch for short. The homely Eliza has a strict routine of hard boiling eggs while she masturbates furiously in her bathtub every morning. Eliza is fundamentally scared to death of normal men. She then brings the food to Creach, which she eventually falls in love with.Creach is super duper intelligent and can instantly learn English, American sign language and writing, but likes to savagely dine on the occasional domesticated cat here and there. Right.Creach also has super powers. He can almost instantly heal bodily wounds, as well as restore hair to a bald man. Alright, that one small bit I found pretty cool, but that's it. Eliza eventually decides to kidnap Creach, for his own good, so she can turn him loose into the ocean just one step ahead of Russian Agents who have infiltrated the facility for the soul purpose of killing him. Again, not a very top-secret organization.Shortly after that, Eliza and Creach begin having sex. That's right. An otherwise normal woman gets it on with a humanoid looking fish that looks like it dried out in the oven too long. Happens all the time I guess.The two subplots involving a sadistic head of security and an alcoholic neighbor who works as a graphics artist are barely even worth mentioning.And the ending? Beyond impossible.This story is strictly reserved for the over-emotional, over-romantic, and completely naïve.Go see it if you really want to, but you have been warned.

Kafka once wrote: "There is hope, but not for man...". If the sate of man is such that The Shape of Water receives an Oscar for 'Best Picture', then really, to me, all hope is lost.

After watching the first 20 - 30 minutes, I found myself thinking, I'm bored.
But, i thought it's got to get better, so to be objective, I stuck with it. Which is really unusual for me.
Anyway, thinking that the protagonists in the film would eventually get their comeuppance when the creature was smuggled out.
But the usual happened.
I don't mind violent films, as long as the violence is in context.
But I am sick to death of crappy writing etc, that has to have this creature kill/eat the neighbours cat!
Really?
Is that the best you can do?
Any pet that has to be killed in a film is gratuitous violence.
Rip the bad guy's head off, fine.
But an innocent animal.
Crap and rubbish.
Turned it off and won't be revisiting this boring rubbish again.
So if you'd rather watch paint dry and a cat get it head eaten, then this one's for you.

I really tried to give it a chance and watched the whole movie even though I was tempted numerous times to turn it off and in the end I was even more annoyed that I started watching it in the first place

The whole movie is an unendurable combination of cliches that don't add up or become interesting at any point. The discretely repeated attempts at delivering overused social messages makes it even worse. Even those messages are shallow in content, irrelevant to the movie and extremely unoriginal just as the story itself. I hoped during the movie that it would get better at some point but it went just worse. For those who are aware of these issues this is just a pretentious attempt and for the rest they don't care or won't get that message from a movie like this one.I witnessed one of the worst movies of all times. You can't blame a movie for receiving an award but this clearly shows the demise of the movie industry as such movies can be produced and nominated and awarded just because of the exploitation of the social issues, and juries getting revenge and amplify the message with their own means. Engineering the marketing of overrated films became the norm.Oscar winning motion pictures often became classics now they are not even worth a second view. This one doesn't even deserve to be watched.

Typical for a beautiful movie to be underrated by most people. The difference in meta and user score was to be expected. In my experience, this movie was captivating from the first scene and ended on a high note, with a simple frame, music and quote. Del Toro takes you on a journey, that never goes full-blown fantasy. The minor details in both film and music are sublime. It really brings the story to life. In my opinion, this is one of those movies that don't need any questions. You have to experience is. Perhaps it is a story that is only enjoyable for people that daydream. The ambiance and message are set up in a way, a hopeless romantic could feast on for days. Seeing as most Hollywood movies are complete rubbish, this one really shows what a movie is capable of. Bringing the love of a celebrated director on screen. Go see this movie!

I cannot believe there are humans trotting on this planet,
who like this film..

I have seen tons of crap movies, believe me, but none of them is bad enough to make me register an account on IMDB just to write a review. But after watching this, I have the urge to express my utterly disgust. Thank you, Del Toro, for that, by the way.The movie is simply stupid. The storyline is deeply flawed. The only thing the movie challenges the audience is our intelligence. Well i do not expect a Hitchcock movie, we can accept flaws here and there as long as it does not affect the story and fits the characters. But the movie is self contradicting and the characters behaviors are so bizarre it is just so intelligently insulting. So a cleaning lady can steal the "most valuable asset" from the "top secret facility" which is only guarded by on single soldier and does not even have a moving vehicle to chase after the invaders. They can just park the van downstairs for three or four days and no one thinks about looking for the van. Actually there is no one looking into this at all. From beginning to the end there is only the bad villain alone who is not doing anything but stay in the office and interrogate the cleaning ladies, only after 48 hours he thought about talk to the doctor who refused to kill the monster in the first place. Is this US military? It's easier than rob a bank. If i were Elisa, I'll go rob the Fed. But Elisa is not so smart, she made up the entire plan without thinking about how to unchain the fish dude without a key. And please what is the point of keeping the weaking, dying fish dude in ur home? Waiting to be discovered? Come on, Baltimore is by the sea!! There is literally a dock in the city center. Okay so you want to have sex with him, can you please do it at the back of the van on the way to Mexico? And the police ( ya, still no sign of military) showed up when the government officer died and they watched the suspect left? On and on i could go but i think you get the point.Let's look at the characters, as a "romantic love" story, you did not explain to me how the lady fell in love with the fish dude? Are you telling me because she's a minority, and "he" is a minority, so the director thinks it needs no further explanation for her to fell in love with the fish? How did she overcome the fear of his monster looking? How did he understand her? Or it's just her sick, petty love makes her thinks he understands and loves her? There are many ways to show and build up the emotions but the director shows none at all! And is it just me that find it super weird that the lady did not show any form of gratitude, not even an attitude, to her friend at all? It's just so inhuman and fake.The dialogue is also a disaster.Choppy and facetious, they tried to say something sounds smart and deep but actually just irrelevant and award. Like the "universe" thing coming from the general, what is that about? And there are so many random scenes that just make me question the ability of the director. What's the point of showing the doc realising the russian agents are plotting against him when in the end he stills shows up like there's nothing wrong??? Who cares about the villian buying a car from a random salesman(who seems to be the only smart man in the show) and not like talking when banging his wife? What is the point of all this?As for the cinematography, esthetics effect, etc, there is nothing to talk about. I don't find it "touching" or "romantic" in any single way. The costume on the fish dude looks like just some random monster from a superhero movie, not even the carefully designed big boss, but those minions who are ready to be smashed by the HULK. I feel deeply disappointed that such a film could win the academy. So it has the elements of minority, LGBT, african americans, protecting the environment, evil russians and selfish government, so it must win??!As a conclusion, i feel insulted by the director and the academy. Its winning lowered the average IQ of the entier Los Angeles.

I was really excited to watch this as I had heard it was at least nominated. Now all I wish is to have those two hours of my life back. I do agree that the movie had a very original story line, but I was disturbed and completely let down. The movie was very slow moving and boring. For the most part it was very predictable just like every other romantic movie. What disturbs me is this movie was meant to be set in a time where homosexuals and people of colour weren't accepted to society yet somehow, and this astounds me people were fully accepting with the fact that she falls in love and has sex with a fish! After finding out it won 4 awards i no longer trust that people know a good movie when they see one. Overall, it was a waste of my time and I would never recommend it to a friend, in fact I would only recommend NOT seeing it.

Perhaps the most baffling moment from the recent Oscar awards was not so much The Shape of Water being the most-nominated film during the night, but actually winning the following 4 categories:Production DesignOriginal ScoreDirectorBest Picture"Stranger things have happened" some say, but not that much stranger. I'm starting to think 'professional' film critics are taking leave of their senses lately, as they too also rave about this nonsensical, illogical and poorly conceived idea of a motion picture.Mute girl falls in love with a non-speaking, semi-aggressive aqua-man whom the American government from the 1960's are keen to study for the usual purpose of national dominance.With the exception of the rather unusual setting, there is really very little to like about it. Audiences will balk at the romance scenes between the two characters... and the only saving grace comes from Michael Shannon, who plays the government agent determined in finding out what they can from their captive.One is simply left wondering... when this film was presented to those who make them, did no one say, "whoa.. slow down there a moment Tonto, this isn't a good idea.".... well, judging by the baffling Oscars wins clearly not.

The more I try to find some kind of justifiable meaning and relevance, the more I find it a loopy, dull load of drivel.

It's difficult to explain how bad this movie is. Do not waste your time.A mute cleaning lady falls in love with a half human - half fish that eats cats.The bad army guys want to kill himShe kidnaps/saves him from a super guarded army laboratory. Actually it's the mute cleaning lady, her gay older friend and another cleaning lady, the team that put the army to shame.Than she takes him to her apartement and keeps him in the bathroom. She fills the entire bathroom with water so she can sleep with him, but the water floods the cinema below her apartement.An so on....The bad guys are 100% bad. Nothing good about them.The good guys are 100% good.The russians are obviously bad.There is also a gay person, a colored person just to make everything politically correct.0 (zeri) stars.

Del Toro's gift for effective story-telling cannot be denied. However, the film plays perfectly into mainstream Hollywood sensibilities, does not have a profound artistic vision, and fails to challenge the audience in any meaningful way. It has the quintessential villain in the liberal cultural imagination today - a racist, sexist, ableist, psychopathic white man in the 60s. He lives in a bourgeois suburban neighborhood and has the quintessential white nuclear family. The fact that he is made to exhibit psychopathic behaviors is of course a way to obscure the irreducibly cultural, structural, and political conditions that the film purports to problematize. The equally cut-and-dry story is about people living at the margins of society bonding over their mutually subjugated status. The self-congratulatory moralistic undertone of this film suspends any need for serious cultural reflection. Shown to conservatives, the film is unlikely to have any converts to progressive politics. Shown to liberals, it will only confirm their pre-established identitarian convictions. Sprinkled with some gratuitous violence, it is the perfect candidate for the Oscars - a polished, glib, pandering, ostensibly radical fairy tale that ultimately does not have any enduring contribution to an already mediocre culture.

This is not a good movie. It's not well written. It's not well paced. It's not entertaining.
I had high expectations in this movie, being Oscar winner and by Del Toro and all. But unfortunately it turned out to be a massive on screen disaster and frown fest, a big mess. It starts beautifully though with a nice underwater intro. The it's only getting worse. We see the daily morning routine of the mute cleaner who strangely reminds us of a sad and disturbed version of Amélie, Del Toro maybe had in mind a similar quirky, sensitive and charming character. Something went terribly wrong. The cleaner has a gay artist neighbour and a bestie at work, played charmingly by Octavia Spencer, unfortunately her role is just a stereotype of the slightly overweight, loyal side kick with a heart of gold. Then we meet the antagonist, played by Michael Shannon, another stereotype, white male sadistic mean pervert military guy with a heart of stone. Yaaawn. The fish man the cleaner falls for is basically the creature from the black lagoon. Why does the cleaning lady start having romantic feelings for the black lagoon creature? Because he can't speak either and they both like boiled eggs, so they have something in common, perfect match, ok? Does Del Toro really believe lonely women at a certain age are that desperate?
Del Toro uses same filters and production design as in Hellboy. The background is America in the 50s with style and music reminding not only console players strongly of Fallout or Bioshock. The ballroom scene in black and white is from the Artist. 
There is no original good idea in the movie, we've seen it all before, but better. 
Why did it get Best Film Oscar? Maybe there is deeper political reason for this, I have no other explanation. I don't recommend this movie to anyone. Save your precious time and money and avoid this mess!

What a stupid story!!! Unbelivable!! I have no words!!! It could be a (bad) fairy tale for children if there were not sex scenes.

Just one honest question. If you watched the film, just reverse the roles. Female creature and male dumb average looking guy. Do not change anything at all. I rest my case. Now after the idea above, where how disgusted you will feel on the idea of a male masturbating man kidnapped a female fish girl, something about the film.The film does takes you away from reality and as soon as you start enjoying the film the story slaps you on the face with something completely irrelevant and shock(still irrelevant). Over the top villain, the research, the stupidity ( if you think its a Russian spy who can stay in the water for so long and does not look like understand anything, just keep it in captivity), the finger , the overuse of painkillers where at one point the infection is so bad that he pulls the finger off but dont feel the pain, the waiting of the tide , instead of going directly to the nearest open sea they took him home, loves the humans but kills the cat( to my logic cat and human both are food for him), bath scene of holding water where water supply was more than the leak to fill the bathroom up temporarily, fishman sudden discovery of immense power and healing and converting a human to fishgirl but in lab just enough to bite off a finger? so means less than a dog, lead girl brainy enough the plan someone smuggle out of top secret lab but not enough to find a sea spot for him to immediately escape in open waters. 
Basically she was just a pervert who wanted the creature for her own pleasure but just couldn't get to it. At the end when she was shot, I felt happy and relieved. I even wanted him to carry on shooting to make sure she is dead. I could scream but not in anger or pain or intolerance but in disgust that films like this are rated above 7 somehow and when you watch it its no more than .75.

Perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen. The writing was awful, the idea was awful, the flow was awful. It was shot like a surreal farce with this candy cane music throughout that just made it even more unrealistic than it already was. If it isn't bizarre enough to be about a cleaning lady that falls in love with the creature from the black lagoon, then it got even worse. At one point she ends up dancing and singing with the creature in some kind of Broadway musical! What? Could never take any of is seriously and could never get into it not just because of the weird premise but because of surreal overall production and dialogue and goofy music. Awful.

To communicate or not to communicate. Sometimes is just out of fear that we don't come close to the ones who can give us exactly what we need. They're different, let's stay away. Sally Hawkins in a magical but beautifully real performance invites us to try, to dare. Guillermo del Toro takes us through the paces with extraordinary delicacy and clarity of vision. Thank you.

A sweet and beautiful fairy tale for a modern world. So thoughtful and lovingly made! Very clever, it's a shame so many people have lost the patience and understanding to really appreciate how great this movie actually is.

Moral ambiguity. Challenging questions. Debate-sparking presentations. That's what Guillermo Del Toro was good at! None of that are in this film. The whole time, I felt as if I was watching a political propaganda about how one should treat minorities or people of a different race. Although I value such political positions, that was not why I wanted to watch a film! I wanted to watch, experience, and immerse myself into a work of art. Not a fleshed-out, philosophically vacuous, overrated, overinflated, oversaturated propaganda! As a result, although the visuals are striking in a Guillermo-esque fashion, the subtlety, the richness, and the cerebral philosophy of what was very much entrench in Guillermo's earlier works are all gone. Truly a pity.

The Shape of Water is a new take on a very old story as a lowly cleaning woman falls in love with an unusual creature and must protect it from the authorities who wish to destroy it. While the story is not original, harking to films as diverse as Beauty and the Beast, ET and Free Willy, the film is still a delight to watch. Written and directed by Guillermo DelToro, the film is similar in style to much of his work, combining his usual magical fantasy with gritty, sometimes violent social realism.Sally Hawkins is delightful as the mute cleaner working in a secret government facility where the water creature is held. Her performance is wonderfully expressive and there is great interplay between her and co-stars Richard Jenkins as her neighbour and Octavia Spencer as her colleague.
Michael Shannon growls and bites devilishly as the villain out to kill the creature and anyone who gets in his way.The film wears its 1960's setting well with frequent references to cold war politics, the space race and contemporary culture. While the film also pays adoring homage to older cinema including a lovely dance scene evocative of early musicals.Alexandre Desplat's soaring score beautifully underlines the film.Overall, despite the weak story, the film is a joy to watch. Well acted by a fantastic cast and visually sumptuous, the film is one of Del Toro's best.

Weirdest movie of the year. What happened to good movies like Forrest Gump? No, now we honor making love to sea creature movies.

An overrated piece of trash. Seriously I don't know why somebody thinks that this sad and creepy film is good even a masterpiece of a movie. People need to be more objective and not let anybody mess with your head (media, etc.) and let you think that depraved and dark histories are work of art. SAD and this is coming from a guy that lives in Mexico and can tell you that all of our latin hollywood directors take "artistic/intellectual" the same way...shocking the audience with awkward sex, social interaction and depressing scenery.

One of the most despicably dumb ever movies I watched in my entire life ... and I expected so much of it .. turned out to be so lame that I wish I slept during it like my husband did (lucky him) .. at least he made those 2hrs count! Can't believe it won an Oscar! My advice to all - don't waste your time, you will regret it !! Couldn't give it a "0" ... that's what it truly deserves

Few filmmakers have the ability to present a story in a way that is unmistakably unique these days, in the swirling miasma of cookie-cutter movies that are exhaustingly predictable and rely heavily on pyrotechnics and CGI to make up for the lack of heart. But Guillermo del Toro fills The Shape of Water to the brim with a genuineness rarely seen.Set in 1960's Baltimore, this story is a bit Romeo and Juliet, a bit Beauty and the Beast, except in this instance the beast is the one that appears outwardly normal. A mute custodian with a case of curiosity killed the cat syndrome (Sally Hawkins) becomes entangled in a tug-of-war between American and Soviet government powers after she discovers a creature being held hostage by the facility she works at, and her endlessly kind heart won't allow herself to let them use it as their pawn. The villain of this story, Strickland (Michael Shannon), proves to be one of the most complex characters. He serves up no shortage of the aforementioned beastly qualities, projecting his frustrations of his failings as a man and subsequent own self-hatred on everyone around him in a variety of ways. Torture, intimidation, emotional manipulation, racism, verbal and physical abuse and sexual harrassment are all employed by him, even a lack of basic hygiene is displayed as he fails to wash his hands after urinating in the first scene the audience is properly introduced to him. Despite all this, del Toro and Shannon still manage to make it clear that while this character wields a considerable amount of power, we get quite clearly the feeling that he is also powerless - a sad, joyless man with a lack of connection to his family and a lack of any kind of fulfilling relationships in his life, grasping at threads of power in the hopes of catching one and somehow finding the innate sense of pride and worth he has always been searching for. People respond to him out of fear rather than out of respect. He is a puppet of the system, under the thumb of greater authority and he knows it. It fills him with a rage that he takes out on anyone who either earns - or doesn't earn - his ire.Elisa (Hawkins) shines with a genuinely heartfelt performance. Meek and often terrified of the brutality she sees around her, but also tough in her own way, the audience will find it difficult not to like her. Entirely without verbal dialogue, Hawkins is successful in portraying the kind spirit, gutsy strength and quirky personality of Elisa. Likewise, her screen partner The Asset (Doug Jones) delivers a very convincing portrayal of a creature that's not quite man and not quite animal. He moves in a unique way that is signature to Jones but yet has a quality (and statuesque figure) also reminiscent of the god that some of the film's characters wonder if he is. Zelda (Octavia Spencer) and Giles (Richard Jenkins) are the perfect kind of kindred spirits, with Giles being a realist and Zelda being motherly at the appropriate times that Elisa needs them to provide that for her. Like her, they share qualities that render them "imperfect" in the society of the time; Zelda is a woman of colour, Giles is gay, and all of them have a greater than average sense of empathy.Particularly and curiously impressive is the way opposing elements in this film fit so perfectly together - drama, horror, comedy and even whimsy-filled musical routines all somehow work in harmony with each other in a way that feels very natural. The fairy-tale elements are balanced carefully with the more adult aspects of the story, so while there are certainly some tear-jerking and frightening moments, viewers still leave at the end with a feeling of magic and inspiration. Plausible and implausible scenes and elements work so well together that the audience can easily accept the story for what it is.The only real criticism to put forth is that the development of the relationship between Elisa and The Asset is patchy - we see snippets of their admiration for each other growing, but then it seems to take a leap between friendship and deeper intimacy that the audience feels a bit left out on. The film follows Strickland and Giles' characters more closely as far as interpersonal relationships go, something that the film could have used more of for greater development of Elisa's character and deeper understanding from the audience of how much she has really suffered. The character of The Asset is never truly developed either - however, this may be very intentional as del Toro stated in previous interviews that the creature represents something different to everyone. Perhaps it is up to the viewer to decide what he represents for them. In some ways, this renders the character an eternal victim - always being used for something by someone. For governments, a weapon; for Giles, an artistic muse; for Strickland, a punching bag to offload his anger onto; and for Elisa, a recipient for her love and intimate desires. Although the creature reciprocates her affections, we can't shake the fact that he never really initiates them, just follows suit, leading one to wonder what decisions he would make in that matter (or any) if he had the freedom to do so.With all its complex beauty and freshness, The Shape of Water is a must-see for those wishing to experience a film that's truly new, and to feel the true soul that comes forth in it.

Beautifully filmed, excellent actors, great props and very expensive to make, so why didn't they make a really good Cold War movie instead of a totally lame one based on a crude B Movie monster in a cheap fishman wetsuit.The result is an insult to the intelligence of a 5 year old let alone worthy of awards other than maybe cinematography. My advice, save your money and don't patronise lowbrow trash like this as it just seems to encourage Hollywood to further lows.

Have we the American public lost all sense of what a good movie and good storyline even is? I'm so tired of crap like this being the winner of Academy Awards when the storyline is so bizarre! Bring back the real movies with substance. This was laughable all the way through. Throwing in nudity and sex didn't even come close to saving this disaster of a movie! Makes me mad that I wasted my hard earned money to se it.

I don't really know where to start. This movie is in my top 5 favorite movies! This movie is an artwork. I will tell you why:Very outstanding is the writing. Things happen fast but they are always written in a very elegant way so that it never seems jumpy. Emotional dialogs and very beautiful turns in the plot. What I liked the most about the writing is the character development. Very different characters but they all fit well together to tell that story. It is very easy for the audience to immerse into the story and identify oneself with nearly all of the characters.I also really liked the music that makes you feel time travelling back in time and feel all the moments first hand.To conclude, this is a very elegant and beautiful fairy-tale that is definitely worth watching. It is a new type of love and friendship story that makes you laugh, cry and hate together with the characters.Magnificent!

Like everyone else I had some moderate hope of seeing a decent movie as it was nominated. My eyes started to glaze over half way through. And they didn't stay open very long after and I had to eject it from the player. How atrociously boring! The mute main lead was just as boring as the story and lack of intelligent plot. There are too many holes and undeniably stupid incidents (just read other reviews to find them), and the costume of fishboy was a amateur to say the least ( didn't move, inflexible, rubbery but still). There's bad movies that are still watchable, but this is just bad bad. Watch it and you'll see 😂

I don't find anything interesting in this movie. I know that most people love it but does it deserve 13 Oscar nominations? At least they only won 4. And the end is the most dissapointing part. Can anyone say that I'm wrong?

This is the most stupid movie I've ever seen 🙈. Stupid stupod stupid stupid stupid movie.

This films is best comedy of the year.
This film explains why women always cook perfect boiled eggs and take baths at same time multitasking at its best.
The deaf word fo egg ready is uses only two fingers. They tell children deaf people have los of feelings. This film explains why the deaf girl at work always gets bubble bath and egg timers.
Well I tried to explain the story below:
A deaf and mute girl works as cleaner at secure with a black friend and facility falls in love with aqua man oh I forgot she has gay best friend!
Where do I start the 1950's at the heart of what America loves and still wishes it was, what I thought was the year of this film but it is set in but it was 1962. The cars were great and Jell-O cafe seemed like it was American dream in a movie but don't full a sleep just yet theirs a monster in town. The monster turns out to be her boss who tells her to clean this room which is full of blood of her boss and this creature. The secure facility is not secure seems like she could get in and out of this room without being noticed and is not scared of this blue aqua man, even though she has to clean up after her bosses fingers are bitten off by this creature. Not strange
Well if that no weird enough there is also a Russian spy and he is totally nutty he not only notice the cleaner breaking in to facility but see her communicating with this creature and does not report her but help her free this creature. Not strange
Well it seems like Russian and American's both think this creature will make perfect astronaut but have different idea's Russians want to just kill it and American's want to cut it open to see what makes it tick. Well the deaf woman now has to free this creature so with the help of her gay best friend and Russian spy she escapes with the creature from secure facility. Not strange
Gay best friend story he's a great artist but seems to be disrespected by his former employer who just can't get rid of him. The guy only release from this rejection is the hope is this fantasy that guy in a Jell-O cafe could be his lover and buys more jelly cake that he can eat so tries to feed it to the deaf woman and probably the cats he has. Not strange
Well he tells Jell-O man he has feelings for him in creepy way and is rejected even though I think Jell-O man was supposed to also gay but married to woman, what a shocker it is 1962 after all. Not strange
Well back to story of escape the creepy guy best friend of deaf woman makes fake pass but it's so bad even his cat would not have been fooled. The guy shows his pass to guard but he is no fool he noticed its fake. End of movie
No such luck the Russian spy uses a poison to aid their escape. Meanwhile whilst this happened the deaf girl hides the creature in laundry basket and makes her way out only for her black friend to try stopping her. Not strange
Well they make it out to van weird guys van which is not seen entering the secure unit but is seen exiting it and her boss shoots at it. Not strange
They escape to what I thought would be a release site but was her flat and her boss has memory wipe and does not follow up or trace van. The boss then asks all employee's if they not where this creature is including the deaf girl and her black friend. Meanwhile three days pass and she seems to still go to work and facility runs as normal after losing this creature. Not strange
The deaf girl makes love to creature within the three days replacing her egg cooked sign language for full on weird sex with aqua man and gay guy has some strange contact as well giving him hair growth but not in good way.
Not strange
She also makes mess by floods her flat and local cinema which is below her flat and just does not keeps a low profile, the creature bites the face of her or his cats face, not sure why.
well after three days just about keeping this creature alive and working she goes to dock to release creature with gay guy and Russians arrive kill spy but boss man kills them then see creature and lady and shoots both of them. The creature then healed himself and deaf girl and the swim in arty posse the film then wins
Best picture Academy Award.
Best Picture Nominees (2018) Lady Bird
The Shape of Water
Guillermo del Toro, J. Miles DaleDarkest Hour
Tim Bevan, Anthony McCarten, ...Dunkirk
Christopher Nolan, Emma ThomasPhantom Thread
Paul Thomas Anderson, Megan Ellison, ...Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Martin McDonagh, Graham Broadbent, ...Get Out
Jordan Peele, Jason Blum, ...The Post
Steven Spielberg, Amy Pascal, ...Call Me by Your Name
Luca Guadagnino, Peter Spears, ...Lady Bird
Scott Rudin, Eli Bush, .
For me the post or phanthom theads mad me think where as shape of water get out were ticking boxes and tedious. The get out cheep remake of hostal with a touch of reversed racism with a line white people always wan't to be black and shape of water splash remake that does not no when to end.

Ok, The Shape of Water definitely isn't a movie for the big public, it's incredible weird (as almost every Del Toro movie), and unusual, but at the same time I can pass a beautiful and complex message about love.Before talk about the movie as a whole, I need to point some fantastic aspects of it. The acting is very good, Sally Hawkins and Octavia Spencer (as you may already know) shine in the movie, and their nominations are undoubt deserved, but Michael Shannon also shows again that he is a freaking monster, he once again destroys in the role. I really think that he deserved at least a Oscar nomination here (probably more than Richard Jenkins, that is also very good, but not as good as Shannon).The cinematography and the photography is gorgeous, Del Toro shows us once again that he is one of the most unique directors working today, the guy has a style, and it shines here.Talking about that, Del Toro direction is freaking amazing too, everything is beautiful, the actors are shining, the guy will probably won the Oscar tonight, and it will be deserved.And, of course, the overall message of the movie, the prejudice, the feeling that some have, that they are alone in the world, how hard it is for some people to find love, and how painful it is for those who end up never finding. And is really fantastic how Del Toro is able to talk about such subjects with a movie about a big fish monster that make love with a woman. Really, think about it, what were the odds of this end up been just a creepy and laughable movie? The concept sounds extremely cheesy but the final result is fantastic.All the visual effects also are fantastic, and the movie does not had a big budget, so, is another achievement here.Probably the only issue that I can have with the movie is that in some point it seems like it's going to end without a climax, but it kinda "forces" somethings to happen, in order to have a "big finally confront", you know, it doesn't make the movie less great, but was what prevented the movie to be a 10/10 to me. I think that they also could have given more time to the build of the relationship between the Fish and Elisa, over all you buy it, but it feels a little bit rushy.Well, in short, The Shape of Water is a great piece of work by Guillermo Del Toro, has a beautiful and powerful message, that is told in a unique and odd way. Another great movie from the 2018 Oscar's, right now I saw 7/9 from the Best Picture Nominees, and just one was under the 8/10 grade.

I heard this film was strange, but very good, so I was excited to watch it. I love films with romance in, and even if one of the leads was a fish man, I was willing to be open minded and go with the flow.What a waste of time.There were so many flaws and strange scenes in this movie that I couldn't enjoy it. For a start, I never really felt the connection between the leading lady and the fish man. She gave him some boiled eggs and seemed to kind of like that he couldn't speak either, and then the next moment we are meant to believe they are deeply in love. I didn't see or feel any real tenderness - just a silly girl who had a school girl style crush. I found the scenes where she was naked in the bath in the beginning completely unnecessary to the story line and awkward. Was that just to gratify male viewers? I didn't understand what the scenes where she was masturbating were meant to add to the plot either - so she's a woman and likes to masturbate....so what? It just wasn't relevant. She came across as vapid and I didn't see her show any gratitude towards her best friend at work, who repeatedly lied and risked her lift for her! Like I said, I went into this with an open mind because the story requires you to do so. But there were loads of unbelievable moments which again were just not necessary and could have been made more realistic: pulling a grown man along the ground by a bullet hole in his cheek, filling an entire bathroom with water like a swimming pool just by putting a towel on the floor by the door...and not worrying that her fish man would be found out caught by authorities when water starts pouring into the theatre below, remaining standing in the bathroom when the door is opened and the water rushes out, not releasing the fish man into the sea immediately but waiting for the rain to fill the canal up first - why? The sea was right there! Also her friends have literally no problem with her having sex with the fish man at all. Everyone finds it really normal. And that musical scene...there are no words. I could go on. For me this movie just fell flat. I thought that at the very least it would be more shocking than it was, but you never actually see anything happen between the lead and the fish man. So if you were going to watch it for the shock and ewww factor, just don't even bother because there's none of that either.

I'm not sure if I should call this garbage a movie in the first place.How this junk got 4 oscars is beyond me.When people see 4 academy awards they deceive themselves into believing this is a a great movie and that maybe if they didn't like it, something is wrong with their taste so they convince themselves that it's good. Nothing's wrong with your taste The movie is Horrible from beginning to end. Save yourself the time and don't watch this piece of crap.

This movie was trash, ridiculous trash. Nothing about it was spectacular. Mute woman with mysterious backstory meets the thing from the black lagoon, has sex with him and goes to love with him underwater. Just awful.

I have no idea why this film is so highly rated but it's terribly boring centred around a live story between a women and a fishman which is strange enough as it is the movie is best avoided

Imagination gone wild and crappy...ignore, spend your precious time on something else...

So like many people they do their first review on something that absolutely sucks!
I am lost for words as to why this won oscars and had so much hype.

There is not a single redeeming feature for this movie, and giving it an Oscar is a huge poke in the eye for all thinking and film-loving humans. The plot is so trite, PC is so obvious and crass, acting stilted and amateurish, and there are way too many cringeworthy scenes. Not just a waste of time, but an insult.

I think if we just remove some hot scenes, this movie can be one of the most favorite movie of children channels. As an adult I can't praise any scene of this film. Even hot scenes were so routine and couldn't add anything to the story line. They just could make the film last longer. Just Oscar made me watch this.

Really ??? Oscar winner , Hollywood has really changed

I usually find Guillermo del Toro's film either a hit or miss but this one is definitely a hit. The Shape of Water is a fantastical love story filled with charm, wit, danger, and somberness. While I will agree the story is a bit predictable, the characters are no less impressive and the story telling is on point with what it's trying to convey to its audience. Sally Hawkins is phenomenal with her portrayal as, Elisa, a mute woman whom cleans for a governmental facility and stumbles up on a creature they call the "the Asset", portrayed by the brilliant Doug Jones. Together their performance as two characters whom do not speak with their voice but with sign language or just by actions is truly breathtaking. While the overall plot may be a little unoriginal, I do believe its derivative is done with a creative twist and a spark of genius on del Toro's part. To have a strong female lead be a mute woman with timid tendencies and a quirky yet charming personality was a stroke of pure genius and you really empathize with her character. However, there is one more actor I would love to applaud for his work and that is Michael Shannon. His work never ceases to amaze me and he always portrays his villainous characters so well. His character in the movie, Richard Strickland, is the very definition of a bigoted and ignorant man I would hate to know. There times in this film where you are just feel completely disturbed by his presence and this is only watching him on the big screen! I cannot imagine what it felt like to be face to face with him while he played this vile character. I was really disappointed Michael Shannon did not even get a shred of a golden globe nomination for his performance because he truly deserved one. I love characters that I can relate to but if an actor can do their job well and really make me hate their character then I know they deserve respect. If you are looking for originality in regards to plot, I can't say this film is for you. If you enjoy originality in regards to characters, atmosphere, and special effects then this film will be for you. Its a wonderful and unique romance for those who want something different or whimsical. Overall, I do believe it deserves its praise in some areas of originality and wonderful storytelling done in such a charming way. In my opinion, its one of Guillermo del Toro's finest films he's ever made.

Guillermo Del Toro mentioned that one of the driving ideas behind this was for the monster to get the girl. I'm not going to give this away, but unlike some of the naysayers who've damned this film, they obviously didn't watch it with their eyes open. Who can make a film like this for under 20 million these days? Obviously Guillermo can. This is a dark and beautiful fantasy that one has to pay attention to. The story flows like the water it contains and I can't single out any one performance since all of them are so excellent. I would have liked it if the Amphibian man had a little more original look. He looked like Abe Sapien with the creature from the black lagoon's hands. But he is a beautiful creature, streamlined and wonderful. While some may poo-poo this film, It's Del Toro's best original film since Pan's Labyrinth and far superior to either Crimson Peak and the utterly terrible Pacific Rim.

This film does well at doing many things at once and that is the ability to show love in its rarity and also to show the darkening depths of fear itself. Fear from conditioning over time...This film show's that you can move forward and be free from prior "fears" that make us all incapable at times, however the main characters all join together in this film to say that there is love and hope after all.
This Film is for adults who want to share the realism of this life and that includes fantasy and foul of the every day life/reality. But at the end of our foul days, what do we look for? We look for peace of mind and love that understand us as we understand love. This film shows the very in competence of all us on a daily basis but shows us that through the darkness we will always find the light. Truly beautiful film that tells a very unique story but not so far off from reality story..where we all want to fit in and feel loved.

Among my favorite directors is Guillermo del Toro. The guy has one of the most unique artistic and cinematic visions in the world of film. His inspiration to become a filmmaker was "Creature from the Black Lagoon" of all things. Del Toro's love the Gill Man translated to his passion for monsters, though he felt sad that the famed amphibian never got a happy ending. Initially, he was brought in by Universal to remake it, but that deal went south, so he decided to more-or-less tell his own version of the story, adding a new spin that surprisingly won over both audiences and awards. That, folks, is "The Shape of Water", a movie I've wanted to see since its inception. Plot: In this variation of beauty and the beast, a mute janitor named Eliza (Sally Hawkins), who works in a government facility, meets the Asset (Doug Jones), a fish-like humanoid from South America, and the two form an unconventional relationship. With the Asset under threat of death and subsequent vivisection by the unstable Col. Strickland (Michael Shannon), Eliza will go to great lengths to ensure the creature's survival and happiness, but will she succeed in a world so unwilling to accept that which is different?This is, indeed, a masterpiece. The Asset is an amazing character with a stellar design and a performance that feels believable (animal yet human-like). Props to Jones and the effects team for making the suit and facial expressions work with flying colors. Sally Hawkins gets high marks from her own performance, a mix of sign language and heartstring-pulling facial expressions. The pair work well together as much as their characters. The rest of the cast did very well too from Shannon's execution of a threatening villain who feels unfulfilled (a product of the era) to Octavia Spencer's humorous inflections to sympathetic portrayals by Richard Jenkins and Michael Stuhlbarg. There is also much needed credit to the world itself. It replicates the time of which the story is set in very well with many great uses of color, music, and an assortment of objects that are relics by today's standards. The best part of it all is that a majority is physically built with not much in the way of CGI save for backgrounds and a few other aesthetics. Color is also used to convey mood or symbolize a character's status (physical or emotional) and water, as the title implies, is very prominent and more or less serves both a physical and symbolic purpose as well. What little lore that exists in this world intrigues me to no end with many open-ended questions, especially in regards to the fish man. As the film is set in the 1960s, themes of racism/sexism, Cold War tensions, minor religious references, and the classic question of what separates man from monster are explored, all done with superb execution in this case. Heck, the Asset is ideal in that he can represent just about any group that suffers unjust oppression.Fair warning that, unlike Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", this is not for children. There is a little blood + gore, language, and sex/nudity (especially one controversial scene involving the latter in a bathroom). All in all, "The Shape of Water" is, like the abnormal pair, a thing of beauty, one that I imagine will be marveled for generations to come.

A mute janitor falls in love with a fish man during the Cold War 1950's. That's about as simple as you can describe the plot of Guillermo Del Toro's new film The Shape of Water. Del Toro has always had in interest in monsters for his films. No matter how scary or deformed they look, they always have human traits that connect us with them. In this film, Del Toro has crafted his most likeable monster yet and tells a totally original story (trust me) that is part romance, part thriller. We follow the life of a janitor without a voice, Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins). She works in an underground facility alongside her co-worker, Zelda (Octavia Spencer), who talks enough to make up for Elisa's silence. One day a secret test subject is brought into the facility by the psychotic Strickland (Michael Shannon). The subject happens to be an amphibious-human hybrid creature that was found in the Amazon and has been brought back to America in order to be dissected and studied. After interacting together a few times, Elisa and the creature begin to form a special bond of love. Elisa recruits her neighbor (Richard Jenkins) and a sympathetic Russian spy (Michael Stuhlbarg) for a plan to break the creature from his chains and allow him to return home. The plot carries both a whimsical and serious tone to it. They mostly go together well as we get a fairytale that isn't afraid to embrace a childish feel with adult actions. However, GDT goes overboard once with a song and dance number that comes close to throwing the whole film off during its most poignant time. This is one of GDT's most mainstream films (apart from Pacific Rim) and is a great way for people unfamiliar with his work to be introduced. He expertly uses his monster experience to make a film that carries a realistic and fantasy tone. He also makes a very brave film that doesn't shy away from unconventional material. We get to see Michael Shannon having sex after his fingers get severed, political assassinations, and a self-pleasuring scene involving an egg timer. Oh, Elisa and the Amphibian Man also experience, let's just say, a special physical connection.The most impressive aspects of the film come from the behind the scenes work. The camera is brilliantly manned by Dan Lausten. It flows freely between the sets to give the film a romantic fantasy feel, but he also uses constant rain, dark colors, and confined spaces to make it feel like a cold war noir. The production design is also outstanding as each set piece is designed with care and precision. It's astonishing that this film was made for only $19.5 million because it looks like it cost more than triple that amount.The actors create one of the best ensembles of the year. They all carry their weight when matched together and make their characters interesting to watch. Hawkins is perfectly cast and leads the show with her signature shy look. She gives the most compelling and passionate performance of the year, all without saying a word. Richard Jenkins also gives an award-worthy supporting performance as Elisa's neighbor, Giles, who is going through a midlife crisis in terms of his career and sexuality. His scenes with Hawkins are astounding, but the ones with him alone aren't as great and take away from the important story. While not breaking any new ground, both Michael Shannon and Octavia Spencer do what they do best. Shannon gives his trademark evil, unhinged authority performance. Spencer does well in a performance very similar to her role in The Help. Michael Stuhlbarg also continues his amazing 2017 (also in Call Me by Your Name, The Post, and on TV with Fargo) by giving a great performance in the little time he has. Shoutout to Doug Jones as well for playing the Amphibian Man. He gives an endearing performance that brings warmth to his naturally cold-blooded character. The Shape of Water is easily one of 2017's best films and deserves all the Oscar nominations it will get. Every person in the cast and crew do their job exceptionally and create a breathtaking cinematic experience that makes you feel like a kid again while also giving you the stuff your adult mind wants to see.

My best friend and I pay to see movies in theaters several times a month, and, when we saw the first trailer for "The Shape of Water," months before it was to open, we couldn't wait to see it. But then new and even more detailed trailers started being shown, and, frankly, we felt we had to have seen the entire plot and most of its twists in those trailers, and decided to skip seeing the film. After it was awarded multiple awards from various organizations and associations and ultimately nominated for 13 Oscars (and it was a dry week for finding something to see) we decided to give it a shot--and we were both so glad we did. It's now turned out to be one of our favorite films of 2017, and has had a lingering effect after viewing as well. While yes, the trailers were too detailed, and some twists we wish we hadn't known about are shown in them, "Water" is so detailed with beautiful production design, excellent acting, an absorbing adult fairy tale story, and such a powerful, satisfying conclusion that it triumphs over those trailers and thankfully offers much, much more than we expected.

The Shape Of Water in a sentence. It's a VERY adult fantasy love story. Words I would use to describe the experience. Delightful, whimsical, sexual, magical, romantic, musical, grotesquely violent, and finally, unique. I want to stress the sexual and grotesquely violent aspects for anyone deciding to bring their children to see it - you'll have some explaining to do after. But for adults, this movie is pure magic. Don't miss it in the theater!I loved it to death and will see it again before it leaves my local theater! Worth the ticket price, no regrets. I cried tears of joy during a particular black and white musical segment that was so surreal and you just know you're watching someting special when it happens. If you saw this movie, you know what part I'm talking about.More movies like this please!

Sensational director Guillermo del Toro is back to his roots with The Shape of Water. And it's making a serious splash.The Shape of Water takes audiences back to the fairy-tale style of earlier movies. The story explores the relationship between mute cleaner Elsa and the creature at the government facility where she works. The premise and plot are a little bizarre, but comfortably so. The plot seems interwoven around some deeper message, as is the case with most of his movies. But there is no explicit social commentary. It is the audience's job to fill that gap.The cold war backdrops The Shape of Water, but it never delves too deep into the background conflict. The cold war element of the movie serves more as a cinematic backdrop than a scathing social commentary, like in Pan's Labyrinth.Del Toro uses a generous amount of tropes, especially regarding Michael Shannon's classic bad- guy role. But with the lighter tone, the movie is freer to explore other themes: love, unity, oneness. Or rather, we are freer to explore the themes within the film.The Shape of Water is at heart a love story, although it feels abstracted enough as to be universally symbolic.Neither the creature or Elsa can speak, and it is through this commonality that they transcend differences of species. And symbolically, other boundaries like race, class, gender, and sexuality. But it's difficult to entirely indulge in the symbolism when the couple grows more intimate with each other. Things get a little strange then, but it's all light-hearted.The creature design was also the best we've seen yet from del Toro. He has always favoured physical costume design over post-production. The amphibian man is no different. He looks all the more real for his physical design. This feels homelier amidst the huge shift towards digital effects in modern cinema. There is still some digital effects, but they aren't noticeable. The amphibian man is of course played by long-time collaborator, Doug Jones, who plays nearly all of del Toro's monsters. His acting is impeccable, as is lead actress Sally Hawkins's.The relationships between other characters is excellently written and performed. The one-sided dialogue between Elsa and every other character is surprisingly evocative. This puts all the more emphasis on Elsa and the amphibian man's relationship.The colour scheme of the movie really sets it out visually. The vast majority of the sets are coloured entirely in varying shades of blue and green: a kind of teal. This reflects the coldness of the outside world, the coldness of water, and also the historical context.

Simply a great film and for those that gave it a low score they've never been in love. The film score nails it too, go see and it will touch you.

Beautiful, fairy-tale pure story was not only a metaphor for the too common inhumanity of man toward anything not exactly like man, but was also a love story showing how love can happen anytime to anyone, and with no boundaries, even death. Filmmaker Del Toro showed the soul and sensibility of the ages here in his depiction of a shy, working class girl who fell in love with a sea creature in a government "research project" reminiscent of the 50's Communist era witch hunts. And, with the same dark intentions.The film's somber mood, dim and sad colorization of the "research" area, and the interplay of the characters was so effective in the fairy tale atmosphere it gave to a very serious world problem............man's tendency of hate and cruelty toward anything not exactly like he is, in body and in mind. That that way of thinking is so wrong is well shown here in a harsh way, but also in a way that resonates with anyone who resists that cast in stone way of thinking and acting toward different others.The acting was uniformly great, as was the soundtrack, sets and costuming. And, of course, "the creature" was marvelous, so nuanced and subtle. Loved the unique noises he made, and their individual shading depending on what was happening,.... it was all too....can I say..... "human", and one of the best and most informative parts of the story. Enjoy this wonderful film, as you will not see another like it until another Del Toro film comes our way.

This movie is a masterpiece. It is perfectly balanced with different kinds of emotions. It is thoroughly enjoyable, heart touching and thrilling as well. One should not miss some plots in the movie like the girl was found aside the river and had marks on neck and could not speak since then. So this could be an minute indication that she was meant to be a mermaid. well! i thought it that way.

This is a brilliant movie, a clever fable positioned by Guillermo del Toro in the early 60s, when a fair prince rulled the country, and every thing seemed simpler and more straight forward. And this is precisely what the fable telling us - it never was simple and straight forward. The biggest patriot could be a monster in disguise, the traitor could hide a kind soul inside and a mute, may speak out the clearest of all when calling us all to be more human.I'll be repeating everyone else saying how beautiful it is. The set design, the CGI, the editing, the cinemtography. Every minute detail combines to create a fairytale setting in early 60s Baltimore, and it's so perfectly done that one feels that both parts of the reality presented in the movie are indeed real. The acting is part of the truthful feel of the film Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Michael Stuhlbarg, Octavia Spencer and everybody else in this magnificient cast, Topped by Sally Hawkins, who deserves an Oscar, which I fear she won't get, because some consider her being a mute in the film a less complete performance. In my book it's a perfect 10. I haven't seen such level of perfection in acting since Hugh Jackman in Logan, and he never got nominated.I have my reasons for ranking this masterpiece just 9 (should've been a 9.5+) but I don't think these are important. The movie is so close to perfection the tiny faults it does have, become insignificant. Just go see it if you get a chance.

Without false decorations, there is no doubt that "The Shape of Water" is an eye-catching drop-dead gorgeous masterpiece, Del Toro's last Magnum opus is a eerie and charming homage to ordinary-people-do-extraordinary-things stories and, without hyperbolizing my extreme love for this filmmaker- although that's just the truth -his film is one of the most clever, stirring and visually handsome experiences, a deeply moving and impressive modern-cinema classic, an artistically perfect, beautifully acted, directed and scripted impossible-love movie that I have seen in my whole life.For the most stringent movie-buffs, like me, the first thing coming to light when the screening is over is that the script has many plot holes, namely, neither it provides minimal explanation about how or why was the creature created, nor uses scientific technicalities or the peripheral problems of the main role, the supporting characters or the time in which it's developed; the film simply doesn't walk around and to enjoy it is necessary to understand it in the way its director wants: As a story about monsters in which love and loss, as a whole, play the greatest roles. This film allows executing extraordinary tours de force for two members of the cast. Year after year, the great Michael Shannon surprises more and more. His Richard Strickland is voracious, egomaniac, magnetic and terrifying; this performance is made by real quality, portraying a man oppressed by machismo, greed and power, possibly a reflex that reconciles in a good way with the mess of sexual and labor harassment that has begun to be strengthened in recent months, an epitome of all those monsters with ties and contacts that simply require and cancel. On the other side of the coin, the second monumental performance lies, of course, on the shoulders of Sally Hawkins, getting that a mute lady gains a powerful label, not a new icon of female overcoming or anything by style, a sign of love, faith, and freedom. Del Toro keeps doing his job excellently, selecting a top-notch artistic team. Flick after flick, story after story are strongly driven by an overwhelming visual tidiness, leaving out genre or purpose, it's a tradition that each of its motion pictures means sublimity in creative fields. His newest work could be placed on the top of the podium. "The Shape of Water" is what it's thanks to the hard work put on it, a feat that must be recognized and praised. Dark colors and lack of brightness are trademarks, each scene uses the global tonality in order to encompass throughout the film the feeling that the filmmaker wants the spectator to get. While in the opening sequence prevails a gloomy green color in the water, in the later set-pieces you can appreciate green olives, pale whites, yellowish and greenish blues that give shape to the idea. In addition, such colors are also applied to costumes, makeup, staging and visual tricks, supported by an ideal and particularly opaque illumination that denotes a quietly beautiful time. Pictures are flawless. Its cinematography embellishes key scenes and the ingenious approaches switching from one scene to another use old-school techniques that Del Toro frequents, and here get a new level of complexity and intensity, simply outstanding. Alexandre Desplat is also an important piece in the puzzle, he plays again a role of issuer of emotions by means of sound, through a work that surely will give him besides an enormous recognizing, satisfaction and pride for becoming one of the most requested Hollywood composers. Guillermo Del Toro's "The Shape of Water" is a devastating experience, not due to its subtle horror moments, its entertaining material or its mischievous comic sense, but simplicity and delicacy with which this filmmaker treats his invention, a work brimming with gold qualities that are not created by film-romantic traditionalism, the core purpose is a message about loss and happiness, because this, in many cases, means love, and that's precisely the meaning of the movie title. In its entirety, water may never be contained, water is amorphous, love is amorphous, therefore, its conceptions are entirely immeasurable. It's one of the best years for Mexico in the American industry thanks to "Coco" and "The Shape of Water", it's also time to remunerate all the contributions for cinema made by this peculiar filmmaker. While some people give him millions of dollars and little gold men, we, the dreamers and most loyal followers, give our deepest respect, admiration and gratitude, becoming, at least personally, a true role model.

After watching the trailer, I found myself quite uninterested. I like Guillermo Del Toro's designs, but the 'genre', I suppose, just didn't pull me in.I ended up seeing this film on a whim (mainly went for Odeon Nacho's) and left with a new film to add to my list of favourites.The sets were all absolutely gorgeous throughout. I loved the casting choices and felt like they worked excellently. The music was phenomenal, and the story took me to an emotional place I really didn't expect. I don't want to go too deeply into it, or reveal any spoilers, so I'll try to summarise why I think I enjoyed it so much.If you're a fan of 'retro/vintage', you'll already appreciate this films aesthetic and sound. That was a huge pull for me once I started watching. If you're into excellent creature design, it's a Del Toro flick... I feel as though it also had a lovely tinge of war time drama in there too, for good measure. I'm not usually a fan of romance plots, but this one really resonated with me. For all of those reasons, I enjoyed the film from beginning to end. Even if the scenes were particularly slow or not to my tastes, I found myself captured by the soundtrack, or the fantastic set design.If any of what I've said makes sense to you, I'd recommend this film absolutely.

This film was extremely imaginative and gorgeously shot. At the heart of it, the film is about a girl who falls in love with a fish. But it adds so many gorgeous elements to it to make it feel like you are watching an epic. The acting is phenominal, especially Sally Hawkins and Richard Jenkins. Worth checking out!

I am very surprised at all the haters of this movie. I had heard so many awful reports about it. How it didn't deserve the Academy Award etc. The only thing I hadn't heard was what the film was about. So I parked my cynicism for a couple of hours and I was not one bit disappointed. I loved the whole story, predictable maybe but so what? It was beautifully shot, narrated and portrayed. I felt with the characters and for the characters. It made me feel like I was 10 again and watching ET for the very first time. I absolutely LOVED it. Do yourself a favour and make up your own mind about it. Don't be swayed by opinion because it is a very personal storyline. You may just love it, you may just hate it but either way, you will never get the two hours back anyway!

Graphically, this movie does attract your attention. The rest is fairly drab and dour however. A slow and largely hackneyed plot that reaches no great heights but never quite scrapes the bottom of the barrel.It is described as a romantic, dark fantasy and I think this should have prompted me to lower my expectations. It's a chic flick disguised as something else, though I must say - even my wife rues the loss of two hours and three minutes of her life.I would class it is a 'mystery movie'. The mystery being - why was it made, how did it win the 'Best Picture' award at the Oscars and why did I waste my time watching it?

One of the worst films that I have ever seen in my life. I absolutely loathed it.

If I told you about her, what would I say? That they lived happily ever after? I believe they did. That they were in love? That they remained in love? I'm sure that's true. But when I think of her.. of Elisa.. the only thing that comes to mind is a poem whispered by someone in love hundreds of years ago. Unable to perceive the shape of you, I find you all around me, your presence fills my eyes with your love! It humbles my heart, for you are everywhere! 
This films was 2 hours of my life that will never ever be repeated. A stunning love story of a lonely woman who falls in love with a sea monster. A love so true, so humble, so rare, so uneasy and yet so beautiful! Two God's creatures find themselves falling in love, this is a story of a magical and real love under unreal circumstances. I'm so touched and so emotional that words are hard to describe, but they come flowing. 
This is an adult fairytale that will take you into a great adventure. This film is for dreams and anyone in love can relate to it. 
Winner of 2 Golden Globes for best directing and score by Alexander Desplat, this movie is definitelt worth watching! It will take your breath away!

Heard the hype of it, watched it, and i was like wtf there goes the time i wont ever get back. Call me stupid but i dont get why this movie won a lot of awards. Weird storyline and ugh i have no comment. Just dont watch

If it wasn't for the sexy scenes it would be a great kids movie! It's really comical but I'm not sure that was the intention. I gave it 3 stars for the way it was shot, the cinematography is quite beautiful. Other than that I can't understand why it got so many awards!

Saw this in a theatre. Got enticed due to its huge Oscar nominations otherwise not a fan of Del torro's films n his last movie Crimson peak was a complete letdown for me. Surprisingly got impressed with this film as Del torro transported viewers into the evenings n wee hours of the 60s. He dealt with issues ranging from the authoritarian militarism, brutality, racism, anti-immigration, homophobia and workplace sexual harassment very well. The star cast n performances r top notch.

This was an absolutely horrible movie, I saw nothing in it that deserves an academy award. Yes the lead actress did a good job, but the story line was stupid, kind of like a rehash of King Kong, and most of the other characters were more like cartoon characters rather than real people. I suspect the producers must have a bunch of Russian trolls pumping this movie up. Don't waste your time or money on this movie.

The difference between art and propaganda is not simply that the latter has an agenda. Art can have an agenda, too. But it's nuanced, disguised, suggested, induced (sometimes subliminally). While propaganda is singletrack-ed. No nuance, no symbolism, just plain, repetitive, broken-record-style, in-your-face agenda. Think communist or nazi posters. Then again, socialism and anti-Americanism is all the rave in Hollywood, lately. So, it shouldn't surprise anyone that commie-style poster movies get all the hype in Hollywood, nowadays. Well, this is such a movie. You get the liberal perpetual and puerile recipe of the bad "white conservative", the "toxic general", and the not-that-bad soviet spy, which we should forgive anyway because ...uhm, let's see, he dies in the end? The other side of this cocktail of cliches is, of course, the "good open-minded liberal". So open minded that interspecies sex should be no problemo. Oh, but-of-course: God? Pfff! The good-ole liberal bows to no God. And if he does ...it might as well be the latest creature fished in the ocean. While visually entertaining, the plot leaks like a sieve and the script reeks of political-correctness and anti-American brainwashing.

A perfect and complete package of emotion and love.

What a beautiful movie both in terms of the cinematography and the story. The colors and the imagery were so beautiful. The story, not unlike Amelie in the tone, was romantic and magical. The movie builds and ends on a high moving note.

Sublime and wonderful performances from all major characters. I don't think I've seen a more intricately detailed movie - both in set design and character development. Touching depictions of 1960's bigotry that are subtle and realistic. So original. A must see!

A movie you won't want to miss for the sheer fun & sometimes tense, but predictable drama. Probably a Best Picture nominee.

The movie is magical and Guillermo and his team, all of them, actors, writers, are geniuses.

What a beautiful film. In fact it is the same message of love I heard in the film ARRIVAL, women are LOVE. Violence and stupidity are the realm of men. Our world is slowly but surely engaged in a undeniable path of destruction and the only way to save us is if women take control of the powers that rule this world.

A beautiful and sensual masterpiece of Guillermo Del Toro. Its one of the most creative stories in years, that's for sure, even if the subtle storyline refers to the famous "Beauty and the Beast" theme. Its a brave film that works even due to fantastical elements mostly because of the great amount of emotions from what the film lives. Not only the story is creative, so are the characters, especially in the way the are connected. Another great choice was to have all lead characters with a burden. You have a mute lead the film, a gay loner being the second lead and a colored help being one of the greatest heroins. 
Sally Hawkins was fantastic. She really has a brilliant year with this and "Maudie". One more prove that she is such a versatile actress. The performance she delivered was so tender and soulful, that you must love that character. Michael Shannon was the villain, and while most of his actions were a bit stereotypical, the character was not. He got an interesting backstory and was very well developed. Shannon himself went beyond that and once again gives a very intense and memorable performance. Richard Jenkins had many great and memorable moments that really stick with you. He makes you care for his role from the first appearance on screen to his last. And you feel sorry for him all the time because of the very natural turn he did. Octavia Spencer is a true scene stealer. Her speciality to mix wit with seriousness works here just perfectly. Its a great role for Spencer and she possibly gives her best performance since "The Help". There is so much going on behind her eyes. You really miss her when she is not on screen. The score is beautiful the look is tremendous and Del Toro told the story like a novel. Sometimes he let it go a bit, especially towards the end but generally it is a very intense and focused direction. 
Surely a film that sticks with you and I am glad that Hollywood did not lose all its creativity.

"The Shape Of Water" is the new project from writer/director Guillermo Del Toro who brought us Pan's Labyrinth, Pacific Rim, The Hellboy Movies and to an extent The Hobbit trilogy (which gets to much hate). I wasn't a huge fan of Crimson peak, but the Shape Of Water really looked intriguing from the trailers. I sat there blown away by what I was seeing. This is one of my favorite films of 2017. It is unique, original, interesting, intriguing, and weird all at the same time.Sally Hawkins gives a really great performance in one of the most inspirational performances I have ever seen. her character is mute and has no lines of dialogue aside from a dream sequence, but man does she play this character with confidence. The supporting cast also does a really great job, Michael Shannon of course being the next standout, and no one phone sin a performance at all. This film has that old school vibe to it. There is a use of a lot of practical effects, and the makeup and hairstyling is some of the best I've seen on film this year. The amphibian creature, if it is motion captured, is seamlessly integrated into the movie that the use of practical effects looks so appealing.The set designs are also really great. Lots of little details that you have to pay attention to that you wouldn't normally pay attention to. The lighting in these scenes also adds a lot of depth to the movie. There are scenes that are dim for a reason, and some with more lighting for a reason. It is really a great way to use lighting to convey the details of the environment. This is a story that grabbed me from the beginning. Not once was I bored watching this movie. It kept me engaged and there is so much character development that it ended up making me care at the end. Out of all of the characters that you root for, there is not one single character that you end up not liking.And if my memory serves me correctly, there is not one scene of exposition in this film. Not one. There are some "hints" here and there as to what is going on in the background, but from what I remember it's not explicitly stated. It leaves it up to you to put together all of the clues and I really like that about this film.I'm happy we got something original in Hollywood. Everyone craves for something original, and then everyone hates it when something original comes out. It was a nice breath to just see something so refreshing instead of plot threads being retreaded and following clichés that we see in movies nowadays. This is one of my favorite films of the year.I am going to give "The Shape Of Water" an A+.

Beautifully shot and wonderfully stylised but come on...what a crock of ****. Don't get me wrong, I love SciFi, but this Creature from the Black Lagoon love story just doesn't hold water.

A woman in love with a fish ..
what message this movie is trying to send?
any form of weird relationships is Okay?
I have no idea how this movie got so much awards

Just an odd movie. Definitely different, but lacked believability, if you accept the premise.

What complete and utter BS, this is a perfect example of the Kings new clothes, I am neither slow witted nor crass but in all honesty this film is completely ridiculous.

It's one of these films that gives these elitist arty types platform to say "You small people are too stupid to understand this"No - the film is stupid!

It's so funny that I went to watch this movie in a theater just after I was so disappointed by the latest Tarentino (Quint being in my top 5 Directors of all times), Hateful Eight, I just watched on a big Home Cinema on Netflix.
Here, it is such a great story, so inventive and colorful, so well played, with such great decors and outfits and hairstyle from the 50's or 60's (man, the cars, all so beautiful!). Congratulations Guillermo, you did a really great job here, not the first time, I loved Pan's labyrinth and Hellboy as well back in the day, that movie is first quality and deserves the prices it got granted.

The director Guillermo del Toro delivers a timeless story of love and terror mixing different influences since 60's noir and espionage films passing through Walt Disney's tales until German terror movies from the beginning of 20's century. Actually, he offers well-built scenes showing the little monsters and lovers that inhabit each one of the film's characters when they cross the creature way, an Amazon human form being that embodies nature itself. The main character is a mute janitor working to a military scientific facility where the creature is studied. The screenplay chooses her to bare both the social prejudice of being handicapped and a housecleaning hard worker. In fact, she lives stoically her life while dreaming of a better one in her bathtub of a small apartment over an old cinema theater. Thus, from this little place, she plans how to release the creature and herself. The last scene brings the film's synthesis encapsulated in two sentences: "when you don´t see the form, the form is everywhere". A final message that portrays the possibility of being loved no matter form you and your love have. Great film!

Just saw The Shape of Water and it a masterpiece.
This movie is so beautiful it so tragic and magical.
The actors are amazing and deliver some really good performances, performances that's actually deserve to be nominated. The visuals were stunning the quality of the image was epic. The direction was done perfectly. One of the weirdest but most beautiful love story I have ever seen. This movie was a dream I felt different watching this movie. The romance was touching the characters were so charming. The gory stuff was really welll done it followed everything, it felt like a real life situations even if the main story was about a monster. This movie was just so well done it deserve itself a nomination at the Oscar for best Picture ! Watch it, it can be hard to watch but it beautiful just give it a try and give it time it no Action movie, it a good movie a must see !

It's a bestiality love story about a woman who falls in love with a Fish-man and they have sex. Only Hollywood with laud something so despicable. That's the whole movie.

A Mexican writer, producer, and director wins Oscars for a movie about an alien who has a great deal of unseen potential, cannot speak English and is sweet and innocent. A mute woman and a black woman are the starlets. A white man is the monster that tries to kill all of the former. There is an artist that assists the 'good guys'. This movie is as bad as any bad propaganda flic that John Wayne made on a bad day. The symbolism here would make Kazan roll over in his grave. Was this film ordered up by the DNC? ...shakes head and walks away.

I was stunned this year when they announced the winner for the best picture category at the Oscars. How could it possibly be that a movie whose description reads like a low budget horror film from the fifties could win top prize? And from a director known for movies filled with comic book heroes, monsters, ghosts and tales of fantasy? And yet it happened. Now that movie makes its way to disc.The film takes place in the early 1960s in a government run research facility. Unlike most places we've seen in the past this location actually employs people to do real every day jobs like clean the place up. Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins) is a young mute woman who works the janitorial staff alongside her friend Zelda Fuller (Octavia Spencer). When not working she shares an apartment over a movie theater with her advertising artist best friend Giles (Richard Jenkins).Something big is going on at the facility with the arrival of several people. First is a scientists named Dr. Hoffstetler (Michael Stuhlbarg), followed by special agent Richard Strickland (Michael Shannon). The third arrival shows up in a tank, an amphibious being or fish man played wonderfully by Doug Jones. Captured in South America by Strickland the two have an adversarial disposition to one another.But Elisa sees something the others don't in the amphibian man. She sees a kindred spirit, another person who is different from the rest and ridiculed or tortured for it. Seeing the cattle prod tipped in blood used by Strickland on the creature she decides to reach out to it instead. She shares her lunch with the creature, nothing more than hard boiled eggs, but in treating it kindly she breaks through to him.None of this is noticed by the research team. She, like several characters in the film, are ghostlike non-entities, people who are there but never seen by those they work among. The only person who witnesses her communicating with the creature is Hoffstetler. But he won't reveal this. Why? Because he's a Russian spy sent to gather information and possibly steal the creature if possible.The story fluctuates between the tenderness and bond that forms between Elisa and the creature, the mean spirited, bitter and cruel treatment that Strickland pushes on any and every one (including his wife) and the characters found in the periphery here. Each contributes something to the forward movement of the story. Giles is gay and shunned but the film doesn't focus on that. Blacks are turned away from a restaurant he visits. Zelda is talked down to by her husband.Halfway through the film the decision is made to destroy the creature. Elisa and her friends set out to rescue him before that can happen. They succeed and take him to her apartment where she keeps him in the bathtub. It is here that her fondness for the creature morphs into not just affection but love as the couple become intimate with one another. It's become one of the more controversial moments in the film but needn't be coming off as more natural than most love scenes in films these days.But we know that the bad guy, Strickland, will eventually be pushed to become the evil government force that thinks only of killing anything they find. It's a slow buildup to that point and when it happens in the third act you know something will change the lives of all involved before the final reel.I've always been a big fan of Guillermo del Toro. While I've missed one or two of his films, I've yet to see one that I thought was bad. He has a visual style all his own, one that brings the fantasy realms to the screen and makes them believable. He does that here again creating a world, a creature and a romance between species that makes sense if that's possible. A fan of monster movies he turns the tables here making the hero the monster and the monster the hero. And it works incredibly well.The acting here by all involved is great as well. Kudos must go to Sally Hawkins for her bringing life to a character who has no way of speaking except with her hands, face and body language. She does so with skill. And while he may be ignored consistently by the Academy Doug Jones brings to life a creature that emotes through his body like no one else can. He's done this time and time again and never gets recognized for it. Shame on those who think the only way an actor acts is through the language they project.In the end the movie may not be for everyone. There is nudity and sexual situation that mean the kids can't sit in while you watch it. But for adults who understand the circumstances the story revolves around and who can find the romance beneath the makeu

This movie was not worth the hype. Watched it because it won best picture, it didn't deserve to even be on that list. So unbelievably bad. Don't watch.

The latest beautiful film by the dark fairy tale fantasy director Guillermo del Toro reminds me of hearing 40 year olds talk about what they got out of going to college . It seems that you get what you put into it. I'd claim the same goes for this collective homage film that will certainly open your eyes through many theatrical portals. I found an immediate thought of the French movie "Amelie" due to the quiet nature of our protagonist and the smart and artful use of color. It's a romantic viewing for those who appreciate such things and yearn for a better nature in ourselves. This 1960's period piece, set in Baltimore, Maryland, certainly doesn't look like any John Waters film I ever saw, but the small city with a chip on it's shoulder is carried well by the outsider and monster of the movie played by Michael Shannon. Yes, his characters' depth won't go past wading levels, but the fim isn't about character depth, and the story is the star. The movie has a collective voice of characters who, although silenced by the social indignities of that time, rose above themselves for the greater good. Octavia Spencer is understated but is our eyes as an outsider and our conscience as a friend. The only person who this doesn't hold true is Elisa, our protagonist, part mousey mute and part "quite female" to say the least. She's daring on a number of issues, but it feels as for personal gain, despite the pure heart angle. I will watch this again to see if I come away with that same sentiment. The "asset" is more reminicent of the Watchmans' Dr. Manhattan in it's perfect masculine form, allowing the romance to be "somewhat" believable, but it does appear one-sided for the majority of the film, so not sure how to handle the folks grabbing their pitchforks about their time with the film. If you love film beauty and are willing to spend time away from your everyday troubles, this flick works in it's own way. Predictable, sure, but vividly engaging!

The Shape of Water stands out for the way Guillermo del Toro is able to give this fantasy-laden film such a distinct time and place, in this case a military research facility set in the 1960's, which highlights del Toro's masterful screenwriting ability. The writing is further gilded by its intellectual depth, with characters remarking about the origin of certain words and names, or drawing on biblical references to better frame the predicaments they're in. And if del Toro only wrote the screenplay, he'd still be receiving acclaim, yet this entire production is his. All told, he's credited as the writer, director, and producer.The film exhibits an alluring, Amelie-like color profile, with water motifs throughout, featuring a career-making performance by Sally Hawkins. The selective use of nudity and sexuality adds a real sense of depth and fullness to her role, making the character seem that much more lifelike, and Hawkins certainly makes the most of it.Her performance is quite simply magnanimous. She's outwardly tender and sweet, with an inner strength and resolve that manifests itself whenever the occasion calls. It's a combination of perfect casting and the actress rising to the occasion that, in my estimation, places her as the odds on favorite to win the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an actress in a drama, for which she's currently nominated, and the Academy Award in the same category, for which she most certainly will be nominated.

I was not a fan of the trailer with all of its syrupy sweet, cliché-riddled abundance but after it achieved the Oscar I felt there must be something in it of value. It's an odd fantasy that one either buys into or not. I was a "not" because the fantasy was not interesting to me. I can understand a strong curiosity and friendship with a monster but the lovemaking went to far for me. I'm a David Lynch fan, I love French new wave, I'm into non-mainstream film but not interspecies sex. It is beautifully photographed and technically flawless. Acting balances between strong and comical. Obviously as a monster fantasy the viewer has to suspend some reality but scenes like the bathroom filling with water and the dance number had me sighing.

I have only one thing to say regarding this rather disturbed, meaningless movie: I just want to forget it. Usually, I agree that Oscar winning movies are the best in that certain year, but this movie... what the hell were they thinking at?

I was not prepared for this movie. I mean I knew there was something out of the ordinary in it but I was just not ready for it. It's like Amelie x The Fly, that's the best way I can put it so at least you kinda know what you're getting into.Elisa is a mute that works as a cleaner for a US government facility that has recently come into possession an "asset" that might prove useful in pushing the US forward against USSR in the Space Race. In time she develops an understanding with the creature and moves heaven and earth in order to save it from experimentation and possible extermination.Bringing this extraordinary story to life is a mix of kooky characters led by Elisa played by Sally Hawkins, who was able to communicate more than those who had speaking lines attesting to her well-deserved Oscar nomination for Best Actress. The relatable Giles (he has a cat! he loves showbusiness! he has a crush on the pie guy!) is Richard Jenkins (who you might remember from HBO's Six Feet Under), Dmitri the Soviet spy you'll root for portrayed by the talented Michael Stuhlberg (if you thought Timothee Chalamet will have a problem choosing where to sit at the Oscars, at the Call Me By Your Name or Lady Bird section, Michael has CMBYN, the Post and then this movie). Also worth mentioning is Michael Shannon as Strickland who's a menacing presence to behold more so even than the creature in his possession.What I like about the movie is it celebrates the outcasts of society: a Spanish mute, a lonely old gay man, an African-American woman who lives for her husband, and the captured creature itself. We often see through the eyes of gorgeous leading men and women, but what it's like to be among the loneliest of the lonely? This movie answers it and it's not as sad as one would think. There's a certain beauty in the way they live their lives.After watching, I didn't know how to feel or am quite unable to put into words what my thoughts are of it. I feel like I was assaulted, but not really, you know? Maybe it's one of the movies that you either get it or you don't and I'm glad this was one of those times that I did.Favorite Quote: "Unable to perceive the shape of You, I find You all around me. Your presence fills my eyes with Your love, It humbles my heart, For You are everywhere."

I didn't watch The Shape of Water in theatre and finally gave in to curiosity and watched on demand. This was one of the worst movies I've watched in years and a waste of my time to watch. Perhaps SOW is what now passes for artistic movies. Unfortunately, it seems to ignore what many movie lovers want - an even slightly believable plot. The concept of "willing suspension of disbelief" is thrown out the window and replaced with a plot and characters that was just plain silly and unbelievable.
The only part of the movie I enjoyed was when for a moment it appeared that most of the major characters were dead at the end. Artistically, they died at the opening credits.
Once upon a time movies were made by studios that wanted to make a product that their customers wanted to see - an entertaining movie/story. Now, apparently movies are made by so called artist, who want to push their "art" onto the rest of us, regardless of whether it's entertaining or not.
If this is what now wins "Best Picture" in the Oscars, we're in for a long dry spell. I give this mind numbingly boring crap 1 star out of 10.

This movie was stupid. Plain and simple. I want my 2 hours back. Don't waste your time.

First we got the LGBT libs, now we got people falling in love with fish lol. On a serious note, it might've been a cool movie if it wasn't a love story. But since thats not the case, this movie is just freaking weird

I fell in love with this movie from the opening scene. It is everything a great movie should be -- a compelling story with wonderful characters; it looks amazing, both through natural cinematography and visual effects; it is familiar enough to be warm yet new enough to be boldly original; the casting is perfect.
 
I originally saw this at a press screening at The Toronto International Film Festival in September and I was so enthralled that I did something I have never done before: I went back to see the same movie again at the same film festival. The second viewing was in The Elgin Theatre in Toronto which is used as a key location in the film, so the audience erupted into applause when we reached the main scene set there -- we were watching the characters standing in a cinema in 1960s Baltimore, yet they were in the very cinema in which we were watching them! It was the icing on the cake in terms of sealing the magic into the viewing experience. I even sat in the same row of the cinema as the characters in the movie were placed.
 
I had the privilege of attending writer/director Guillermo del Toro's screen talk at The London Film Festival and hearing more about the production, including its childhood connection to Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954). Simply wonderful.

Take E.T., mash it up with the aesthetic sentiments of Amelie, throw in a dash of The Artist, top it all off with some amazingly open-minded attitudes toward bestiality and you have The shape of Water.Elisa Esposito is a cleaner at a government facility where top secret projects are kept. Her life is pretty hum-drum until one day she meets a creature from the deep at work and gives him an egg. She instantly falls in love with the beastie and talks her bestie Giles, an aging artist with relationship problems of his own, into helping her mount a rescue. Along the way she receives initially reluctant assistance from her workmate, Zelda, as well as the help of a kind-hearted Soviet spy named Dimitri.Visually, the movie is quite nice, the soundtrack was also very well chosen, but as a story the film seemed not to be able to make up its mind exactly what it wanted to be. The romance was rushed and never really felt believable, the best friend neighbor was only likeable sometimes, it seemed to want to make some sort of a social statement about male culture in the 50s, but this was only given, at best a superficial treatment; it kept toying with the idea of becoming a musical right up until it sort of did in a number that seemed as out-of-place, awkward and forced as the romance between Esposito and the creature from the deep.All in all I'd say that this would be one of those films to watch with friends some night for a laugh, but don't expect much more than unintended comedy, as it's otherwise an utter mess.

The only point of the movie seemed to be showing a horny mute have sex with herself or a creature from the black lagoon wannabe. I suppose it could also appeal to those who like watching savage brutality for it's own sake. Everyone in the movie is broken beyond repair.

I never want to watch this film. Disgudting.. 🤢
When I watch this film, I said, hmmm oscar film. Aaahhh never ever.

Let me fictive u this movie in short boring predictable and nothing new accept fish having sex with human I still don't understand how this movies a pure garbage won best picture instead of three billiboard outside Missouri which was outstanding well Oscar is sometime bias

Beautiful to look at, intriguing story and a great cast. What's not to like. Well, everything. In past times this would have been a Corman type 'b' picture. In today's age of media control it is Oscar winning art. Sorry, this is a poorly executed excuse for entertainment. Racism, bigotry, diversity, big brother,the cold war all played out in a base way with every plot line telegraphed. Hype will not persuade me this was the best film of 2018. Sadly disappointed and totally bemused by the the high ratings.

Fantastic back drop, costumes etc, it looks great. The storyline is weak , obvious, ridiculous. Shocked at how highly rated this movie is.

I think this was a highly overrated film. I feel like the amphibian creature was definitely not human enough to form a 'relationship' with let alone taking it to that next step. Overall I think the movie was dull and at best, slightly weird.

Really Del Toro? This constitute a love story?
This movie is designed for shut-in crazy cat ladies who dream of banging inanimate objects...for life. Then the Pinocchio comes to life.
Though beautiful in its art design, why does everything in this world look like a terrible sound stage? It's not magical, mystical or captivating. It's gross and awkward and mean. People brought their children to this movie. And saw 1) middle aged chesticles 2) Michael Shannon humping his wife brutally. It was so awkward and not the least bit "romantic." Can anyone explain how a top secret facility with a Fishman can still allow a woman to have lunch and play Glenn Miller records in the company of?! What nonsense is this? Oh right, it's a fable. Or something. Wait, how does Michael Shannon tell biblical stories in a fable. Wow is that meta.
This movie is just awkward. You stumble out of the theater just flabbergasted at what passes as romance these days. This mute chick will do it with anything.

This movie SUCKED! I have requested a refund for the $5.99 I paid to watch this piece of crap. Holy moly! I did watch the whole thing and the only part I enjoyed was the ending. If I had seen the Oscar noms/wins first I would NEVER have watched this movie. The last time I agreed with an Oscar pick for Best Movie was in 1962 for Lawrence of Arabia. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS MOVIE!

Was anxiously awaiting viewing this "Oscar Winning Film". Where do I go to get these two hours of my life back. I found myself incapable of suspending reality this far. I found the entire ordeal mind numbing.

I can't believe this got nominated for anything! What a terrible film.SPOILER
********************************************************************************************Basically the aquaman guy from Hellboy (idea totally stolen, even went as far as eating boiled eggs) falls in love with a mute woman. Not much else happens except some form of fish beastiality (is that a thing) then she grows gills and they live happily ever after.It looked like it was going to be really interesting, It was far from it.

How does this film win an Oscar!!??
It is so boring! I was praying for the movie to end after 20 min.
It is so predictable that I guessed every single thing that was going to happen!
The story developement is super rushed, there is no character development and the characters have no basis, they just act randomly and based in nothing!
It is an emptiness of ideas!Except for the music that is spot on and the great acting of Sally Hawkins (the lady that can not speak), the movie is just simply awful!Del Toro, PLEASE!!! don't make a movie like this ever again!

The Shape Of WaterDragging a man by holding his mouth with only two fingers and crushing or pulling out one's wrecked fingers and a cat being eaten by are not only the scenes that will give you goosebumps but it also lets you cringe yourself on the seat whilst on the other side of it it also contains some genuinely beautiful and innocent scenes like common taste of music and sense of similar symptoms and one of the best is water dripping in the theater. The Shape Of Water isn't just a good movie that came across this year; "year" isn't the territory it fits in, it is one of the decades or centuries finest of all. Guillermo del Toro sings all of his love to the phantasmagorical genre films on the highest note possible raising the bar for everyone which won't be easy to surpass. Sally Hawkins; as I have mentioned earlier too, is just soothing on the screen, her calmness, rage, love, fear or even funny emotions just rain drops all over the movie. Michael Shannon is dreadful in it and with all his furious in his eyes and persona he completely overpowers the opposite actors on screen and along with the help of some of the best actors doing their best work (Octavia Spencer, Doug Jones and Richard Jenkins) the film manages to enter the major league easily. The Shape Of Water is filled with hope (that's irony, considering its premise), practicality, amusement and hiding along with all of this, horror.

These monster movies or whatever you call them should be fun and enjoyable to watch. This movie was slow, boring, depressing at times, subtly racists and what was the point? Basically it's set in 50's with a strong emphasis on the white male patriarchal society. Everyone but the white mail is a second class citizen. There's a water creature involved but it's like he almost takes a back seat to everything else going on in the movie. I don't even care about the nudity but it makes you wonder what is the point, Octavia Spencer plays her usual Hollywood role of fat black sassy woman and an honestly a better movie would of been about her falling in love with the sea creature. It's just a really strange weird moving mixing in elements of stereotypes and racism and sexism (since the women in this movie are secretary's or stay at home wives or "the help", the black men are docile and sub servant, and the white men are seen as all powerful except Dimitri who is Russian, and there's a gay painter who has cats and likes show tunes. I mean stick to one script what is this movie trying to be? I was so distracted by all the other stuff in the movie you can't even enjoy the "love story" I guess it was trying to be. A weird movie in my book right up there with other movies I hated like Watchmen.

So much buzz and no clue what this movie had to depict. Really worst movie.. waste of time!

One of the few films that I just could not watch until the end...I lasted about 30min and I got so bored that I just quit.

Ok, so basically the point of this film is that a human falls in love with a fish man & then suddenly sleeps with him, they end up in the sea together, under water & then the film just ends not knowing what happens 2 either of them. Started off good but then had a poor ending & it was just odd, i mean i get the little mermaid but this was just weird.

So silly and disgusting ,, overrrrrrrrrated
A don't know why or how it take the oscar ??

The academy jury must have watched the movie on acid. Simply unbelievable this movie won best picture. Ludicrous!

I never write review on IMDb, but because of this film I have to do it.First of all, I totally don't understand why this film won the Oscar. I have never seen a more cliché and overrated movie in my life. Don't waist time and watch Three Billboards Outside Ebbing.

I saw this today after looking forward to it on the strength Guillermo's earlier films and very thoroughly disappointed. The idea had the makings of a fine story but was marred with a promenade of predictable characters and obvious denouement. There was the obligatory 'Baddy' (see Avatar), the good Doctor, the singularly unconvincing Russian agents, and peripheral characters who's final demise was inevitable. It was like watching a second rate western where you knew the outcome and inevitable characters - the baddies get their comeuppance, the good triumph above all and everyone else is there to add the usual type- cast figures in the goings on. How this won best film is unbelievable, the re must have been so pretty awful stuff out there.

I found this movie very messy with the story of a fiction creature from the Amazon that one had no idea where came from. The creature just appeared in the movie. A mute cleaning lady that fell in love for no real reason. And many parts was just to over worked that it made no sense. I almost fell asleep in the movie salon and would not want anyone else to experience the same.

To begin with something I personally love the work of Del Toro, altough I haven't seen all of the movies he wrote or directed. I have to admit, that his films had always split the audience, but not in this way. When I finally watched it, (after it has already won the oscar's) there was a huge hype around the film, what i've tried to ignore during the film, but i have not succeeded. The whole film for me was a try not a won. The charachters were simple, there were dozens of unnecessary scenes (including sex scenes). The stroyline was predictible, the camera moves, and montages were simple, again. No extraordinary plot. I think this film doesn't even deserve to be 7.+. Don't expect too much and maybe you will enjoy it. Watch "Pan's Labyrinth" instead.

Stupid plot, bad acting, proof that oscars are garbage... nothing more to say...

What? Is? This? Movie? It is awful and boring and also very weird. She had sex with a fish?! Some weird fetish if you ask me

Mute ugly woman engages in full frontal nude masturbatory bath after which she discovers a water alien being mistreated. They fall in love, have sex, she helps him escape and apparently live happily ever after in the ocean. Wtf? This movie is stupid. The only redeeming feature is the set design.

Great evolved makeup and eyes on Doug Jones, although a glaring and horrible rip off of the "Creature from the Black Lagoon." Taking a good actress and making her do a gratuitous nude scene is so obvious it reeks of a Harvey Weinstein move, same with the totally unnecessary nudity of Michael Shannon in his bedroom scene, both scenes and what they represented could have been accomplished with less actor abuse. The vile comments about short people, flatulence etc was a ridiculous and ignorant addition to the dialogue of the other cleaning lady. What really ruined it for me was the dream sequence of the creature doing a ballroom dance, it shattered the atmosphere of the creature's reality as badly as Ray Liota stepping out of character in "Goodfellas" in the courtroom scene. Some of the music choices were so out of place it was like jamming a round peg into a square hole, absolutely horrendous choices of music in some spots. They should have showed the creature healing his bullet wounds much more clearly and healing her bullet wounds decisively too rather than just jump into the dirty water with bleeding internal damage, show the healing! I wanted to enjoy the movie with all the hype at the Oscar's but the aforementioned flaws ruined it not only for me but for several other fans watching with me.

Such a beautifully, weird love story. Also a story of the life of the outsiders of society during the 1960s. The monster in this movie is the "normal" everyday man. The main character Elisa never speaks, as she is mute, but she makes one feel with the emotion she portrays with her eyes and body language. In a world and time where someone like her would be seen as less than, she lives a comfortable life in a world of her own making. She seems to lack a certain something, a sense of fulfillment, maybe. 
All of this changes when "the asset" is brought into the government lab, where she works alongside her African American friend Zelda, as a janitor. Seen by everyone else as a thing, Elisa treats the Amphibian Man with kindness and develops a friendship with him. 
Other than this love story, the Shape of Water portrays a 1960s world where kindness is found in the other, outsiders, and malice is found in the "normals". It is a beautiful movie to look at, with a plot that flows.

I rarely leave reviews but I could not believe this was rated so highly. I started out with 2.5 stars because it was definitely a different story and thought it would improve, but as it progressed it got cornier by the frame. When she had sex with the creature, that was it. This is categorized as horror, really, fantasy only if you have been smoking something. Wasted 2 hours of my life. Best picture, no way.

I broke my one rule of movie watching. Do not watch movies that get awards.I really liked the opening sequence and the sets. The boobs were good too. The rest of the movie was quite silly and was not engaging. There was unnecessary negativity and gruesome scenes that also took away from the movie. Then the plot holes and cliches...Did white people in the 1960's really behave like that? I don't know as I wasn't around and I don't need my nose rubbed in it either. Changes in society are best made through positivity. Maybe the group that made this movie will go and make a Nazi defeat movie next...we need more of those too?

How many of you of observed IT was a character from HELL BOY. I mean seriously ? How can you call this movie a love story at all. I don't understand hype that is created about this movie

Really not sure why this is getting so many plaudits? Yes the art direction is pretty enough, but the pace is so slow and for me it was annoyingly whimsical!I found Sally Hawkins' studied, almost balletic way of performing really off-putting. As an example the folding of the hat against the bus window and the overly-ponderous way she laid her head against it.Apparently it cost $20 million and for me this is no surprise with the whole thing looking set-bound and claustrophobic.It was a surprise-free zone with obvious themes, cliches galore (other than the lure of the Director's name what was in it for Octavia Spencer with such a stereotypical role?), plot-holes and scenes that dragged.Reviewers seem to be adding layers of narrative and meaning, but in reality I'm really not sure there's enough there to bother.#disappointed

I don't know how this movie won 4 Oscars, especially Oscar for best picture. What the hell happened with this world? This is the dumbest story I've ever seen and the dumbest script ever! The acting is bad too. This movie is very boring and dumb. The only good thing about this movie is Michael Shannon, but his character is very similar with the character that he played in Boardwalk Empire.
Tons of awards don't make a movie great. I've lost my faith in Academy Awards long time ago.
For anyone who didn't watch this movie and want to see it: DON'T! Please avoid this movie, you will lose 2 hours of your life. This movies is an insult to everyone's intelligence.

The Shape of Water is noted director Guillermo del Toro's vastly overrated attempt to link mythic fantasy to the Cold War era. The problem with the film is its absurd premise: there's a secret government facility in Baltimore which houses an amphibian humanoid captured earlier in the Amazon by bad guy Colonel Richard Strickland (a cartoon, right wing martinet adventurer) played by an over the top Michael Shannon.Even if one accepts the premise (which I of course do not), you would think that security would be tight at the facility to ensure no unauthorized persons have access to the creature. Quite conveniently, however, the film's protagonist, the mute cleaning lady, Elisa (who communicates via sign language), is permitted to perform her cleaning duties inside the room where the newly minted "creature from the black lagoon" is imprisoned and easily ends up bonding with him (or it-which ever appellation you prefer!). Elisa soon hatches a plan to save the creature from the dastardly clutches of Strickland, and Strickland's sponsor, another vile right wing martinet, General Frank Hoyt. Of course the more than noble Elisa is joined by friends and confederates, all again quite conveniently joined at the hip by distinct, commonly held LIBERAL convictions. These associates include Elisa's best friend Zelda, played by Octavia Spencer in the familiar role as African-American "help" (will she ever be cast as the "bad guy" in any future films?), Giles, Elisa's neighbor, an artist and closeted gay, and a sympathetic scientist Dr. Robert Hoffstetler, who is actually a Soviet spy (note that Hoffstetler's superiors, are very much Strickland's counterparts, as they also evince a most unpleasant demeanor).Elisa somehow ends up ferreting the creature out of the facility after she learns of Strickland's deadline to vivisect it, allegedly for scientific purposes. Back at her apartment, she keeps the creature alive in a tub filled with salt water. Once the river is at full tide, the plan is to remove the creature from the apartment and bring it to safety, in the watery refuge.Meanwhile, the creature's dark side becomes slightly manifest when it attempts to take a bite out of a house cat (animal lovers do not despair: the creature is unsuccessful in significantly injuring the little kitty!). Giles is more than happy after it becomes apparent the creature has healing powers, touching Giles on his bald pate, and inducing some hair growth. And Elisa experiences pure bliss after discovering that the creature's genitalia is actually hidden and with a little coaxing, can actually engage in sexual intercourse (the act actually takes place in Elisa's bathroom, now completely flooded to the ceiling).Strickland, about to be fired by General Hoyt following the creature's disappearance, remains frustrated by not being able to find the lost amphibian (you would have thought that maybe he could have figured it out earlier that Elisa was the number one suspect). Strickland finally finds out from Zelda's terrified husband after unmercifully browbeating him, that Elisa is indeed the culprit who has sprung the creature from Strickland's deadly lair.No need to describe the rest of the plot in detail. Suffice it to say, there is a confrontation with Strickland who shoots both our heroes, only to meet his own demise at the hands of the creature, who miraculously recovers from Strickland's bullet to the gut. Elisa also revives (despite her wounds) and joins the creature in a blissful embrace underwater. How is this accomplished? Well, it seems Del Toro has kept his clues about Elisa's true nature from us all along. She's also some kind of long lost creature, and the wounds on the side of her neck, are actually gills-so she experiences some kind of re-awakening, again most conveniently while embracing her new found "king."I actually have a friend who sees the denouement as some kind of Gnostic allegory. Of course anyone can read into this narrative, anything they want. But the fantasy element certainly seems way out of place with this Cold War tale which also has problems of its own, with its rather cheap triumph of liberal do-goodism over stereotypical right-wing demagoguery.

I recently saw this on a plane on a long haul flight - thank goodness I didn't pay to see it. A modern day Beauty & The Beast tale. Ludicrous plot and terrible ending - the only redeeming feature was Sally H's good acting. Don't bother with this one.

With all respect to the producers , directors ,actors & everyone who made this movie . this is so bad .. it says in the description :"Adventure , Drama,Fantasy" 
i kept looking for adventure but i didn't manage to find any .. if you mean two ladies could steal a creature out of a highly secured laboratory or a fish biting the fingers of a man , then sorry .. adventure movie makers will be sad to see this .. 
Drama , a mute girl is cleaning the floors , an old gay man is alone , lady continuously complaining about her husband .. that's not a drama .. a love between a human and a fish ? this is unrealistic , fake and awkward .. the idea and concept itself is very weird and stupid .. it has no sense and logic ..
It is indeed a fantasy .. you've tried to put fantasy into real world in a very bad and boring way .. 
i tried to make sense of anything but it's not possible .. by far , the worst movie i'v watched . i expected so much better based on the awards and rating but i am totally wrong..

Didn't know what to expect of this movie after watching the trailer. After hearing all the buzz, I had to see it. I left the theater saying, WOW.....that was a great story! Oscar worthy.

Elisa is a mute, isolated woman who works as a cleaning lady in a hidden, high-security government laboratory in 1962 Baltimore. Her life changes forever when she discovers the lab's classified secret -- a mysterious, scaled creature from South America that lives in a water tank. As Elisa develops a unique bond with her new friend, she soon learns that its fate and very survival lies in the hands of a hostile government agent and a marine biologist.

The shape of water was a very beautiful film by Guillermo Del Torro. Being my first experience with this director, I was surprised by the contrast of romance and love with anger and outsiders. The element of love was extended over various scenes and was created very well. However, I find it quite dissapointing by including the mention and visual representation of intercourse with the amphibian. To conclude, I thoroughly enjoyed this film and found it well produced and directed very well, I feel eight stars would be a perfect review.

Suspension of belief is what makes movies, like "The Shape of Water", enjoyable. I think some of these low rating reviews are people focused way too far in on the logistics and probability of this actually happening in real life. Just enjoy the highly stylized and magical little universe Del Toro has created. I loved his movie so much! This isn't you're regular action-packed sci-fi flick and that's ok. It stands out, for me the plot was built in a way that made me really care about this characters, which doesn't happen often for me. This is, in bulk, a romance movie. To be able to enjoy this movie you can't sit there and think about "how this could actually happen in reality". Just enjoy the movie as entertainment. Sure the movie is quirky, but that's just another reason to love it. I know this movie won't be everyone's cup of tea but I stand by the movie. I think another thing that might help people enjoy it more is when you reflect on the movie after they reveal that she too, is like the Amphibian Man. Think about how all the little things hint to her being like the Amphian Man, like the scars on her neck, hard boiled eggs, the scales on the wallpaper in her bathroom, and even the masturbation scenes. The main point of this review is just to remind viewers that it's ok not to take everything so serious and to just enjoy the ride.

The Shape of Water is Guillermo del Toro's latest epic. We follow Eliza (Sally Hawkins), a mute cleaning assistant and her friend Zelda (Octavia Spencer) as they work deep within a military facility in Cold War United States. Of interest in this facility is "The Asset", an amphibian creature of deep intelligence and equally deep ferocity. Its captor, Strickland, is an unfeeling sadist who cannot love but can control and torment. He simply wants a promotion from his military superiors and tortures The Asset at every turn.Thankfully for the Asset, he is discovered by Eliza, who befriends him and helps him escape to her apartment space, which she shares with Giles, an advertising cartoonist who is falling behind the times, as photography is taking over at present. Giles and Eliza communicate well and he helps her store our amphibian friend, and ultimately befriend and save it. The Shape of Water offers much beyond the story, however. It is a visual treat, the interior of the mysterious facility rendered with a remarkable sterility, Giles' apartment comfortable and replete with a bachelor's sundries. References to Soviet spies abound, and one is in fact an integral part of the story.See the Shape of Water for its brilliant acting, fine special effects and perhaps even to regain hope for love between differences.

I saw the Shape of Water in my local theater today. I saw the eloquence of the mute. I saw people who are truly monsters become the monsters they are. I saw the true nature of decency and the life-affirming challenge of loving someone who is different. I saw the cruel way that gods are treated and the terrifying innocence and the absolution of water. In short, it's an ordinary love story told via an extraordinary baptism.

I find the movie enyoable. It has everithing: suspense, romance, fantasy with a vintage touch. Great directing by del Toro as usual, and Sally Hawkins and Octavia Spencer made an excelent performance, and what can i say of Michel Shannon, just amaizing and convincing. The monster is a mix of horror, beauty, miracle, etc.

I think the title of the review is enough to tell you that do not miss it. There was nothing like this movie at all last year(except for Blade Runner). The characters. story, direction, visuals, music score everything works for the movie. The love story between a Monster and a Human is presented in a mesmerizing way. The fact that the two of them are similar in some respects (Both communicate to others through sign language) and tats why they understand and fall for each other is strikingly , beautifully portrayed. Don't Miss the movie.

Beauty and the Beast. Girl and the Gill-man. Guillermo del Toro's THE SHAPE OF WATER is a charming, funny, sensual and horrific love story and the best film Guillermo has done since Pan's Labyrinth. It's a hilarious 1950s Soviet-era sci-fi romance with a very nice, bloody touch of horror.Elisa, a mute woman played by the adorable Sally Hawkins, works at a top secret laboratory in Baltimore as a cleaning lady. Every night she visits THE CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON, who has been captured and is being experimented on by the evil Strickland played by Michael Shannon. Elisa falls in love with the creature and she has to get the creature out before he's killed.The brilliant DOUG JONES plays THE CREATURE. He's a perfect interpretation of Universal's Gill-Man. This could be a sequel to the original Black Lagoon film. Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer are also charming supporting roles.

A modern fairy-tale centered around the uncanny power of sexuality. Perfect art direction, and Sally Hawkins is a force (she was the best thing about Blue Jasmine, too). The beginning was more Jeunet than delToro, a few hints of Amelie and City of Lost Children, but the movie found its voice about 20 minutes in. It positively revels in its B-movie tropes (Michael Shannon's first scene sets the tone) and takes them to extremes which were not possible back then when the originals were shot, without changing the basic sensibilities.Was there something not to like? There's a side-plot about enemy agents which is completely superfluous; every scene we spend with those cardboard Russians is a scene wasted imho; ads nothing to the story and takes us away from the protagonists. In a fairy-tale things should be kept simple. But overall, while not delToro's best, The Shape of Water is definitely worth a ticket.

This the worst movie I have seen all year. Slow, boring, and a rip off of The Creature from the Black Lagoon. It was a complete waste of time watching it. Why it would get the oscars it did just shows what Hollywood has become. Nothing original about it.

The shape of water is a movie where the director thinks that lonely women could be desperate enough to love a fish. It's shallow, and if the director was judging discrimination by his movie, he practiced it specifically by his way of looking at women

A filmstory that is typical for Del Toro. A lovestory very nicely told combined with a not overdone societal critique. Containing multiple Layars and an eye for detail, that in the end you know you must watch this lovely story multiple times.

Imagine you're watching a classic Disney fairy tale, like 'Beauty and the Beast' or 'Snow White'. Now take that formula, and mold it to fit a mature tone, a 1960's Cold War setting, with unique lead characters and a touch a supernatural fantasy. Sounds a little bizarre, right? The Shape of Water not only proves the odd mix of elements can work, but does so with an exclamation point, creating a surprisingly outstanding work of film.The Shape of Water is, at heart, an adult fairy tale. Director and writer Guillermo del Toro's vision for this film is a never-before-seen take on the established fairy tale format which has stood the test of time for countless decades in film. Narratively speaking, the film doesn't necessarily innovate in terms of story progression in this particular genre. The main plot movement is still fairly standard for a love story, and the ending is easily predictable. But it's the exemplary presentation of a completely new way to experience this genre that makes The Shape of Water special. Instead of watching the love story play out between two stereotypical human leads, we see a female mute, and a strangely charming amphibian-type creature in the lead roles. As odd as it sounds, it just clicks. The structure of del Toro's script is filled with ingenious dialogue and terrific pacing, giving so much room for the heart to dive into the story and its characters. Subplots are present but not distracting to the primary narrative, they help deepen the tale and give it some room to breathe occasionally. The grimmer Cold War espionage setting weirdly blends incredibly well with the romantic fantasy tone, invoking a feeling of danger and security all at once. There are sequences of daring moments, keeping you engaged, then it streams effortlessly into a cleared, heart-warming scene. It's an unusual but greatly inviting feeling. So again, while I can't say the story itself is anything revolutionary, its del Toro's brilliantly flowing dialogue mixed with an exclusive set of tones and characters that propels this age-old storytelling formula into stardom.Del Toro is a brilliant storyteller, no doubt, but it's the underrated elements that give The Shape of Water its heart and soul. The film is backed by a simple, yet emotionally attaching score from Alexandre Desplat. The subtle and innocent sounding music is so in sync with the tone set on the screen, it gives another layer of depth to be consumed. It may not be a blockbuster action epic, but the cinematography and overall production value is superb, from the scenery to the wowing view of Amphibian Man's design. Smart little nuances cause the soul of the film to thrive and del Toro and his crew get additional recognition for that.As romantic movie duos go, this one may just take the cake in terms of pure abnormality, but it also might take the cake as one of the best. There's Elisa Esposito, a lonely mute janitor trapped in a life of isolation and Amphibian Man, the out of place creature being used for research at a top-secret US facility. The charming nature of Elisa is written extremely well, its easy to develop a love for the character who seems so innocent, and in her motives, which are just to find happiness in the company of others. The writing of Elisa is splendid, but actress Sally Hawkins deserves monumental praise for a delightful performance, especially in the role of a mute. Hawkins uses facial expressions and physical language to convey her emotions expertly, so well that there's little effort from a viewing standpoint to become attached to the character. Opposite Hawkins is Doug Jones who is excellent playing the role of Amphibian Man. He isn't necessarily unique in the way that we've seen his character type before; the outcast creature inconsiderately being beaten down, with a character on the opposite side that sees through a frightening exterior. But his mysterious origins and subsequent powers give a defining trait to the character, and it's his interactions with Elisa that make the character work. I didn't expect, but would have loved to see more background development for Amphibian Man. His mystical roots crack the door open for larger storytelling, but for this smaller contained story, what we got was all we needed. Hawkins and Jones lead the charge for the cast but with two lead characters who don't speak, a rock solid supporting cast in vital, and it certainly is here. Octavia Spencer brings her charisma to the role of Zelda, Elisa's work friend, a character that Elisa feeds off and becomes incredibly likeable, as with most of Spencer's roles. Richard Jenkins is equally as charming as Giles, Elisa's housemate, and the two have fantastic dialogue. Giles also gets a subplot of his own, which pans out satisfyingly in the scope of the main story. Michael Shannon rounds it out in the antagonist role of government agent Richard Strickland, and Shannon is awesome. The character's writing does at times feel a bit dull or rudimentary, but Shannon's rousing performance gives the danger this film needs to counter its romantic charm, he's excellent in the role. "A fairy tale for a troubled time". This was the description of the film given by del Toro himself, and there's no better way to put it. It treads into familiar storytelling ground in terms of a romantic love story, but totally reinvents how we look at it. Darker fantasy tones mix with pleasingly pleasant characters, none more so than the leads themselves, to create a fairy tale we really haven't seen before and it's absolutely wonderful. Guillermo del Toro finally earned his Oscar wins with The Shape of Water, a truly unique, unequivocally rewarding fairy tale.9/10

There are many dimensions to the Shape of Water. Ultimately it is a love story. It is a love that seems to defy reason. Elisa (Sally Hawkins) is a janitor working at a government facility, where one day she comes across a mysterious amphibian man like creature (Doug Jones), captured by government agent Richard Strickland (Michael Shannon). Due an injury as a toddler, Elisa cannot talk, and neither can he. From the outset, this relationship between Elisa and the creature is bizarre, and difficult to comprehend. But, if you look closer, their love is the most pure, and the simplest form you could find. They saw each other for who they are, and accepted it. To her, he isn't just a freak of nature. She is fascinated by who he is, and shows kindness and respect for him. Having been isolated and repressed for so long, she finally had someone who didn't judge for her for disability. Although neither of them could talk, they communicated most honestly and warmly. Hawkins and Jones ensured that Elisa and the creature's common language was their authenticity and their vulnerability. Water had a profound symbolic significance for this story. The Shape of Water suggests something is undefined and has no distinctive shape. Water gave oxygen to Elisa and the creature's love. Two of the most memorable scenes in the film involved masterful, artistic use of water. Without water, he could not survive, and she shows her love through being in water with him. Water is their love and freedom and director Guillermo Del Toro lets it bring to the scenes an elegant tranquillity. Hawkins, who was terrific in Blue Jasmine, gave another outstanding performance here. Although she didn't utter a word here, we could still see her soul. Her character and performance reminded of Amy Adams in the Arrival - the anticipation, the apprehension, and curiosity is all portrayed with heartfelt emotion. Del Toro cleverly employs a couple of side-characters to act as her interpreter for us. Through them, we get clear confirmation for what she is thinking, but really, Hawkins had already communicated what she needed to. Those side characters - Giles (Richard Jenkins) - a gay artist Elisa lives with, Zelda (Octavia Spencer) - an African American janitor who works with Elisa and Dr Hoffstetler (Michael Stulbarg) - a scientist who is also a Russian spy during the Cold War, all had something in common with Elisa, they are oppressed and have struggled through torment. Perceived as underdogs, and not really belonging to society, perhaps Del Toro wanted to show that the greatest tolerance comes from those that are already repressed. A monster isn't defined by its appearance. Del Toro boldly contrasts Shannon's Strickland with the creature, and let us decide who the real monster is. I could always rely on Shannon to portray a villain who is despicable, yet immensely intriguing. Strickland is icy cold, and Shannon infuses him with a fierce desperation that is deadly, but relatable. He is tortured on the inside and on the outside, and is often infuriated with himself. I found it amusing that he forces himself to only have positive thoughts - it shows that he is constantly running from the truth. We can see that he constructs a façade that isn't him - a family, a luxury car. It is quite intelligent that Strickland's character accentuates the qualities we value in our protagonists - that is truth, honesty and kindness. I could always trust Del Toro to imagine a world that is exquisitely colourful and exuberant (much like Crimson Peak, Pan's Labyrinth). I have always thought of the theatre as a very romantic place, and to have Elisa live on top of one, was the perfect setting for her romantic heart. The introduction of Elisa and the exposition was expertly crafted, with Alexandre Desplat's buoyant score skilfully complementing the vibrance of her character. The only thing I would have loved to see more of, was the development of Elisa and the creature's relationship, But perhaps it was that simple. We humans tend to complicate love. Perhaps silent dialogue is more truthful than a spoken one. The Shape of Water has elements of many genres. It is not an extremely comfortable film to watch - there are some graphic details of violence, and for some, it will be a strange film. I'd like to describe the film was strangely poetic, and it is fantastic in that once you have a think about what the film is trying to convey - it is actually done in the most poetic way.

The Shape of Water: A Horror Film but also SF Adventure, Spy Thriller, Love Story, directed, produced and co-written (with Vanessa Taylor) by Guillermo del Toro. Beautifully filmed by cinematographer by Dan Laustin in so many shades of green, teal, aquamarine, tans, brown, gold and red which give it a 50s/early 60s feel. Wonderful production design by Paul D Austerby with a subterranean laboratory and over cinema apartments in which most of the action transpires.Mute janitor Elisa (Sally Hawkins) and her friend Zelda (Octavia Spencer) work in a military run research facility when a strange Creature (Doug Jones) is brought to the laboratory. The Creature injures Colonel Strickland (Michael Shannon) who was torturing it. Strickland captured the Creature in the Amazon and hopes to exploit its amphibious nature to advance the US Space Programme. Falling in love with the creature, Elisa enlists the help of Zelda, her neighbour Giles (Richard Jenkins) and a kindly scientist, Dr Bob (Michael Stuhlbarg) to free him from the laboratory.The Creature resembles the 1950s Creature From The Black Lagoon with aspect of Predator and ALF. Jones brings the creature to life and you can truly believe in the love which develops between them. Inter-species sex results which strangely doesn't strain credibility due ti the acting skills of Hawkins and Jones but will no doubt outrage some. Its not so long ago since director Tim Burton in Planet Of The Apes avoided a romance between Astronaut (Wahlberg) and Chimpanzee (Bonham Carter) as he feared that such a film would be shunned by cinema chains.This is also a film about loneliness, that of Elisa, Giles who is gay, Bob a stranger in a strange land, Zelda who is estranged within her marriage and of course the Creature himself. The Civil Rights struggle takes place in the background as the film is set in 1962 Baltimore. Sometimes it comes to the fore as when the man Giles longs after refuses service to a Black couple in a café. Also, all of the janitors/attendants at the research facility are Black or Hispanic but the scientists/technicians and military police are White.All of this is expertly juggled and mixed together by del Toro to make a masterpiece. 10/10.

The Shape of Water is a gorgeous achievement in film, one of the best of 2017, and one of Guillermo del Toro's finest.We'll start with a paragraph that can apply to any of del Toro's films. It's damn beautiful. Every scene, every setpiece, every emotional beat, is dripping with so much character and vibrancy that it's impossible not to be enthralled from beginning to end. Every frame is a masterpiece, and beyond that, del Toro perfectly films each shot in interesting ways that always remain appropriate for the film's tone. It feels like a finely crafted adult fairy tale. It's like a less-steampunk version of Bioshock.The casting is also brilliant for the roles. Sally Hawkins is the standout, as our protagonist, Elisa. I could not imagine anyone else doing better in this role. There wasn't a single scene, a single moment, where she wasn't perfect for what the film needs. I bought in completely.The other cast members are equally well-suited for their roles. Octavia Spencer is excellent as the foul-mouthed, funny, and caring friend and coworker. Michael Shannon's villain, while a bit over the top, certainly gets the job done and drives many scenes of the film. Richard Jenkins is a delight, as he often is. And, of course, I've got to give some credit to Doug Jones as the monster. Everything else being great, the movie still doesn't work if the monster is unconvincing or silly, and he nails it.Another standout, for me, is the score. The music is not only outstanding on its own, but actively enhances just about every scene. It never comes on too strong, it doesn't steal the show, it just gracefully supplements the on-screen action flawlessly. It's in-line with the setting, the themes, the tone, sentimental when it needs to be, and grandiose, orchestral, and sweeping during the more bombast moments. There were many moments while watching where I couldn't help but sit and smile at the gorgeousness of the film, and they were all moments where the score was in full-swing. It's perfectly appropriate for the film itself, and it's also a soundtrack that I wouldn't mind listening to on its own.While I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of the film, it wasn't without flaws:The story is quite simple. If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the entire story outside of the final five minutes. Every plot point is easy enough to predict, and every scene plays out as expected (I understand that this isn't necessarily an objective flaw. There's of course nothing inherently wrong with 'simple' stories. I just prefer writing that's generally more enigmatic, I guess). That being said, the scenes also play out with so much beauty, and every setpiece and shot is so meticulously crafted that I'm 100% fine with going along for the ride.Also, like most del Toro films, there's not much room for thought outside of the film. It gives you everything you need and more, delivers it on a silver platter topped with whipped cream, a million cherries, wrapping paper, and a bow for good measure. If you've seen a del Toro film, you know that he loves his metaphors and allegory. But there's a difference between simply putting this stuff in a film and letting the audience do some work to discover them (which, as a filmgoer, is often the most rewarding aspect of watching well-crafted movies), and repeatedly slapping you across the face with them. Again, is this an objective flaw? Certainly not. Just personal preference, so I'm not faulting it too much.Lastly, the characters are cartoonish to the point where it feels like the movie is forcing you to feel certain ways, instead of provoking free thought. There's honestly a decent moral and ethical argument in here about the treatment of a creature like this, about how exactly to proceed knowing it possesses a clear intelligence. Instead, we get an over the top, one-dimensional, pure evil villain (another del Toro staple) along with protagonists who are basically too perfect, without any flaws whatsoever. I'm better about overlooking this half of it, as they are at least incredibly charming, and Sally Hawkins is prefect for the role. Listen, given this set up, it's not difficult - at all - to get us on the protagonist's side. Trust that Sally Hawkins as Elisa will get us there (she would have, easily). You don't have to twist the audience's arm and make her go up against despicable, irredeemable evil in Michael Shannon (who is also great) in order to get us there. Just tone it down with the shades of black and white that are layered on these people. It feels like we're being forced to feel a way that we would have anyway. At the end of the day, is it a big flaw? Not really (I've certainly spent way too much time talking about it for how small of a flaw it is, honestly). The movie is great despite this. It's just something I noticed here, and is also prevalent in his other films, so I thought it was worthy of mentioning.I've spent too much time talking about flaws that really don't hurt the end product all that much. I think the movie is largely so beautiful and enjoyable that the few flaws stick out a bit more. The good elements of this are so great that I'd rather tell people to go see the movie to experience them, while the bad elements are so small and subjective that I feel like I'm obligated to explain them in more detail just to make it clear as to what I mean with my criticisms.Make no mistake, The Shape of Water is an excellent, excellent film. One of my favorites of the year, and probably my favorite Guillermo del Toro work. I'd recommend it to anyone.

I've seen some negative reviews on this and would like to argue that this movie is phenomenal. I think those who disliked it were most likely looking at this film the wrong way.It's not some fish fetish movie disguised with good cinematography. It's a meaningful and challenging piece. I won't say too much about it because I think it's down to each person to interpret, but I found it to be a wonderfully intelligent film. Del Toro is brilliant when it comes to meaning and soul in his films, and this is just another example of that fact. Highly recommend.

My mind has changed since I saw so many pompous critics.Ten stars for the most beautiful romance I've ever seen.

Guillermo del Toro is today's master of fantasy, having been a childhood lover of monsters growing up in Guadalajara, Mexico, before making some of the finest films of recent years -- from the ghostly horror of "The Devil's Backbone" in 2001 to his gothic horror/romance, "Crimson Peak" in 2015. Indubitably, however, his greatest film is "Pan's Labyrinth", the 2006 film many of us consider the finest fantasy film ever made. Now he's broken new ground with "The Shape of Water", one of 2017's most beautiful films. Set in Baltimore in the year 1962 at the height of the Cold War, the plot follows a mute janitor at a secret government laboratory who forms a bond with a captured amphibian of the "Creature of the Black Lagoon" variety. Her name is Elisa, and Sally Hawkins plays her with an artistry that seems to reach back to the silent days of Chaplin and Keaton. Michael Shannon, with devoted viciousness, plays the right-wing Colonel Strickland, someone more interested in dissecting the creature for exploitation purposes than he is concerned over the space race with the Soviets. There are also elements of religious allegory ("We're created in the Lord's image. You don't think that's what the Lord looks like, do you?"). Del Toro saw "The Creature from the Black Lagoon" on TV at 7 years old and it changed his life. Wishing a different ending for it in which the Gill Man and co-star Julie Adams would consummate their romance and live 'happily ever after', he wrote various scripts of a remake through the years that Universal studio executives wound up rejecting. "The Shape of Water" is the result of del Toro's dream, and now today, with more permissive filmmaking allowable, he's able to deal with the previously verboten issue between fish and human. The resulting film is a worthy accomplishment not only for its production design (embodying various shades of green) and its special effects, but also for attaining the level of a genuine adult fairy tale that deals with issues of trust, tolerance, and love in the human condition -- but most of all what it's like to be an outsider (whether a lonely mute woman, gay man, overweight black woman, or an amphibious sea creature). "This is a healing movie for me," del Toro states; one likes to think it would be for viewers as well.

Fantastic atmosphere, amazing camerawork, moving story. Roles of Sally Hawkins, Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins and Michael Shannon absolutely perfect. Some scenes combined with wonderful music, especially with the song You'll Never Know, are really breathtaking. Nothing more nothing less. IMO, this movie really deserves an Oscar(s). Besides, I bet you've not seen anything like it before, so it's worth seeing. An old story about love, friendship, human fears, intolerance etc., told in a new way.

Guillermo del Toro's passion project, The Shape of Water, proves that creativity can exist in the simplest of concepts. Del Toro is no stranger to monsters and their interaction with humans, but this is his most intimate, personal portrait of a fictional creature in the real world. Perhaps more than any of his other films, this one feels the most grounded in reality in terms of setting. Sure, the monster isn't very real and the fantasy-like romance exists only for the dreamers who experience this film to relish in and enjoy. This film draws obvious inspiration from Creature from the Black Lagoon. It manages to feel like an homage to it more than a direct copy of it through its creativity and attention to detail that honors its influences instead of disrespecting them. Set during the Cold War in a government research facility in Baltimore, this film finds beauty in the characters and their actions where a less thought-out film would simply set this story in a beautiful city of bright skies and city lights.Every component of this film works beautifully and effectively when considered on its own or in the context of the film as a whole. Take the cinematography for example. Dan Laustsen brilliantly lights the already aquatic-green set with even more eye-popping aquamarine lighting and tint to give the sense of visualizing things from a certain character's point of view. Even Alexandre Desplat's wonderfully majestic score sounds like it was composed by a pristine orchestra playing under water. The camera glides along the moist hallways and dripping streets as if it were floating through water. Del Toro's direction seamlessly combines all of these components to make a memorable film that belongs among the best of the year.Having seen it three times already, I am better able to appreciate how it gets to the ending as opposed to only how it ends. Less knowledgeable cinema-goers may call the basic story "childish" or "simple" based only on certain plot points, but there is a lot more that is happening beneath the surface that is innovative and creative. The characters are all special in their own way and cast the perfect actors or actresses to play them. Each protagonist was silenced, oppressed, or frowned upon by society during the time period. This film makes a statement about America in the early 1960s that could be applied today. Michael Shannon's Strickland is the obvious villain of the film and bursts with electrifying intensity as he stands between the two protagonists' relationship. From the outside and to his family, he seems to be the epitome of the hard-working, bread-winning family man that came to represent American suburban culture at the time. While the villain appears to be the common man to society, the protagonists are all rejected from society in one way or another. Everyone from a black woman to a communist, Russian spy is given a voice and characterization that transcends their stereotypes. The monster isn't who you would think it is. The Shape of Water may be a film more reliant on its production value and characterization than its story, but it certainly isn't lazy in its screenplay. The screenplay has layers, not only of characterization, but of symbolism and metaphors. It's little details like these that make the film so enjoyable and rewarding upon re-watch. Guillermo del Toro shows true passion and a particular love for film making that few film makers are able to intelligently convey in their films. On a side note, I was watching Speed the other day and was enthralled by everything about it except for the ending. Don't you hate that feeling you get when you are loving a movie, but then the ending is disappointing and you wish it could be remade with your own ending? Guillermo del Toro knows that feeling.

An absolute master-piece! This is one of those films you can watch over and over again. Great acting, beautifully written script and 2 hours went so quick I wish it never ended. I can see why they won a Oscar for this.

This film is a decidedly adult film, NOT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY ESPECIALLY KIDS. Del Toro knows when the film is made for the adults and mature audience, and when it is made for the family, where there are children may be present. It is a perfect production and goes to show you that you don't need a huge budget to tell a story. With the little money that he made, most of the special effects are tradition, and CGI is only used where is it absolutely necessary. That can you say when it is perfectly written, directed, porduced, but "the Oscar goes to . . . .". After the film you be satisfied, and pleased. Well worth the purchase or rental.

The Shape of Water floats to the top of 2018's best releases to date and will be anchored in viewers' minds long after the credits roll.
From master storyteller Guillermo del Toro comes THE SHAPE OF WATER,
 an otherworldly fable set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962Well I have seen 4 oscars nominated films from dunkirk , 
the darkest hour, three billboards and the shape of water all so 
different, they are all so different but It think it will creep up a beat 3billboards with this unique 
beauty and the fish story ,in an undrground facilty is were we see the monster love story begin 
 think sally hawkins moving portaryl of using sign language mkaes her deliever
an enchanting story of never been loved ,the lonely janitor and zelda are janitors who come across 
Richard Strickland character who is saddistic with a creature who is a god like creature with amazing not to give
away the plot to much .
 the vunerables approach to her character is brings out the chemisrty more
than talking it makes it a unique stroy when she meets the monster and he begings to feel her pain for him and 
Despite communicated in silence you can hear them loud and clear from not just their sign language 
but also just physicality which made the connection this what makes its What makes the chemistry truly unique
 is that it's non verbal which to me is the best approach; all the more genuine and beautiful. As Old Pete once said, 
"If love is really true, it doesn't need an answer."there is also a Russian plot as well here getting under uncle Sam nose 
its a groundbraking film.Michael Shannon plays richard strickland in charge just loves to get under people skin just like zod in man of steel 
he is really is good as a villain you plain hate as he is a monster in the guise of authority. 
Theres an interesting character study about him is we get depth into his diseased psyche as he is literally a product of his time,
 a man living on fixed notions on what a person is supposed to be,
As ever, Richard Jenkins is a class act he is her neighbor and he is s quiet and puts in a terriffic friendship with Eliza that pulls at the heartstrings 
who longing to help her with her problem of freeing her love healso loves his art and captures her momets in pretty detail imagination
 Octavia Spencer loves to into her oscar films she brilliant as eliza sidekick
del Toro's wildly imaginative adult fairytale is an opulently entertaining monster fable that is spectacularly stylised and perversely enchanting.
this 2hrs 3mins its really does get into your heart.She will no doubt bring home a golden statue at the upcoming Academy Awards.
this film is a classic a monster movie made with real love

This movie is perfect. 10/10 -- 
This movie is the most beautiful love letter to the universal monster movies of my youth. Del Toro and I are about the same age and I, too, loved Creature from the Black Lagoon. That's why I so looked forward to this movie--it's a kind of sequel to that creature film and all the black and white movies I still enjoy watching. It's so beautifully done. The movie begins under water and it ends under water. And in between the first scene and the last scene, a beautiful fairy tale unfolds. There are so many lovely details that are included in the movie and the attention to detail is incredible. The color palette and symbolism in the movie are sublime.This movie is essentially and lovingly about "the other." This aspect unfolds in many ways--Eliza is a woman who cannot speak and must rely on others to communicate for her...her neighbor and friend who is gay and more than likely loses his job over this fact and her coworker who is African American. In the 1960's, when the movie takes place, all of these people would have been considered to be "other." Just as the creature is "other," so are the primary players in the movie. Eliza's voice is heard through people who would more than likely not have had a voice during that time.Some reviewers have balked at the movie's inclusion of beastiality--but this is just preposterous. If you watch carefully, you are revealed small clues throughout the movie that reveal Eliza's true identity as being the same species as the creature. Just because you don't look like the creature, doesn't mean you aren't "half" creature. Throughout the movie, clues are given that point to the fact the she is from the water and she loves water: she was found in the water as a baby, she cooks her food in water, she plays and controls the rain droplets on the window of the bus and she even breathes under water at the end of the movie. Her scars resemble gills...People who give this movie a bad review are angry, small minded, frustrated people with no imagination or love in their hearts or the history of movies.

The Shape of Water is another fantasy-morality drama from Guillermo del Toro with the imagination and ambiguity of his Pan's Labyrinth, though with less engrossing storytelling. As a movie, I see it as a cross between Creature from the Black Lagoon and Splash with moral themes and compelling cinematic imagery.The core plot is that a man-like, amphibian creature has been found in the Amazon basin and brought to the US for study in a government lab. The time is the mid 1960s and so the creature is a desirable "asset" for the US and Soviet governments in their Cold War contestings. Kept in a holding tank, the creature is treated as an animal until discovered by Eliza (Sally Hawkins), a mute janitor. Eliza, personally suppressed from her disability, finds sympathy with the creature's situation and forms a relationship with him. While she's supposed to be cleaning the lab, she feeds him eggs, plays music for him, and teaches him sign language. When the government authorities, represented by Colonel Strickland (Michael Shannon), decide to kill and dissect the creature, Eliza and friends facilitate the creature's escape. This central plot of "escape of an intelligent, sympathetic, fish creature who is loved by a human," struck me as the basic plot of the 1984 Tom Hanks comedy, Splash. The similarity extends to the creature's cruel confinement and unsympathetic study, and even to the shedding of its scales in misery. Now, Splash was a good movie and certainly not original in its genre. I don't fault del Toro for using a similar plot device to drive his movie because he took it beyond that device. Rather than just entertain us with a thriller storyline, he incorporates theme and imagery to say something.The Shape of Water's central theme is a solid, Good vs Evil, extended to Misfits vs the Deluded Normal. Again, maybe not so original, but well done. The sets evoke the pre-digital 1960's with massive machinery and systems in a lab controlled by human technicians rather than computers. It all has a "dirty" look indicating that a large cleaning crew is required to keep it up. While that does stretch the believability of facility security (something innocuous in today's world) it is part of the fantasy and a needed plot device to put Eliza in proximity to the water creature.The movie's look complements the Fantasy vs Reality theme that is also prevalent in Pan's Labyrinth. Here, it's seen as transitions between black-and-white and color scenes. In an opposite take on The Wizard of Oz, however, the fantasy scenes are the black-and-white ones, reflecting the fantasy depicted in the old musicals seen on the characters' TV sets. Even here, though, del Toro blurs the edges with a scene set in a movie theatre where The Story of Ruth is playing in bright Technicolor. So, with such changing cues, where do we find fantasy and reality? Maybe in people's actions, or maybe we can't.There is also a religious theme that stems from the movie's consideration of Good vs Evil. We see a black-and-white view of God in Strickland's hubris where God is a white male human. Hence, in this view, the amphibian creature cannot be more than an animal (nor can people of color, represented here by Olivia Spencer's character). Playing against that, is the evoking of The Story of Ruth as a tempering Bible story where an autocratic God is not featured and the dominant theme is compassion.As a master cinematographer of fables, del Toro uses his medium to depict his themes rather than pontificate with dialogue. Having his protagonists being a mute and a creature unable to speak underscores this and urges us to finding the proof of things with our own eyes. And so we see the Perfunctory vs Compassionate theme in the sex scenes (yes, this movie earns its R rating), and the delusion of Escape vs Reality in the TV broadcasts of musicals and Vietnam news footage.Where the movie touched base with Creature from the Black Lagoon is in its depiction of the amphibian creature. Mr. del Toro chose to use an actor in costume for this character rather than CGI. That was a good move. Mr. del Toro's creature bears a resemblance to the Black Lagoon creature, even to the point of the webbed fingers with claws. Its "breathing" gills enforces that resemblance and allow the creature to be fearsome when required. Overall, though, he is depicted as another sympathetic and obvious misfit. Someone should win an award for this costuming. While The Shape of Water is a fine example of movie-making, it has its flaws. It doesn't draw us into its characters as much as Pan's Labyrinth did. The evil is more institutional rather than personified (Michael Shannon's Strickland comes off as more crazy than evil, as opposed to "the Captain" in Pan's Labyrinth), so we don't feel the threat to the characters as much. Also, the ending felt "forced" and gratuitous. Still, what I did like about the ending, was its melding of the "happily ever after" ending of Splash with the ambiguity of Pan's Labyrinth. The Shape of Water makes its mark in rising above the general fare of "blockbusters" offered by Hollywood. It is thoughtful with themes beautifully expressed in its visual medium. Those themes are classic in storytelling, but are progressive when compared to those in the current run of movies that seldom go beyond cliche and propaganda. I heartily recommend this film as an imaginative piece of storytelling and as a work of art.

Great actors, set design, great direction. This should not be compared to other films. Some say this is "Beauty and the Beast meets Splash and the Creature from the Black Lagoon". 
It IS a basic Good guys vs. Bad guys tale. But it's not that simple, it is much more than that. If you want to Really enjoy this film, just suspend any prejudgement, suspend reality (of course certain things are unbelievable, it's fantasy!) and simply soak it in. 
One can "read" a lot of different things into this film, on different levels. 
 
I don't want to spoil this so I suggest you view this film first then come back and read the rest of my review below (scroll down later. See if you agree..............For me the basic message (or lesson) this "Fairy Tale" has is that genuine Love looks beyond appearance and sees the inner soul and that this love heals all.

For all of the hype that this movie had built up, I cannot recall a cinematic experience I have been more disappointed with. There was a complete lack of complexity to any character and the acting, aside from a single role, brought down the film.

I was moved to write a review for this film because I was shocked that such a poor and poorly made film could possibly win and Oscar.
The plot is terrible and seems to have been written by a 10 year old. There is absolutely no depth to the characters who are very one dimensional. What is the creature? All we know is that it was captured in South America and revered as a God. The villain is very stereotyped and predictable. There is lots of gratuitous gore and naked scenes which contribute absolutely nothing to the storyline and just make the watcher very uncomfortable. And what a ridiculous storyline!! A woman falling in love at first sight with a queer monster of another species. Loving another species is one thing but just suddenly ripping of her clothes and making love to it is just bizarre and distasteful.
And yet the story could have been great if they tried to keep that fairy like quality. This just hit the rocks as soon as the gore, the sex scenes and the perverted behavior of the villain.
How, but how could this film win an Oscar?

The Shape of Water is a fantasy film starring Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, and Octavia Spencer. Directed and co-written by Guillermo del Toro (Hellboy, Pan's Labyrinth, Pacific Rim), it is an emotional story about friendship and a refreshing return to the fantasy genre from the veteran filmmaker.In the early 1960s in Baltimore, Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins), a mute woman, works as a janitor at a top secret government laboratory run by Colonel Richard Strickland (Michael Shannon). One day, the lab receives a humanoid amphibian creature captured from a South American river. Over a period of time, Elisa forms a special bond with the creature and devises a plan to help it escape with her.Visually stunning and poignant, The Shape of Water is exactly the type of film one would expect from Guillermo del Toro and shows that even after more than twenty years in the business, he is still full of surprises. Like Pan's Labyrinth, The Shape of Water feels like a fairy tale for adults, with its storybook-like tone and fantasy elements. The film is uniquely tailored to del Toro's style, as it likely would have been awkward and disturbing in the hands of any other filmmaker. Sally Hawkins was simply brilliant as the mute Elisa Esposito, considering she has no dialogue whatsoever and her acting is entirely visual. Michael Shannon was also great as Colonel Richard Strickland, a man who will stop at nothing to get what he wants.I rate it 8/10

Guillermo del Toro is back at its highest level after Crimson Peak and Pacific Rim, two minor films compared to the legendary Pan's Labyrinth and, now, this magnificent Shape of Water. His taste for poetry and dark atmospheres is right back, as his ability to mix sensitivity of things to violence. There is a lot of humanity in the Shape of Water and a mischievous magic from which Pan's Labyrinth was stripped. From the first frames, we are drifted away by the strong current of this extraordinary love story, carried by great actors and actresses. Deprived of speech, Sally Hawkins is a receptacle of incredible emotions and turns a potentially rickety exercise into a beautiful silent symphony. Michael Shannon has the mouth of the job, odious and fiercely bad, engulfed in his American vision of success. In supporting roles, Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer ensure the touching and funny side of the set. And what about the creature, that distant cousin of that of the Black Lagoon of 1954? A creation in too artificial CGI is fortunately avoided to accommodate a little humanoid jewel perfectly integrated into the story and through which the emotion flows freely. An iconic representation of the acceptance of difference, sometimes martyr, sometimes lover, the keystone of this adult tale, the creature amuses and moves, without excess and with surprising accuracy. The subject, daring in its last faces, could have turned to shipwreck. But the talent and the energy of the whole crew, the care given to each image, to each movement of camera, to every word, avoids the ridicule, finds the right balance and propels the Shape of the Water towards summits of poetry. A true declaration of love with cinema, immersed in a great bath of nostalgia. A terrific film with well-deserved success.

Watch it, never regret! 
Really great story. Watch this movie and be in love.

I saw this film at TIFF in Sept, and it is absolutely brilliant. It is much needed in today's world, because it sub textually shows us about the outdated thoughts on masculinity, sexuality and love. It shows us that love can blossom anywhere. It may be my favorite del Toro film, which is saying a lot. Please click the link to watch my video review, and I hope you enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPXZhbiGf4Q

If the heroine could speak, she may only muster a "Duck, Magnum, Duck" - with her weak, scared, and fragile feminine character written by someone clearly unaware of how powerful women actually are. I spent 1/2 of this movie incredibly agitated at how scared and weak Zelda is. Scared to do this, scared to do that. It was exhausting. I partially blame actor Sally Hawking - didn't she have a voice and an opportunity to say "look. I starved myself for this character. I look underweight and malnourished and just am so sheepish and frightened all the time. Any woman who has been thru abuse like Zelda had would theoretically come back strong and eat a sandwich." But no, she took the role and caved in to the ridiculousness. She couldn't have been more than 80 lbs in this movie, and gladly bared all, bones and all." I walked out. 2 stars for creative effort. Time to grow up, Hollywood. Real women eat sandwiches.

This is a truly poor movie. It's the creature from the black lagoon. This strikes me as a film where a director feels based on his reputation can put anything to screen make it arty and get the luvvies gushing. I have to give this one star and zero is not available. Is it a spoiler to say this is rubbish?

There's one word I'd use to describe The Shape of Water: Beautiful. It's beautiful in so many ways:The story and especially the love aspect of the story feels more genuine than anything I've seen in ages. The love between the characters develop and while it's of course unusual, it feels more real that way. All the characters in typical romantic movies are the same, but Elisa and the "amphibious creature" are different from those characters. Alexandre Desplat's score was also astonishing. It was light, simple and after the film ends it makes you feel like you're half dancing out of the theatre. And of course we can't talk about beauty of a film without talking about the visual side. The cinematography is stunning. The film is unbelievably colourful. I especially love the use of green and blue throughout the movie. Honestly, this is what I hope I could achieve one day as a cinematographer. The Shape of Water is a beautiful film in so many ways, while still managing to be brutal when needed. Totally a masterpiece, worth all the nominations and awards.

Had more fun watching crown green bowling in slow motion.......................zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..... . . ..................zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

I tried
I persevered
I gave up
It was so boring.
There was so much potential but basically nothing happened, and the "twist" is so obvious.

Del Toro is such an interesting Director, his original and foreign films like the Devils Backbone (2001) and Labyrinth (2006) are masterworks, beautiful, original and near flawless. Then on the flipside he makes brainless American action films like the Hellboy/Pacific Rim movies.Thankfully this despite being American is in his original wonderful style and gripped me from the outset.It tells the story of a mute cleaner during the 60's working inside of a military base who discovers their secret "Asset".Starring Michael Shannon and Richard Jenkins it is flattered with a stunning soundtrack, amazing visuals and brilliant performances.Much in a film noir style The Shape Of Water is deserving of its 4 Oscars and though I don't think it's on the same level as Pans Labyrinth it is still note worthy and well worth a viewing.The Good:Looks greatFantastic scoreVery originalThe Bad:"That" dance sceneThe creature is basically Abe SapienThings I Learnt From This Movie:If a man has sex with an animal it's bestiality, if a woman does it's artistic and beautiful

I think at many points this diversity propaganda hit piece was trying to be artistic.The distracting prose, needless tap dancing at which it almost appeared the characters were aware of the audience and obligatory masturbation scenes all added nothing to the plot.The plot of course being: straight white men are evil, cant have sex with their wives without raping them and must be racists.Good thing our disabled, confused heroine can see past colour to fall in love with the fish! The fish by the way, was immediately able to communicate with miss masturbation. If a child tried to write the scene...well, actually, I think a child did.

Guillermo del Toro's latest immersive fantasy spectacle began life as a remake of one of the Mexican director's favourite movies of all time - the iconic monster movie Creature from the Black Lagoon. When he pitched his plans to Universal, perhaps as part of their troubled 'Dark Universe' franchise which kicked off last year with spectacular misfire The Mummy, he wanted to tell a love story between the Gill-Man and a woman from the perspective of the titular creature. This idea, which sounds like a dream for film buffs but a turn-off for studio executives, was rejected outright, presumably being for too risque for mainstream audiences. Del Toro stuck with it anyway, and the script turned into The Shape of Water. Would the same film have nabbed the Best Picture at this year's Academy Awards if it was titled Creature from the Black Lagoon? I think not, so it worked out well for everybody apart from Universal, who are probably still licking their wounds from last year's Tom Cruise-starring horror show.The Shape of Water tells the story of Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins), a mute lady who lives in an almost dreamlike apartment above a barely-used cinema called The Orpheum. We quickly learn everything we need to know about her in a wonderfully edited opening sequence, in which she boils eggs, masturbates in the bath, and pays a visit to her neighbour Giles (Richard Jenkins), all before heading off to a top secret government facility where she works as a cleaner. Giles spends most of his time alone with his cats in his apartment, paying the bills by drawing product advertisements, occasionally venturing out to buy pies from a nearby diner and lust after the young man behind the counter. Elisa's best friend and co-worker Zelda (Octavia Spencer) saves her a space in the queue for the clocking-in machine every morning, and has learned sign language so the two can chit-chat whilst carrying out their mundane job of cleaning piss up off the floor and, much to Zelda's befuddlement, the ceiling.This is 1962 America, where the happy (and white) nuclear family is the very definition of achieving the American dream, but also where minorities are still looked down upon. It's no accident that Elisa, who rarely stops smiling even when she is treated differently for her affliction, is closest to and most comfortable around a gay man and a black woman. The arrival of a strange amphibian humanoid from a swamp in South America and the loving bond it gradually forms with Elisa represents a threat to this very American way of life, at least in the eyes of Richard Strickland, a brutish military official who caught the creature, played with sheer menace by Michael Shannon. Strickland wants to cut the creature open to learn if its abilities can be forged into some kind of weapon, and to keep it out of the hands of the Soviets. Mild-mannered scientist Robert Hoffstetler (Michael Stuhlbarg) wants to keep it alive for further study, but Strickland is given the green light by his superior.What follows is a daring break-out and Elisa's efforts to keep the stranger hidden in her apartment. The story isn't exactly ground-breaking, and you can probably work out where the film is heading quite early on. However, The Shape of Water isn't a film about surprises and twists, but a strange tale of forbidden love to utterly immerse yourself in. Most directors would struggle to capture a sex scene between a beautiful woman and a slimy fish man with a straight face, but del Toro somehow makes the whole thing feel natural, and most importantly, incredibly beautiful. Longtime del Toro collaborator Doug Jones does some stellar physical work as the creature, forging a chemistry with Hawkins without the benefit of facial expressions or dialogue, relying on otherworldly howls and the odd bit of sign language to communicate. It warrants comparison to del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth, and although it's not as good as the 2006 Oscar-winning masterpiece, it shares much of its creepy magic and vintage character design, and also reflects on a country's troubled past. It's the riskiest and best work del Toro has done since. Suck in a deep breath and take a plunge.

Advised as "From master story teller, Guillermo del Toro" yet every possible liberal stereotype and emo string pulling. Totally predictable.

A wonderful amalgamation of sumptuous production design, lush camerawork, composed direction & excellent lead performance, The Shape of Water continues Guillermo del Toro's fascination with monsters and is an unconventional story of love that's pure, perceptive & poetic.Set in 1960s America during the Cold War, The Shape of Water tells the story of a mute woman who works at a top secret facility as a janitor where she encounters a captured humanoid amphibian creature, with whom she forms a unique bond & later helps him escape from his captivity.Co-written & directed by Guillermo del Toro (best known for The Devil's Backbone, Pan's Labyrinth & Crimson Peak), of all the films that I've seen from the notable filmmaker, The Shape of Water is the weakest. Nothing about it is terrible actually but there is nothing about it that's memorable either. It's a typical love story between atypical characters that's crafted with affection, told with tenderness & decorated with splendid set pieces. There is a warmth to their blossoming romance at first but it becomes monotonous during the second half. That dance scene in particular is absolutely cringeworthy.There isn't much to complain in the technical department though. The set pieces in Guillermo del Toro films are usually so finely detailed & refined that much of it is often mistaken for computer generated imagery. Brilliantly utilising the shades of green, Cinematography give its images a luminous quality & fairy tale vibe.Editing calmly directs its different subplots towards the same outcome but pacing is a bit on the slow side, plus there are moments that could have used a few trims. Alexandre Desplat's score resonates a tenderness of its own with its serene tracks though the songs (both original & incorporated) fail to uplift the whole narrative.Coming to the performances, The Shape of Water packs a reliable cast amongst whom Sally Hawkins impress the most in what's a silent rendition that's packed with sincere emotions. Doug Jones adds yet another non-human character to his collection while Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins, Michael Stuhlbarg & Michael Shannon provide good support in their given roles.On an overall scale, The Shape of Water is beautiful to look at and makes splendid use of the director's trademarks but it definitely isn't one of del Toro's finest films. The subplots are more interesting than the main story at hand here, but Hawkins does well to keep us invested in her character's journey to an extent. In short, The Shape of Water is an above average creature feature wrapped in a pretty package.

The visuals in this movie are exceptionally well crafted and the director went to great lengths to immerse the viewer into that 1960's American society atmosphere. One does feel like they're being taken back in time to this idealised world of the American dream which is being talked about so much these days by people like Trump and his doctrine of MAGA. The movie clearly states the failings of that age, the white antagonist high powered man in a suit who treats women like pieces of meat. He claims he has created in the image of GOD which can only be a white God in his twisted mind. We are also presented with the rampant xenophobia of that age, racism, homophobia, discrimination against the disabled and generally anything considered to be different or outside the societal norm. Of course anyone who is a misfit or has ever been discriminated against, even abused for their identity will be able to identify themselves in one of the characters of this film and have a feeling of comfort or solace from watching it. The two lovers, the disabled female and the transgender freak from the Amazon are in essence an unique type of sexual minority. The movie has enough plot twists keeping the viewer engaged in the storyline and what initially seems to be a drama ends to a happy finale which is a nice bonus for this well rounded film. So a very strong political statement packaged in a fantasy love story in a dystopian age when the happy life was perpetually clouded by the shadows of destruction and the quest for absolute power

"The Shape of Water" is one of the best films of the year.The beauty of this film is Del Toro's gift of telling fantastical stories, but still giving them heart and crafting well-rounded characters...A Masterpiece by Guillermo del Toro...

SPOILER: So, the visual appeal of the film is unquestionable.***Spoiler alert***First, the film packs a ridiculous number of issues into the work that the writer/director treats as fundamental to the plot, using annoying characters that serve no purpose except to highlight themes: homophobia, racism, misogyny, perversion, classism, nationalism, anti-authoritarianism, Cold War fear, respect for the impaired, etc.Next, the sheer repulsiveness of various devices in the film (the fingers, the beheaded cat) are again, there just to be there. They symbolize nothing and as plot devices, do little except to make viewers say "Ew". Sure, the cat leads to a wound that is then healed to show the miraculous power of the creature, but what for? To show it can't die at the end? That's it? Nothing explored there, and that seems to be the rest of the film in a nutshell. What is explored probably shouldn't have been and what isn't seems far more tantalizing than the story that's told.The big thing however, is that the heroine, trying to save the life of a creature, falls in lust with it - NOT love. When we finally see her gills and realize she belongs to the aquatic world (which is patently obvious from the moment we see the marks on her neck), we're supposed to believe she belongs with this creature. Yet, nothing in the film gives the creature any intellect or heart, or evokes even a modicum of pathos for a SENTIENT being. Perhaps for a puppy, sure. Basically, she's engaging in bestiality, she may as well have had sex with a carp. There is no difference, yet we're supposed to believe that she shares a special kinship with the thing because it can play fetch and they both come from the sea. I come from the land and though I've seen quite a few attractive sheep, I've never actually crossed that line.Boring, confused in its goals, and generally painful to watch, it not only failed to suck me into its world, it made me want to leave it and never return.

Amazing cinematography and a beautiful love story. Guillermo del Toro has done another amazing job.

I like a good story and here we have a good story being told. It helps if you are a fan of the Creature From the Black Lagoon and the sequels. Hey, the guy only wanted some company and was willing to do what it takes to get some. In this movie, we are introduced to a sort of fairy tale telling of the world of what if and what could be which exceeds our thoughts but feeds the imaginations. There were a couple of sex scenes that I thought were not necessary at all and one wonders why they are in this? With them gone, this could have taken its place with Beauty and the Beast and brought the lessons to children more. It also ran a little long but for those that like a good build-up they wont' be disappointed. When watching this movie, if one believes there are no accidents, that the heart can prevail by its own rules and not giving up allows it to do so then a treat awaits. The bad guy in this movie was a little over the top and the premise of what to do with the "creature" doesn't pass common sense but it doesn't have to either. The movie still prevails. The shape of this water....

Won the Oscar...so couldn't resist the compulsion to buy/watch...and I love Octavia Spencer. I NEVER write reviews but this movie was so bad I'm angry I wasted my time and money, and duped by "the Academy" AGAIN. Unimaginative...straight up copy of King Kong and the like. Still enjoyed Octavia (war eagle) and glad she was in a movie that won THE award. The colors were nice...blue...teal...green. I liked the red shoes. That's IT! I found nothing else enjoyable, enlightening, moving, etc... I fast forwarded through the silent parts because you can watch quickly...waste less time ...and you miss no dialogue. I just couldn't wait for it to be over.

I normally do not write a movie review but after watching this movie it almost got me into rage that I have to say something. Don't pay to watch this shit, it's not worth it, and not worth all the attention. Oscar Best Picture? Excuse me, I can pick any random movie in 2017 and it would be more inspiring than watching an odd woman making out with a fish. Oh, what else was in it?I thought we must think what message this movie is trying to convey to audience when we watch one. Even if it's a comedy, a chick flick, at least they are trying to bring some harmless fun. What does this movie trying to say though? If you are a mute woman you should maybe give up human connection but intercourse with a fish? Beautifying zoophilia and everyone should consider doing it? Go steal a fish because you are in love with him or it?I've heard some people compare this to Beauty and the Beast. But no, the Beast was originally a kind human and turned back into a human when he found true love. It was to educate kids how we should love someone because of their good hearts but not good looks. And this, this monster or whatever it is - is purely a fish from the Amazon rainforest. It's incredibly sick to see how the woman has decided to undress herself and jump into the bath tub and had sex with the fish, then told her best friend at work how big his penis is. This is a disgusting movie.

Well, in our modern times it is enough to retell the story of The Beauty and the Beast or The Frog Prince to get a lot of pats on one's "super-creative" shoulder, and on top even some Oscars. 
Hmpf... Maybe I should quit my daily job and rewrite Cinderella - this time the Prince is still a human being (not sure maybe the prince should be a princess!?) but Cinderella lets say is a female Centaur and on top I serve this fine new inventive ueber-creative super-story with some (lots of) CGI-tricking. (note to myself: add some super-creepy evil white dudes! And don't forget to add some minorities, of course all good, intelligent and lovable!)Ah, I can already see myself standing before the finest of all Hollywood getting tons of Oscars and zillions of money filling my pockets. And all the famous wanna play in my next movie! Well, done Tweetienator! Finally , you made it!Tweetienator says: The Shape of Water - nothing special or innovative and far from the quality of Del Torro's real masterpiece Pan's Labyrinth. Not too bad but nothing really good. An Oscar or some for this flick - poor Hollywood.

This is a romantic fantasy drama, set in the 1960's at a top secret laboratory, a very tender love story between a mute cleaning woman and a captured 'sea monster', both isolated due to their individual circumstances and incapable of human speech.Starring Sally Hawkins, she is the mute, and has access to all the top secret areas in order to clean them. Octavia Spencer is also a cleaner, and crucial to the plot later. Richard Jenkins is her neighbour and Michael Shannon, is brilliant as the evil government security agent in charge of the 'monster'. It becomes obvious that he is more of a monster than the actual monster! The 'monster' is also referred to as the 'asset' and is being studied for any advantages that it could offer the USA military in the cold war with Russia. The mute says so much in her attitude, she offers the monster compassion and care, she slowly grows fond of the monster and builds a friendship through boiled eggs, sign language and music. The relationship develops further and grows into love. When she hears they propose to kill the monster she urgently plans to help it escape, houses it at her home and eventually set it free into the sea. This film has a very atmospheric, classic look, is about characters that are misfits but have inner beauty. 13 Oscar nominations.

This film is a great example of when a director truly makes the film that they wanted to. This is the story that Del Toro wanted to tell and it is told exceptionally well. The Shape of Water boasts great performances from its cast with Sally Hawkins delivering an outstanding and passionate portrayal of a mute woman who falls in love with a monster simply due to the fact that it accepts her for who she is and doesn't see her faults. The film's characters however can fall into stereotypes with Octavia Spencer playing a sassy black character and Michael Shannon playing a bible verse spouting badguy but nevertheless these parts are played well. The films also fully embraces its 1960's setting, celebrating the music and TV culture at the time and this adds a feature of charm to the film. In the end The Shape of Water is a charming, well written monster film with only some minor flaws but these do not draw away from the viewing experience.

Guillermo del Toro delivers a stunning and beautiful masterpiece that truly stands out as his shining crown of his filmography with wonderful writing and directing as well its stunning visuals and production merits and a refreshing original score crafted with heart by Alexandre Desplat.Even the performances of all the entire cast are truly amazing. The main stand out of the performances mostly, Sally Hawkins, Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer delivers a compelling performances that makes this film an apple of the eye.Despite the fact that The Shape of Water draws similarities with Beauty and the Beast and with a combination of its themes from Creature from the Black Lagoon, this film is a worthy companion piece that speaks of passionate and unrequited love with no divided boundaries or prejudice.

The Shape of water starts in the same way as Pan's Labyrinth. The camera moves underwater and a person starts narrating the story of Elisa. This opening scene was enough to make me fall in love with the film. The camera moves through a narrow opening and stops in a big room where we see Elisa floating - unconscious. I think this scene literally shows you the Shape of Water. From the first scene itself, the cinematography hooks you in. The way the camera moves and the greenish color grading results in some beautiful shots. The work done by Cinematographer is top notch and I have come to expect that from Guillermo's movies. As the story progresses, you get to know the characters. There are some quirky moments in the film that will make you smile. There are some moments that I did not expect to be in this film. I thought this movie was suitable for kids but it isn't. Anyway, coming back to the topic, the first encounter between Elisa and the creature is pretty well done. It makes you feel something. And that creature looks like Abe Sapien from Hellboy.The strongest part of The Shape of Water is the powerful performance from the lead actress Sally Hawkins. She gave it her everything. I have seen her in others films (she was good) and she completely nails the character of Elisa. As her character is mute, the whole film relied on her body language and physical performance. I can't imagine anyone else doing this role. It was made for her just like Wonder Woman was made for Gal Gadot. Also, another main character is an amphibian who can't speak so it relied on Doug Jones' physical performance too, and just like Sally Hawkins, he played his role wonderfully. But he has gotten used to playing animals and fantasy creatures, so it was not that hard for him. Sally was the underdog here.But there are some other things that make The Shape of Water an amazing experience. The direction by Del Toro is outstanding. He knows how to get the best out of his actors. There is not a single moment in the film that didn't fit like a cog. The screenplay is also good. The cinematography, as I have already mentioned, is wonderful. I love those subtle camera moments and the color grading. It was eye-pleasing. Then there's the background music which perfectly fits the mood of the story. It is nothing groundbreaking but contributes more depth to every scene.There are some shortcomings in the film but they may be ignored as the good things more than make-up for it. The shortcomings are nothing more than nitpicks, so I would not go into the details.The Shape of Water is one of the best movies of 2017. It is also my second favorite Del Toro film after Pan's Labyrinth. It is good to see that he still has that magic with him. It has been nominated for 13 Academy Awards and will win many of them. It deserves some of those much-coveted trophies.

Going into this film, I had already heard a lot of the award season buzz, so I knew that there were at least some really good parts about it. And that buzz was not wrong; this movie is spectacular. Literally, this film is a spectacle. The visuals of this movie are gorgeous- the colors pop brilliantly, the shots are stunning and unique, the lighting is dynamic and intriguing, and the effects are incredibly impressive. The Amphibian Man looks fantastic. He really looks like he's there, and the combination of CG and Prosthetics work incredibly well together. What carries this film, along with the effects, are the performances- the whole cast of this film is brilliant. Sally Hawkins gives an outstanding performance as Eliza. She's poignant and sympathetic and stunning, and the angle of her being mute really carries her performance, and also carries her relationship with the Amphibian Man. Michael Shannon's performance as well, as well as the reflection of his character against the setting of the 1960's, is really enlightening and interesting. His last line is my favorite line in the movie. The problem's I have with this film mostly stem from the third act, where things start to get a little cheesy and predictable, but the ending is still very well earned. This movie has elements of a a great fairy tale, and has a lot of potential to become a classic story. 8.3/10

I love the films directed by Guillermo del Toro, so I was waiting for The Shape of Water.
We follow the story of a woman who falls in love with a strange aquatic creature, during the 60s. We also have an amazing cinematography, a great cast and some good subplots full of metaphors about racism, homosexuality, patriotism and male chauvinism during that decade. That's one of the things I loved more.I didn't hate anything about this movie, but there are some points that could be better, as: the main antagonist, he's just stupid and weak if I compare him with the sadistic and scary Captain Vidal from Pan's Labyrinth. I liked the main creature it but I missed the typical mystery and charisma that we can appreciate in some Del Toro's monsters.The Shape of Water isn't the best movie from one of the most amazing directors of all time, but stills good and perhaps one of the best movies of the year.Rating 7.5/10

I enjoyed the movie thoroughly. I find that is difficult to sit through Oscar bait after a long day at work but I sat in my chair without interruption. The soundtrack was phenomenal. It was the first attribute of the film that I noticed. It felt like stepping through a wormhole and going to the 1960's. Every detail was so well done. From a man battling with his own sexuality in a society where this has caused him to lose his job and his friends, to the racist remarks from the pie serving prick, del Torro depicts the era with flawless determination.I also feel like the relationship between the asset and Elisa develops swiftly and could have developed as the movie progressed. The sexuality between them should have been implied. The relationship became weird for some once the vulgarity of mating with a completely different species sets in. Overall it was an interesting and original piece that deserves its praises and nominations.

Am watching the Blu-ray of 'The Shape of Water'. It is a modern fairy tale, a romance story, a period piece (early 1960's), a tribute to old films & TV, and simply a very beautiful and well crafted, visual & fantasy film.
This film is a joy and was the best thing to redeem a very tough year (2017). 
No spoilers this review... Only can say that if you missed it in the theater, watch this on DVD, Blu-ray or streaming... soon! And I hope you see & feel the magic!
Director Del Toro has worked a miracle yet again... Muchas Gracias, Maestro!

I saw this at Night Visions event in November. This is really exceptional film. 
One of the best movies of 2017 easily. Everything about this is top notch the acting, set design and the plot. This tooks place in year 1962 and Sally Hawkins plays main character who is mute Elisa who works at the hidden high-security government laboratory as janitor with her co-worker Zelda played by Octavia Spencer. Elisa's life changes when she discovers a secret classified experiment and its not somethign ordinary. Doug Jones is excellent as the water creature. Supporting cast is also very good. Michael Shannon plays once again very good villain role. There is great humour once awhile. Highlight of this movie is Sally Hawkins she is amazing. 
Overall this I love this movie. I highly recommend this to all Del Toro fans you wont be disappointed.

One of the most impressive parts of The Shape of Water will probably go unstated by many, because it is easy to overlook. It is stunning how much chemistry a woman who never talks and a fish monster can have. The energy between them radiates, and I had to keep stopping myself to consciously think about what a feat that truly is. As a direct result to how great the writing, directing, and performances are, this relationship between a woman and a monster never feels strange. If done by lesser talent, this could have come across as very weird or wrong. But del Toro crafts this film in such a way that it never comes across in this manner. In fact, in feels only natural, and that is applause-worthy on his part. That is the single biggest thing that Del Toro needed to pull off flawlessly, and he rises to meet the challenge. As with every Guillermo del Toro movie, the production elements are all spectacular. Del Toro really has a great understanding of mise-en-scène, something I'm continuously taken aback by every time I watch a movie of his. His cinematography isn't usually something that lunges out at you and calls attention to itself; rather, it works to very subtly draw you into the film. I do very much like cinematography that stands out and pops, but there is also something to be said for more the subtle kind of shooting a film. Del Toro has a strong hold on his production design. From the set design to the costume design to the color palette, every del Toro movie has a clear direction that is unique to its own story, and this film is no exception...


The most over rated film since 'Get Out'. Cloying, sentimental, mawkish; saved by wonderful performances by Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon and Richard Jenkins.

I gave this film two stars; one for Guillermo Del Toro because he is a truly talented man and one star because when this film shined, it really shined. The performances were excellent. The directing was what we have come to expect from Guillermo Del Toro. But, that's about it.The film started out rather well. The plot was taking shape very nicely and there was some good character development in the little time afforded for that purpose. The plot was moving along smoothly and then, without any warning whatsoever, the wheels came off. Our dear Eliza falls in love and has sex with the fish man in a bathroom turned into a love pong with nothing more than a few towels jammed under the door to stop up the water flooding from sink and tub.Ok....after some deep breaths and a few silent "wtf's" muttered under my breath to myself, I was able to manufacture just enough suspension of disbelief to wash it down. Perhaps the ending would convince me to overlook this nonsense?Nope. Not a chance. It only got worse.The entire film crashed at precisely the when Eliza and the frog man actually performed a choreographed number where Eliza lip-syncs the words to a song about how much she loves Charlie, the Tuna, complete with big band, fake stars and a really shiny, black dance floor. Its been a very long time since I have witnessed such a laughable, cringe worthy scene. I mean, what the happened here? At what point during the script reviews and edits DIDN"T someone raise their hand and say "ya know, this is kinda stupid?" If this was an attempt to artfully convey the sentiment of "love is blind" or "the heart wants what it wants" or "love can break down the barriers of whatever is in its way", then, that attempt failed.......horribly....painfully......pathetically.....tragically. The fact that this film earned a Golden Globe is a testament to how the industry is still afraid to call out the king and his new clothes. Do not waste your time with this film. Its two hours of my life I will never get back.

From the moment this film started, I knew I was in for a treat.Where to start with this one?"The Shape of Water" is fantastical and breathtaking. The main character is a mute woman, yet she conveys so much emotion throughout the entire film. The cast is diverse, without suffering from stereotypes.The soundtrack is phenomenal. I plan on buying the CD when I get the chance. The main theme is sooo good.The set pieces, the visuals, the way some of the scenes are shot, the fishman himself. Everything is so beautiful.The villain, played by Michael Shannon, is fantastic. A bit cheesy at times, but it just works.I've only seen this film once and I'm dying to see it again. It won Best Picture of 2017 and it completely deserved it, even if it wasn't my top choice.Guillermo del Toro created a masterpiece here, go watch it!Hear me talk about "The Shape of Water" more here: youtu.be/HfSouIJXGhw

There is something endearing about director Guillermo Del Toro - a childlike enthusiasm, a genuine passion for cinema in general and genre movies in particular - which sets him apart from both the cash-grab cynicism and the workmanlike indifference of many of his peers. The Shape of Water has the peculiar Del Toro touch - a sincerity which makes this fantasy romance work.Set during the Cold War, the movie follows the relationship between mute janitor Elisa (Sally Hawkins) and a mysterious amphibian man (Doug Jones) kept prisoner in the government facility where she works; as brutal Strickland (Michael Shannon) plans to vivisect the creature, Elisa decides to free it with the help of her friends Zelda (Octavia Spencer) and Giles (Richard Jenkins) and the cooperation of a sympathetic scientist who happens to be a Russian spy (Michael Stuhlbarg).This is a beautiful film, shot with grace and style, dominated by a sea-green color palette, with impeccable set design and costumes. Del Toro's films feel visually rich without showing off; there are no unmotivated camera movements, no "five minutes steady cam shot just because I can". I was amazed to learn this movie has a meagre (for Hollywood standards) 20 million dollars budget.Hawkins is luminous and compelling as the lead. Del Toro's regular Jones is wonderfully expressive - his amphibian being has a physical presence only practical effects and make-up can achieve. Shannon's Strickland is an effective villain, with his cattle prod, rotten fingers and a sociopathic streak somehow flying under the radar of his Norman Rockwell family. Del Toro has this gift for creating antagonists who are over-the-top horrible (see also the Captain in Pan's Labyrinth) and yet, strangely enough, they don't end up as boring caricatures. Spencer and Jenkins bring pathos and humanity to the potentially cliched roles of the sassy black friend and the quirky gay neighbour. The beginning of the relationship between Elisa and the creature, while lovely, feels a little rushed - too quick and unproblematic on the part of Elisa, who is cooking eggs and playing Benny Goodman for her amphibian pal before you can say "The Shadow over Innsmouth". This cavalier attitude towards supernatural threats is also part of the Del Toro touch, I guess, with the kind of unfazed acceptance of the unusual and weird you usually find in fairy tales.7,5/10

The Shape of Water accomplishes the same subversive realist-fantasy that made Guillermo del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth such a modern classic in the first place. Del Toro has achieved the same sensationalistic and stylistic modern fantasy in similar vein to Pan's and HellBoy I & II. Del Toro knows to put the REAL in 'surreal' and applies believability of the highest order.What is it about del Toro and the way he's approached fantasy films by applying an extra dimension of reality into the mix? Pan's Labyrinth was groundbreaking for its gritty post-Spanish-Civil-War story told alongside the story of a girl who may be the long lost princess of a kingdom long-forgotten. The Shape of Water does the same thing albeit during the Cold War and in 1960s Baltimore, focusing on a mute girl and a fish-man from South America, who form a romance defying all rhyme and reason.The Shape of Water is like an old-timey fairy-tale movie but an adult reimagining of classic Disney movies like Beauty and the Beast, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Spielberg's ET, and even has mild elements that evoke 2K-Games' classic BioShock series.This film is a fantasy film for naysayers of the genre; it has the kind of 'teeth' some of those critics may be sorely missing out on. This is a gorgeous piece of modern cinema that I think anyone can appreciate regardless if the people in question are avid fans of fantasy cinema or not.Del Toro is easily one of Hollywood's greatest filmmakers and give the guy control over any fictional domain and he knows EXACTLY how to command a memorable story on the big screen.

The Shape of Water is a magical movie that will take your breth away. The acting is supurb. I loved how the movie went from English to American Sign Language then to Russian i thought that was really neat. The costumes were wonderfully done. I highly recomend this movie to any moviegoer. This movie is very different then any other movie out there.Parents this movie is rated R

Honestly it was a really good movie. It has a very childish theme to it, but in an adult content setting. Something you wouldn't expect to work, but it did.I don't get the bad reviews. It was a different kind of movie with a happy ending that delivered a pretty good message that love knows no bounds. Yeah the fish man wasn't the most attractive, but the main character didn't care about that. They were both lacking something and they gave each other what the other was missing.It was a super sweet movie and I even got to laugh a couple of times. It deserves the Oscars it got and everyone who disagrees honestly just needs to get their heads out of their butts. This isn't a movie that goes "YAY BEASTIALITY" it's a movie that promotes love past looks.

Guillermo del Toro's team create a intoxicating Film that even though the genre is Fantasy/Sci-Fi its still a totally believable storyline. Top Notch Cast will be well awarded ! Movie bullet points all achieved, Sight Sound Sets and MUSIC !
I recommend you watch the trailer before seeing at theatre with Popcorn, then the Inteviews with Director and cast after. Best Picture !!! Richard Jenkins nails the Voice Over

While I'm not into 'creature from the deep' type movies, this is not really one of those. It is more of a love story like I've never seen before...There really wasn't any room for 'spectacular' acting, though the whole cast did their job delivering the character they were assigned.The wardrobe and props departments also did a great job giving the film a 1950s type of look and feel. The same should also be said of the film crew.But, back to the story...There were a couple of times I expected a completely different reaction from characters (no spoilers). However the reactions were delivered smoothly, so smoothly, in fact, that they didn't bother me, or make me 'dwell' for longer than a moment.Like I said near the beginning, it is a love story, of sorts, with a sci-fi / creature from the deep sort of twist to it, and, once again, no spoilers, there is a betrayal that goes on, but a betrayal that has no pain...There is no reason this film should get less than a 7 out of ten.A film truly worth watching, no matter what you prefer. It has a story that it delivers, and a story that is easily enjoyed.And, probably best watched by mature audiences :)

It makes no sense at all that this movie won the Oscar for Best Picture. What were they thinking?The cinematography was good, and the acting was fine. But the story was contrived and rather silly throughout, and the ending was exactly as expected. This was a film obviously for adult audiences, with the sex scene and all the gay innuendo, yet it was written in such a simple way as if it were made for small children. Those who choose the Oscar winners lose their respectability when something like this is chosen as Best Picture over a truly great movie like Dunkirk.

This was better than expected. The sets, acting and story! So well done and not your run of the mill save the creature from evil flick. It shines from beginning to end!

Guillermo del Toro is a visionary filmmaker who has enchanted us over the years with films that centre around the fantasy and horror genre he has such a keen eye for. Whether it be the beautifully crafted Pan's Labyrinth or Pacific Rim, where the designs for the Kaiju were the stand-out, del Toro has blended such fantastical elements into a wide genre of films. His latest, The Shape of Water maintains such a bountiful filmmaking choice and then some.Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins) is a mute janitor working in top secret research facility in the 1960s. When she stumbles upon an amphibious creature being held captive for research, Elisa forms a unique bond with the creature, leading to an escape attempt and a love story quite unlike anything we've ever seen before.The Shape of Water is del Toro's first foray into a proper love story and the results are utterly spellbinding, his direction allowing the gentle nature of this relationship feel much more believable than if it was done with a heavy hand and his writing, along with Vanessa Taylor, offering the audience sheer escapism in romance, espionage and subtle comedy.The all-round craft of The Shape of Water really is something to behold; Paul D. Austerberry's intricate and gorgeously detailed production design providing such a wonderful backdrop, Dan Laustsen's cinematography beautifully encapsulating the bond between the lovers and Alexandre Desplat's majestic score accentuating the fantasy element to proceedings. Expect all three to be major contenders at the Academy Awards.Coming to the performances, The Shape of Water is full of such vastly different performances, all coming together to deliver such an immensely satisfying viewing experience. Sally Hawkins is outstanding as Elisa, spending the near entirety of the film evoking emotion through her body language and expressions, making her such a great character in the process. Richard Jenkins is delightful as Giles, Elisa's best friend, his comedic timing being put to great use here and Michael Shannon is expectedly great as Colonel Richard Strickland, the villain of the piece. The screen presence Shannon has is just ridiculous, lighting up the screen whenever he appears so it's good to see him collaborate with such a filmmaker as del Toro.The Shape of Water is a mesmerising tale of romance for the ages, Guillermo del Toro cementing his place in history as one of the most special filmmakers ever to have graced the silver screen with such a delicate masterpiece.

This movie is everything but a masterpiece or a very good one or perfect and titles like that. So if you are expecting something very special because it has been nominated for Oscar, Please highly avoid it or you will be disappointed. Well, actually it's better to avoid all the nominations maybe except "Get Out" because movie-making machine in 2017 terribly sucks. You have been warned!

Besides being long, weird and cheesy, the film goes for the trifecta of evil when it comes to white men. They hate gay people, they hate black people and they sexually harass women. Oh, and they are bad in bed and hate animals. Could you imagine if the sex scene with his wife was done by a black man? The outrage of how racist it would be? LOL... Surprisingly, this doesn't add or take away from the story line, which is a little weird..Save your money.. Unless you like bashing white dudes. Then this movie is for you.

If I could put a zero I would have.. basically a really awfully beauty and the beast kind of story and the whole thing was a waste of my time. I spent my whole flight back from Iceland watching this awful movie and had to fix it by watching the greatest showman. Basically any movie is better than this one

The Shape of Water is absolutely enchanting. Filmmaking at its most bold and sterling fashion. In theory, the premise of a timid young woman having sexual relations with a humanoid sea monster sounds bizarre and cringeworthy, but Guillermo del Toro's dark and extravagant craft has you see more of the beauty and elegance in the situation other than the disturbing nature. Sally Hawkins' delivers a silent yet spirited leading performance that effectively fuels the emotional and alluring moments surrounding her and the monster. The Shape of Water is simply fascinating. A unique "beauty and beast" story. It is Del Toro's magnum opus. A wonder to behold. Best film of 2017.

A ridiculous, empty, pretentious muddle. Great actors wasted. A perfect example of how to put glitter on a t*rd. Two stars for the design.

I'd never seen a Guillermo Del Toro movie before, but I'd heard of his movies and I was expecting an odd, fantastical film. "The Shape of Water" doesn't disappoint on that score, but I enjoyed the movie. The amphibious creature is very impressive. The movie makes you believe that the woman could fall for him. Octavia keeps it all real with her performance and earthy, snappy lines of dialogue. Michael Shannon gives his usual fine performance as the creature's cruel captor and keeper. His character is certainly "over the top" with his manner and cruelty. The sets are very impressive--the viewer is immersed in 1962 paranoid, cold war America. And of course the female lead actress deserves an Oscar for her portrayal of the mute janitor. She portrays so much emotion--love, desperation, kindness, anger--without a word. I will never be sure what motivates someone to write and direct such a story but congratulations to Mr. Del Toro!

All I want now is remove what I saw out of my mind !!!!!!
Seriously ?!!!This is the worst thing I ever seen in my life I don't know how the staff who works in this are happy or even think this is a good product!!Disgusting !!!!!!!!!!

Must have been a really down year for Hollywood.
This movie was pure BS amature(ish).
Should have been Creature of the Black Lagoon Redeaux.

To be honest i ll watch anything Guillermo del Toro makes because he defines for me what love is or what love can do. He shows most inhuman, alien, or beastly creatures are capable of love if you have the eye and heart for it. The creatures that he create and to mold them to life with so much detail and to have a backstory is the kind of work only del Toro can accomplish. I fell in love with the genre of horror solely because of him for he makes you see beneath the fear of the "other side" ...their perspective sometimes makes you cry. 
Coming to the movie, its an ordinary a girl meets boy genre and ofcourse with a fairy tale ending but what separates this movie apart from the normal rom-com genre is the brilliant cinematography and music editing specially with the bus scene with Hawkins running her fingers on the water on the mirror and the music cut at perfect timing!! Next is that Frank Sinatra scene on the stage with two of them dancing, it was suppose to be make one laugh but it made me cry... because we all know that somewhere how stupid it may seem we long for it. Then again cut scene from singing back to mute translation looked smoothly done . With actors such as Hawkins, Stuhlbarg , Shannon, Jenkins, Jones, and Spencer the movie was simple yet so beautifully crafted yes the word is CRAFTED! 
If you are up for a beautiful rom com with good taste of music and acting or more importantly going through rough patch in love... this is your movie! Cz its mine!

An aquatic creature is captured by the Americans during the Cold War and held at a secure facility. A cleaner at the facility, Elisa Esposito, played by Sally Hawkins, who is mute, connects with the creature and because he is being badly treated arranges for his escape. He stays in her apartment and they fall in love.This was winner of Best Film at this years Oscars so it must be good right. Well yes and no. The film does look fantastic, just beautifully shot throughout, and the performances by the main characters is excellent but...well it just did not do it for me.I actually watched this films in 2 parts. I started watching it and after half an hour was just not enjoying it switched it off. It is a rental Blu-Ray, so the next day, to get my moneys worth, I decided to give it a second chance starting from where I had finished. It grabbed me a bit more this time and I watched it to the end.I can see why some people love this film and rate it highly. Beautifully shot as I said, good performances, and a nice story. But the dark fantasy vibe that the film is wrapped up in did not work for me and I found it slow and a bit boring.Only watch if you are a Guillermo del Toro fan, or lover of this style of film.

I don't just get this movie. A sexually frustrated woman sees a human-like beast and chooses it as the solution to her unhappiness. I enjoyed the acting but the story is just so weird. So if aliens ever existed, will it also be cool to copulate with them? The motive is just not convincing enough.

In plain language since you denied my previous remarks which BTW did not violate TOS but somehow your staff, ( I would love to debate the issue with them but they hide behind the curtain) believed I did and BTW I never got a notice about acceptance or denial which is a violation of my TOS.
REGARDLESS, this movie is a disgrace, it is the worst movie since Shallow Hal and Plan (9from Outer Space!!!!

The Shape of Water (2017): I would say this is the kind of film that's more of an experience rather than a movie. Walking out of it, it feels like you just had a really beautiful, odd and emotional dream. Now I'm gonna warn you right away, this isn't a movie for everyone, but I think if you're the right kind of person for it, you already know that you'll like it. It's very art-house, it's very Guillermo Del Toro, it's very weird. Overall I really enjoyed "The Shape of Water", it leaves you with a good fuzzy feeling in your heart. I loved seeing every frame of it since Guillermo has a very distinctive and stylized look and tone. He manages to create a real world but with a dash of magic and fairy tale to it. The cinematography was absolutely astonishing (especially the colours), set design/costumes/etc were fantastic, the creature was really cool and pleasant to the eye (good mix of practical and CGI), the acting was good (even though the Russian was iffy). My only problem with the movie was the fact that it felt a little too long, I think a couple of tiny things could've been cut here and there and the movie would've been just as good. There's also a couple of things that felt unaddressed but as the viewer you let it slide and forget about them since you're focused on the main story. Basically, if you knew about this movie and you were interested in seeing it, see it. If you don't know anything about it or the works of Del Torro, probably don't. If I had to boil it down (egg joke) to a score it would be somewhere around 7.5/10 P/SDo NOT see it with kids unless you want to have some VERY awkward moments.

A cheap copy of Delicatessen! Worst oracar winning movie ever...

This movie has all it takes to be successful in the world of the oscars: An disabled person, a woman as the main character, a homosexual, an overpictured villian, sex, and a grand finale with completly non-logical decisions to drive the plot.
Spoileralert!
I started this movie with some expectations and was really looking forward. Lets begin with the positiv things:
-great music
-funny "dialogues" between Elisa and Delilah
-well done cgi and costumes
Cons:
Where to start? So many things about this movie seem to unease me and I wanna just point out some facts. First, it not make sense, that a cleaning staff member has non-restricted access to all rooms within a super secret research facility. Expecially not to the room where a creature is held that excists only once on the whole planet. 
Why is the villan so super evil? Why would he like to hit and torture this creature? That does not make sense in the first place. And why on earth is this creature shaped like a human? Narzism of the director? Are we humans so perfect that the only possible shape which came to their mind was humanoid? The human anatomy evolved to be superior on the ground but not a single marine creature has those features. So why does it have feet? To make the sex with the protagonist less creepy? Lets take human anatomy and add some fins and voila.
I was done when the creature kissed the dying protagonist in the end (which by the way resulted in her growing fins and gins subsequetly healing her wounds). Kissing is based on human culture and nothing you just come up with being a marine creature when you float in the water next to a dying person. Anyway, there are so many perfectly fitting reviews regarding the nonsense displayed in this movie also referring to the fact that this movie was kind of a remake of other movies. I wanted to let out trouble because nobody will be able to give me back the 2 hours of life I lost....and the veins that ruptured when I heard how many prices this movie won.

This film is the perfect definition of the words cheesy and kitsch. The real reason that I'm shocked is because it won an Oscar. Wow. Just wow...

I'm in disbelief that this won Best Picture over Three Billboards, a superb film. The Shape of Water is just. plain. stupid.

No doubt master-class cinematography, but there's a subtle undertone which is not related to empathy, at least not in my own humble opinion, and using a movie to share this to a wider audience is somewhat tricky and to some extent borderline manipulation. The first thing is trying to show a vision that normalizes relationships between older men and much younger individuals (Giles and the Pie Man), and the second thing is trying to normalize inter-species relationships (human-being and fish-being) where for some weird reason a fish-being eating a cat is seen as completely natural. Is it natural for a human being to have sex with a horse, dog or dolphin (after all dolphins are extremely intelligent), as long as there's "love" involved? Don't know, but this movie is playing with some very weird definitions of healthy relationships. To be honest, in my opinion it has crossed a number of very clear lines (thinking pedophilia and bestiality here). If we're trying to normalize everything that's occurring on our tiny planet, then will any norms and values be safe at all? Is this movie all about showing empathy, or is it trying to open doors to behavior that's simply unacceptable?

Great acting by the heroine . The creature was artistic and perfect for the film. Was it an alien or immigrant camouflaged? Enjoyed this lurid movie but absolutely liked the devotion of the heroine and her supporting actress female star.

Went to see this film on premiere night in the UK and was completely Amazed! After seeing the trailer it went straight on my watch list, I must say though if you think there will be anymore excitement and twists there is not but this doesn't mean it isn't a outstanding film!
The sets were all so well made and designed for the era of the film fitting perfectly. The acting was incredible once again sticking to the time era and story very well! Sally Hawkins is phenomenal especially considering she had to play a mute person and still signing throughout the whole film, The connection between all the characters was portrayed sensitively and correctly with Octavia Spencer also showing the difficulties of being a coloured woman and how hard it was to still be accepted. 
With a perfect happy ending for both characters and a tear shed this will be one of my top films for a long time!

I wasn´t sure what to expect, but I loved it. I smiled and enjoyed the whole movie. A beautiful film. Great acting, photography and story.

From one of my favorite directors, even though his last film (Crimson Peak) was a bit of a miss for me, comes the most unique and bizarre fairy tale you'll ever see, even though it is not for everyone.What I don't get is why is everyone bashing this film for three reasons that make absolutely no sense. Either they are bashing it for being too black and white (which I agree to an extent), even though all characters are deeply flawed, and even if they weren't, it's still a fairy tale, I don't see anyone criticizing Beauty and the Beast or The Lion King for the same reasons. Or they bash it because the villain is a white male, even though the whole story happens in a military setting during the cold war so, who were you expecting to be in the military, an elderly woman? lol, and there's also a guy that helps the protagonists who is also a white straight male, so this makes no sense. Or they are bashing it for being unrealistic, which is just even worse because the plot of the movie is about a girl who falls in love with a merman of sorts.Rant aside, I don't want to spoil much, just watch this for the amazing settings, the amazing cinematography, the great acting, an unique plot and an incredible love story that should be creepy, but it just isn't because of the amazing directing. My only nitpick would be the ending, which I personally didn't like, but the movie is still very enjoyable nonetheless and one of the best movies of the year. Ignore the Haters! 9/10

So much appealed to me about 'The Shape of Water'. The trailer and story captivated me, Guillermo Del Toro has done some great work prior (especially one of my favourite films 'Pan's Labyrinth'), the critical acclaim and numerous wins and nominations (including a whopping thirteen Oscar nominations as we speak) promised so much as did the talented cast and having Alexandre Desplat on board.Luckily, 'The Shape of Water' didn't disappoint me at all. For me, it's one of Del Toro's best and his best since 'Pan's Labyrinth'. It's a beautifully transfixing adult fairy tale with elements of 'Beauty and the Beast', 'Amelie' and 'Creature from the Black Lagoon', while showing a real sense of unsettlement and affectionate nostalgia from film and music from the golden age.Everything here absorbs, right from the visually gorgeous, musically hauntingly beautiful and really quite wondrous opening to the genuinely unnervingly tense and powerful, in emotion and violent action, climax. The love story is very touching and has a lot of heart, the conflict provided by the as ice cold monster a villain as one can get brings chills up the spine, Elisa and Zelda's friendship has warmth and that between Elisa and Giles has charm and poignancy. 'The Shape of Water' is one of the best-looking films of the year bar none. There is a real fairy-tale, in both sheer other-worldly beauty and sometimes unsettlingly nightmarish, look to the cinematography. The production and costume design are meticulously detailed, evocative (one really is taken back to the Cold War's look and atmosphere) and atmospheric, while the creature design clearly looked like a lot of care and effort went into it and the editing has a natural and cohesive flow. Alexandre Desplat's music score is ethereal and hauntingly beautiful, especially so in the opening scene, one of the best scored opening scenes of the year. The vivid sound mixing and editing helps it a lot, and the pre-existing music also makes a positive impression with the rendition of "You Never Know" touching the soul and haunting the mind. 'The Shape of Water' is one of the best examples of Del Toro's mastery of story-telling when the material is particularly good, like it is here and in 'Pan's Labyrinth', with all the different elements ideally balanced and just as strong individually. Regarding the script, it's tightly structured, poetic, poignant, nostalgic, thought-provoking and with nothing inconsequential. What is done with the monster is a revelation, not just because the design is so rich in detail, expressive and real but Doug Jones masterfully brings nuances, chills and heartfelt emotion and makes the monster much more than a creature design that looks good but with no soul.Can't fault the acting either. Sally Hawkins is one of the finest recent examples of conveying so many different emotions and nuances without saying a word, my personal favourite as of now of the nominees for this year's Best Actress Oscar category (yes even more so than Frances McDormand for 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri'). Octavia Spencer is humorously earthy and sympathetic and warmth and sincerity shines through every aspect of Richard Jenkins' performance. Michael Shannon has rarely been creepier than he is here and Michael Stuhlbarg is also fine. In summary, unsettling and truly beautiful, one of the year's must sees. 10/10 Bethany Cox

I just saw The Shape of Water, and loved it. What a beguiling and strange jewel of a movie. I think it's a masterpiece of the cinematic arts. 9/10 stars. Guillermo del Toro is a brilliant filmmaker.

I gave The Shape of Water a 10/10 because it is perfect in every way that it wants to be. No, I don't think it's the greatest movie of all time; no, I don't think everyone will enjoy it as much as I did; no, I certainly don't think it's my favorite movie ever (although it's probably top ten). It gets a 10/10 because I think Guillermo accomplished everything he set out to do in making this beautiful, haunting, genuinely gorgeous fairy tale. I hope it isn't too bizarre for people to go see, because the story is fantastic. The visuals are visceral and emotive and precisely Guillermo Del Toro. The soundtrack is superb. There hasn't been a movie that captivated me and had me deeply invested in the characters right off the bat like this one did. There's no moment where you stop and go "wait, this is a little too weird for me", it just works. Michael Shannon is fantastic in his role, but might be overshadowed by the flawless Sally Hawkins. Without the addition of Spencer, it might have been too overwhelmingly tragic at times-- she was a nice comedic break in a really pretty heavy story. I might come back and re-review this later, but for right now all I have left to say is: wow.

I never know what to expect from the Guilhermo Del Toro films, he is a director who made the spectacular El Laberinto del Fauno which is one of the best fantasy films of the genre, but the rest of his filmography I've never been much of a fan of his films, Cronos is a good movie, The Devil's Backbone is cool, but I expected more, Blade and Hellboy I admit I have not watched yet, Pacific Rim disappointed me a lot, even though it's cool too and Crimson Peak is pretty weak and now comes The Shape of Water that is placed as one of the favorites to win the Oscar for best film, and look I think it will win (even with defeat in the golden globe), is one of the best films of 2017 without doubts, a touching and very beautiful film Guilhermo Del Toro does a great job with the characters in the film, but it is not a good idea to have a good ending. your best I work in directing, he does wonderful scenes and there are moments that would give an excellent picture to put on the wall, and in my view he deserves to win Oscar for best director, the film does not lose its rhythm, I do not like romance, but it was Impossible not to like the chemistry of the protagonist Elisa with the amphibious creature, the relationship of the 2 is very well built, the cast is excellent, Sally Hawkins made my favorite female performance of 2017 and I will hope her win the Oscar, she can transmit emotions Even without talking about the film, it's hard for you not to get infected with the character and cheer for her in the film, Michael Shannon is fine as always, you feel angry about your character, even if he has moments that he is a bit generic, but I liked the character in the film, Octavia Spencer is great, I really liked her character and how she is also built her relationship with Elisa, you see that it is a true friendship between the two, and even in difficult times help one another, Ric hard Jenkins is great too, is a character who also has a nice friendship with Elisa and he has a very important role in the film, Doug Jones the actor who always is with Guilhermo Del Toro, is an actor who deserves more recognition for his work, he is always characters that uses a lot of makeup, but he can handle very well always, the creature that is even very well made and looks great, not to mention the beauty of the creature, the rest of the cast is also very competent, the trail Alexandre Desplat's sound is impeccable, it's a smooth and great listening track, a great favorite in the Oscar of the best soundtrack and if you win it's going to be very well deserved, The Shape of Water is a masterpiece, a touching, romantic and very beautiful film , with excellent scenes, impeccable performances, an incredible direction from Del Toro and a very original and very well done script, is a great competitor to take Oscar for best film. Note 10

Yeah, it's a little strange but it's not the typical theme and repeated story line that we see over and over again. The acting was fantastic. Lots of funny little lines in it .

Acting was fantastic... but I don't think we want to watch stuff we can't actually imagine happening. I'm sitting through this whole movie wondering why didn't he give her the ability to talk? Why exactly is she mute? Who screws an amphibian monster??!? I mean the list goes on and on... why did I waste my life watching this?!? Because it was an Oscar winner?!? Why? I still don't know. My favorite thing about this movie is the friendship of Elisa and Giles as well as Zelda. Zelda in particular always nagging about her husband. I wish I could recommend this.... but it was just so tacky in the intro where Elisa is masturbating within five mins of the movie.... as well as the whole story line.... I just can't.

Wondering how on earth did it won 4 Oscars. Definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen.

THE SHAPE OF WATER (2017) **** Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins, Doug Jones, Michael Stuhlbarg, Nick Searcy, David Hewlett. 'The Creature From The Black Lagoon' meets 'Amelie' could've been the pitch for this romantic sci-fi offering from filmmaker Guillermo del Toro (who co-wrote with Vanessa Taylor) about a lonely, mute cleaning woman (Hawkins continuing to make smart decisions in a truly remarkable career thus far) for a top secret government lab circa 1962 where she finds an unlikely soulmate - an amphibious man-like creature (Jones doing wonders in motion capture ballet) that has been captured and taken from the swamps of South America to Baltimore for further observation and study. Del Toro balances fantasy, horror and genuine dramatic pathos wonderfully with dexterity in blending his odd couple into one amazing study of the concept of communication via love. Spencer adds strong and fun support as Hawkins' co-worker, BFF as well as Jenkins as her gay, commercial artist next-door neighbor but it is Shannon who stands out as the villainous and odious security lead to the operation whose racist, sexist, bullying jerk has subtle shades of grey bubbling underneath the surface - which best could also describe this superb film. Outstanding production design by Paul D. Austerberry, Nigel Churcher's varying hues of eerie and ethereally themed greens add punch with art direction, a sublimely romantic score by Alexander Desplat and handsome cinematography by Dan Laustsen prove a joint effort by all involved. One of the year's best films.

Wow! How this movie EVER was considered for an award blows my mind. The fact that it actually WON awards is beyond belief! The story is beyond absurd and poorly done. I had really looked forward to seeing it, but waited for it to be on HBO. I'm SO glad I did. If I had PAID to see this movie at the theater, I would be VERY unhappy!I LOVE sci-fi, and have since I was a child in the '50's. Even the "B" movies of those years are far superior to this one.I'd go into the weak script, but, considering the awards it has won, there are people out there who might want to see this. For me, it's right up there with the original Little Shop of Horrors, not worth the price of the film to create it. Boo, hiss!

It's a worse movie I ever watched. If you are not some artistic freak, instead just a regular human being, stay away from this movie

Menudo bodrio. Tal cual lo digo.
Impossibly boring badly done sh...t!

The headline is pretty much self explanatory. The fact that this movie has won an Oscar is a sign that the Academy Awards' opinion cannot be based on while evaluating movies.
Its pretty much it. I used to respect the Academy Awards' opinion but for the last couple of years, they've pretty much become the People's Choice Awards.
How did this movie win an Oscar?

Thanks God for "fast forward" option, that's the only way to watch this film. So boring.

I should have known better than to believe all those darling critic reviews of this ridiculous train wreck. And it won Oscars?! Just goes to show how far Hollywood has sunk (no dumb pun intended). I couldn't stand Sally Hawkins and her drab 'performance' as a sad, pathetic loser who finally FINDS LOVE! Get out the Kleenex for all the politically correct schmaltz. And that goofy soundtrack was annoying, to say the least. And Michael Shannon as the 'oh so evil' creepy corporate CEO, in one of his worst "performances". Was never any great fan of his. Can you spell One Dimensional Stereo Type?We're also bombarded by political correctness galore in one of the most stupid and boring two hours of GARBAGE.I'm sorry, but I am no Del Toro groupie, considering that he was another a-hole who signed the Polanski Petition. Speaks volumes of his 'character.'And I hope I never have to endure another Sally Hawkins film. She's terrible and I felt zero sympathy for her. She comes off like another jerk.So typical of the crap that Hollywood has been dumping on us for far too long. Do anything to avoid this idiotic torture.More like the Shape of $hit. Watch grass grow instead.

"The Shape of Water" is beautiful. Writer and Director Guillermo del Toro tells the story of the shape of love, that it can look any way you can imagine. His screenplay along with co-writer Vanessa Taylor tells the poignant tale of feeling alone in the world, and the possibility of love that we all deserve. Sally Hawkins is amazing as lonely mute Elisa discovers her greatness within, her voice. Hawkins is so moving in her visage and silence. "The Shape of Water" is the strange love story of Elisa and the noble amphibious-man Creature. Discovering that the Creature's life is threatened, Elisa implores her dear friend Giles, played by compassionate Richard Jenkins, to help save him. Through sign language Elisa says, "When he looks at me, he does not know how I am incomplete. He sees me as I am." That breaks your heart. Elisa just wants to be loved. She just wishes to be gotten. We all do. "The Shape of Water" eloquently expresses humanity. Awesome Doug Jones literally inhabits the Creature through CGI effects and all. His languid movement and gentle expressions illuminate the noble Creature's generous heart of the one, who loves Elisa back. Dan Lausten's cinematography mesmerizes. Elisa is the janitor along with her friend Zelda, played by strong Octavia Spencer, on the midnight shift at the secret Government facility in Washington D.C. set in the 1960's during the height of the Cold War. The story set mostly at night has brilliant tones of gray and muted lighting in the midst of this touching love story fable. Del Toro gracefully balances the dichotomy of the narratives. Lausten and del Toro create the astounding images of Jones's shimmering regal blue Creature, nearly human enough for us to cheer on. Amazingly del Toro's world of "The Shape of Water" is mostly light or dark, little gray. The light is Elisa and Giles. Narrator Giles opens the tale of "the princess without voice". Jenkins's Giles is the old unemployed commercial artist, who suffers over his sexual identity. Brilliant Michael Shannon as Government Agent Strickland is the dark. Strickland captured the legendary Creature from the Amazon bringing him back to DC to uncover his secrets. He mercilessly tortures the Creature. In the meantime the Russians are also interested in the mysterious "asset" and pursue him as well. Strickland represents the one downside of del Toro's narrative. As embodied by Shannon, Strickland is clever, cruel, vicious and insufferably pious. He is also bigoted. He has no nuance. Greater villains are much grayer. Though gray comes in the form of wise Michael Stuhlberg as Dr. Hoffstetler, the dedicated scientist who seems stand for the Creature. We first see Hawkins's Elisa awake to begin her janitor night shift. She sets the timer to boil her eggs while she routinely pleasures herself in the bath. Elisa bares telltale scars on her neck. She packs two bagged lunches, one for her apartment neighbor friend Giles (Jenkins). She smiles and takes her bus to work. Hawkins is understated power in how she expresses Elisa's profound loneliness and hopefulness without saying. Much of the beauty of "The Shape of Water" is in the unsaid. Being with the Creature though unlikely as it seems, we get that it is Elisa's "perchance to dream". Hawkins harnesses Elisa's authentic desperation, and her great heart touches us with the lighter side of our humanity. "The Shape of Water" is the fantastical love story fable. The great fables allow us to enter that world of wonder. "The Shape of Water" is the possibility of love no matter what it looks like. That is the world worth visiting, and perhaps living in as well.

I have no idea why this movie has such a high score

I feel sorry for everyone who didn't like this film because now they have to live with the reality that it won the Oscar. And a bunch of other awards too. I'm so glad I got to see it in the theater. It's definitely best appreciated on the big screen. Oh, and you need a soul in order to understand it.

I was left speechless, touched and amazed by the end of the movie. I am typically not a fan of romantic movies, but wow. I completely loved this one, to say the least. The acting was amazing, the plot was unique, exciting, interesting and I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. A must watch!!

So my award contenders binge begins with the Shape of Water. This was a very beautiful movie. Very " steamy"and "violent" . But I really enjoyed it. I saw the Guillermo del Toro exhibit at LACMA last year and the man has such a unique style that I really admire. He knows how to world build in a way that's both magical and realistic. I mean this production design is just outstanding and beautiful to look at. Its a romantic story with beautiful art direction and awesome performances. The score was actually really nice too it was refreshing to have nice music in the background that flowed really well. I really liked Richard Jenkins and how even though it's in the 60's his story is very relevant to today. Sally Hawkins plays a mute character this entire movie and even though she doesn't say a word her performance sill conveys so much emotion. The movie can be off putting for some people because it might be cheesy or just really creepy and odd but it's crafted so well the pros outweigh the cons for me. I think I have to remove the It movie from my top 10 and bump some things up one so this becomes #6 on my list. I'll post a final list once I see the other nominees if I make more changes. Ps to all my fellow gamers, if Bioshock were to become a movie should Del Toro do it? I mean watch the first 10 minutes and think what it would be like if he did a Bioshock movie. Easy 9.5/10 for me.

My rating of 2 stars is solely for the production values. This is really just a B-grade movie made on a huge budget with a highly skilled production team - it has no other redeeming qualities, and, except for the fact that so many other clunkers have won oscars, I would be bewildered at its success at the Academy Awards.The plot is very much a remake of The Creature From The Black Lagoon (1954), but it comes off a poor second in comparison.

Whole movie pretty much disapointing. Weird actors with little skills.

While I am a huge fan of Guillermo del Toro's work, this film simply didn't hit the mark. It simply seemed like they were pushing hard to have the "feel" of an old sci-fi flick, with little attention to any progression in the story. I am amazed this film received so many award nods, as it was simply not on that level!

Worst moovie I've seen in years...
Bad decor, bad music, bad everything.

This movie makes no sense. People don't have sex with fish. That shouldn't even be possible. What do they expect to get out of it? A mutant baby!?

I love Sally Hawkins and Michael Shannon, but they are the only positive for this movie. Checked user reviews after watching the movie, and the majority of the ratings were a 1 or 2, and a 2 is generous. Totally agree with other users have said about this movie.

This was so bad.. I mean how can they give this movie two oscars? I am glad that I didn't went to the movie theaters and gave money. I love Guillermo del Toro but this was straight up bad. The story was absurd and childish. There was no logic at all. A love story between a fish and a girl? Was del Toro high or something when he came up with this story? Please, don't waste your time watching this movie.

Giving the audience a misconception of fantasy and musical, this film has failed to do both. What a terrible idea. Direction aside, what was the writer trying to sell here, art, NO, music, NO, nothing about this movie is great. Simply a horrible experience. 
And if movies like that keep on winning academy awards, i am afraid, we are in deep deep trouble.

It's the 60s, the era of Cold War. The Americans are living their dream, while at the same time fearing the nuclear bomb and the Red Threat. Spy game is in full bloom and both of the great nations are vying for technological supremacy. In the midst of this, a most curious specimen arrives at a space research laboratory in Baltimore. A being unlike anything seen by modern science. But curiously it's the mute cleaning woman, who best seems to understand this beastman.Guillermo del Toro has always traveled down his own path. In fact, I'm unsure whether he even knows the main path exists at all. With The Shape of Water he returns back to the genre of adult fairy tales. Quite like his previous film, Pan's Labyrinth. And truth be told, these two films have much in common. Both feature female characters struggling between two worlds, those of myth and reality. In both the myth offers an escape both from the fears and horrors of the real world. In both it's the reality that reveals itself to be the source of true evil.That being said, there are differences. The setting is quite different, changing war-torn Spain for Cold War United States, though both of these locations are treated with a critical and nostalgic touch, although the films don't forget to have a smile every now and then either. And whereas Pan's Labyrinth was told through the eyes of a child protagonist, reflecting and talking about the fears and challenges of childhood, The Shape of Water has as its main character a woman. A sexually frustrated, lonely woman. And the film reflects that quite nicely. It's a risque film in many respects and I doff my hat to del Toro for having the guts to go all the way.It's also a beautifully acted film. Sally Hawkins is marvelous, especially having to play a mute person. Yet her soul is laid bare in front of us and we struggle alongside her through her hardships and victories. Michael Shannon as Colonel Strickland gives a great performance as well and I do feel he was slightly snubbed in not getting an Oscar nomination.If I was forced to choose, I would say Pan's Labyrinth is the better film. But it's a minute difference. The Shape of Water is a beautiful, thoughtful film that shows del Toro to be one of the best storytellers of our time.

It's rare that I see a film which isn't part of a franchise or based on a book/ game/ TV show. I had almost forgotten how good it feels to see a film where you have absolutely no idea what is going to happen - I'd you don't consider oceans razor

I absolutely loved this film. It was a love story of a different kind between two completely different species who could only communicate by body language. It was beautifully done and had its own gritty characters that you loved to hate. It was quirky from the outset and you wonder if it is going be any good, and it is far better than just good. The love story element isn't completely original but the way it has been executed is totally original. All of the actors were fabulous and aside from the main story, each had their own story to tell which made you feel as though you could relate to them and understand their presence in the film. All in all an exceptionally well executed film of an old fashioned love story with a twist.

This was the biggest waste of time ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Cold hearted and inhuman Americans, compassionate and decent Soviets? It's not just a bad movie, it's a propaganda piece. Such amount of hatred for the healthy society can come only from a spiteful, little man.

There's nothing hidden or secret about the plot if you're paying attention the first time. The amount of praise and hype for this film set pretty high expectations and I wish that it hadn't but it was too late. Parts of the story and some characters were enjoyable but for the most part, it just felt flat and was grossly underdeveloped for the amount of storytelling needed to make me care at all about any of these characters. Everyone fit into a perfect mold for their role in the story. There's not really anyone who feels like a real person, but if you can somehow find yourself connecting to the main character, you might have a shot at enjoying the movie. I did not, and I tried. Not the worst movie I've seen in the last couple years, but in the bottom 10 or so.

It must be known that the cinema belongs the one who loves it most. No matter the level of artistic perspective we are the ones who paying for it. Just with one word it doesnt worth it! I would rather to go a post-modern art museum if i want to see such a crap!

It's a very long boring movie, had a hard time staying awake to watch it.

A painful experience that you'd wish you got paid for to experience rather than pay someone else so that you may go through it.The story is very weak, nothing original or inspired, even down to the design of the creature.Make sure to bring your politically correct check-list on this one. It's a terribly convenient panderfest to many modern social topics, Hollywood's biases proudly shining through on this pile of fecal matter in loud desperation so obvious as to kill any potential saving graces this film may have had, yes I am liberal leaning, but not such a fragile child I need my politics coddled every 10 minutes..Speaking of saving graces, the only one I can think of is the authentic feeling of the environment, nothing new, but it gets the job done well enough for the film.Other than that, it's a major bore fest, loads of empty air, many "why did we waste time on this plot path?" moments, plenty of illogical points(if the creature is so dangerous, why aren't there permanent guards? Why can the creature so easily get out of the top of it's tank?) etc etc...And to add more insult to injury, it got best picture...This film will help you down the path of an existential crisis as to the state of the entertainment industry.The only thing good to come of this movie is the scathing review I've decided to write for it for therapeutic purposes, so thank you Mr. Del Toro. please quit while you're ahead...

Disturbing, creepy and absurd squeak and creaking. Nothing beautiful. the protagonist is as selfish as those capitalist son of a bitch. and damn her creepy smile.

The movie is about a mute lady janitor who works in a govt. lab. She has an African American girlfriend at work (guess I have to mention "platonic ' in this day and age) and the two of them hate the boss. His position as "ogre in chief" is established early , when he wanders into the men's room when the ladies are cleaning, and rather un sheepishly urinates right in front of the two. It would have been easy for the man to simply step into a stall to pee, however, it would have been similarly easy for the ladies to divert their eyes and simply not watch, or also just to walk out and give him his privacy.Just who is creepier in the above situation is a matter of opinion, but the writers sympathies lie with the ladies as the above mentioned boss is also shown to be a sadist. The lab experiment creature he enjoys beating on, and the same creature falls in love with the cleaning lady, and the movie turns total "chick flick" from their on.The rave reviews are of the sort that makes you think some critics probably think they are supposed to like it. It is your basic "adult men are evil" PC message. If you enjoy seeing adult male bosses belittled you will enjoy this, otherwise stay away.

Music, visuals, acting, and storyline, all things are so fascinating and well organized. One thing is that more drama, like the procedure of falling love, is needed to put myself into them.

Although this film is not perfect by any means, I am in shocked to see most of the reviews giving it a 1 or 2 rating. This movie is the prime example of original storytelling, by a great director, Guillermo Del Toro, a movie about true love. First off, the cinematography is marvelous and it is visually stunning since they did not add too much of CGI into it. The antagonist of the movie named Strickland played by Michael Shannon shows his ruthlessness towards the humanoid creature and will do anything to achieve his main purpose, the action scenes are really realistic and tense as it makes you get on the edge of your seat as well. The scientist in the secret facility named Mr.Hoffstetler played by Michael Stuhlbarg represents the compassion and tenderness side of mankind by expressing solicitude towards the humanoid creature. Other than that, a mute woman and her friend named Elisa and Zelda played by Sally Hawkins and Octavia spencer are fantastic in it as her friend delivered the humorous conversations between the both of them, and the mute woman shows her expression of love and benevolence towards the humanoid creature is really touching. I'm not gonna give away anything spoilery so just give it a shot for this movie, it isn't something you see everyday in the cinemas.Overall : 8/10

Wow i didnt expect much but this is just so bad. waste of time. better go outside

Obviously, Guillermo Del Toro watched lots of Jean-Pierre Jeunet movies before he shot this movie. Unfortunately this movie doesn't offer anything new and original to you. Basically the movie says "don't be prejudiced" and "there is no boundry for love". But this kind of messages have already been given in a lot of other movies and this movie doesn't add anything new to the old ones. The characters are not well-build and so simple as if they're in the child movie or cartoon. For example, there is a villain character who likes to torment the creature and you can't even understand why he is like that. Also the bathroom scene is stolen from the movie "delicatessen". Academy gave 4 oscars to this movie and it's really disappointing. It didn't even deserve one of them. I hope Del Toro doesn't continue to steal another director's ideas and win prizes with them.

The trailers didn't make it clear this was going to be such a romance film. I was wary about the 'magical realism' which these directors do terribly but still decided to give it a chance. Given the sadly increasing numbers of people with poor standards, they make these movies with its simplified, preachy politics which appeals to these simpletons.It's making these already dumb people even dumber. Hollywood needs to straight up wiped off the face of this planet.

Save yourself.
Deaf woman and captured sea monster of dubious sentience, intellect, and abilities (as well as apparent abilities you'll wish had remained dubious) trick the evil government scientists, have sex, then run away together.None too subtle.
While the film had awesome potential, it quickly devolves into a hortatory platform promoting sex n love without borders. It's ALL good!!! Liberal crap. How long before Hollywood romanticizes a woman pursuing those tingly feelings she's developed for her Golden Retriever?

It wasn't as interesting as i thought, she just meets a creature from the freaking blue lagoon and then romance takes off 😑

I just saw this and did not enjoy it. I thought the actors were more like caricatures than characters. Performances were too one dimensional and unbelievable. I read some reviews where people said that those that didn't like it didn't really understand it. I understood the commentary about minorities, etc. It's not like that aspect was really subliminal. It was pretty much in your face. I really wasn't looking for a civics lesson. For those that need Hollywood to teach us/them or reinforce morality then go for it. For those looking to be entertained don't waste two plus hours of your life.

...seen such a steaming pile of garbage as this film. There are bad movies that you still enjoy watching, but this... this is a special kind of atrocious. 
1) I do not understand who this movie is made for. The "feelings" of the characters are so damn simplistic that the characters from Notebook would be jealous. Characters are either horrendous murderous monsters, or the most wonderful people to ever exist. This kind of simplicity reminds me of children's movies, because children don't understand complex emotions and feelings, but there are extremely explicit sexual and violent scenes, so this is clearly targeted at adults... adults with a very primitive understanding of human relationships and, well, actually the "love" itself. 
2) It would be an understatement to say that every single character is one-dimensional. Main character is numb and super kind, and that's all we know about her, apart from the fact that she has a perpetual "deer in the headlights" look to her and acts as a person with the mild Down syndrome.
Neighbor is gay and that's all we know.
Main character's friend is a sassy black lady and that's about it.
And main villain is just that - the worst person to ever walk the face of Earth. He is racist, sexist, abusive, likes to torture people.
3) Not sure how to put it, but the film is just stupid. The entire premise is something out of a Disney cartoon for a 5 year old.
4) It is so shallow. So, so shallow. If you find this movie "deep" or "beautifully emotional' as some reviewers say, you clearly have a mental maturity of a 3 year old. No, this is not how love works. No, you don't fall in love with a man (or a fish) because he ate eggs with you, listened to music with you, and was being cute - this is how you bond with a pet. Just embarrassing.

Everything was on point. I really loved how the story panned out. The creature was well designed, unlike most monster movies they actually hinted us answers about the creature. Except there were lame decision making cliché sprinkled all over. Other than that, i couldn't complain more. Story could've been much more vast. The 60s backdrop was amazing too. People shouldn't miss this movie. Beast and beauty movies always have a flamboyant effect on me.

Crap. Don't waste your money. Just.... crap. Waste of time and money.

I cannot understand all the 'great' reviews this movie has garnered. The story is plodding and boring with nudity added for zero reason. Musical scene mid movie stupid and confusing. The whole 'sex with fish monster' thing was moronic and WHY did the writers feel it necessary to show fish guy eating the head off of a cat??
HATED IT, 2 hours of my life I will never get back...

The fish-man's Halloween costume was superb.
The movie was a bad dream. Start to finish.
Don't bother.

Worst Movie I have ever seen, couldn't get more than half way through it.

A cross between "The Creature from the Black Lagoon", "Free Willy", and "Love Story". The song and dance routine was straight out of "Young Frankenstein"!

Saw this at the cinema yesterday and loved it ! Definitely worth watching. Plot-wise, the film offers nothing new. It is basically a reworking/mash up of vintage creature features and the classic 'Beauty and the Beast' storyline. Socially awkward/withdrawn girl finds and falls in love with misunderstood beast, set in early 1960's Baltimore in a Cold War era top secret research/military facility. The real magic in this movie stems from both the lush cinematography and the flawless cast. The sets and feel of the movie are very true to the times. Del Toro relies heavily on green symbolism - one character stating that 'green is the colour of the future' - and the entire movie has a hint of green. The significance of the colour is interesting, and would love to find out more about that. The casting choices for this film are perfect. Sally Hawkins played the lead role to awkward perfection. Michael Stuhlbarg and Michael Shannon were really natural choices as the shifty/conflicted scientist/spy and the dead-inside antagonist, respectively. My favourite acting duo in this film come in the form of Octavia Spencer and Richard Jenkins, whose comedic performances really made the film. It was also amazing how the movie touched upon their personal lives as segregated minority groups whilst focusing on them as such multidimensional characters. These days, it is rare to watch a film that really elicits the number of emotions (and some tears) that this movie has done. Very well done Mr Del Toro!

I really liked the movie, then movie had such a nice love story and what i loved the most about this movie was how i was never bored and their was always something happening.Sticklands character was very strong as the villain of the movie

All rise! Guillermo Del Toro, you have earned the right to sit among the greatest directors of modern cinema. Although, his masterpiece 'Pan's Labyrinth' is a greater accomplishment, this twisted period love story cements his talents. A mute cleaner in a secret facility encounters an enchanted sea creature and rapidly falls in love with it. With it currently being tortured and threatened to be executed, she takes it upon herself to kidnap the asset before it's too late. Del Toro is a director who excites me. Why? Because he is one of the few that boldly utilises creativity to paint canvases filled with magic and memorable imagery. His directing style is always so competent, to a point where I eventually forget I'm watching a film and actually believe I'm there in the picture. What he has crafted here is a beautiful tale that captures romance elegantly. Conveying themes of human destruction, solidarity and most important true love. A human falling for an amphibious creature, it does sound ridiculously childish yet Del Toro confidently sprinkles violence and gore to camouflage the inconceivable plot...to actually make it believable. Yes, our protagonist conveniently falls for the creature rather too quickly (and that's my only major criticism) but as the story unfolds we find the two are more connected on an emotional level. Rather touching I must say. The constant classic films in the background, Desplat's vintage score and the nods to silver screen traits (like monochrome tap dancing) heightens the cinematic appeal of the narrative. Sally Hawkins gives a luminous and powerful performance using just actions which conveys her emotions eloquently. Richard Jenkins provided great comic relief that honestly surprised me. Michael Shannon always plays an antagonising villain. In fact, all the cast members were fantastic. I literally could go on and on about how much I adored this experience. It's not just a film, but a journey and one that I will remember for a long time.

With the Shape of Water Guillermo del Toro again proves his impeccable competence with the creation of atmospheric, fairytale-like worlds. The production design and love for detail in this movie is spectacular and immediately immerses you into the setting.Sally Hawkins as the mute main protagonist does a phantastic job!The shortcoming of this movie is the story, which is unconventional but really dull in parts. This makes the movie less likeable than it could be.

The Shape of Water is a film that needs time to fascinate you. I kept asking myself whether I liked it or not for about one third of its length. I loved the cinematography, I was fascinated by the main character, though she reminded me a bit too much of Amélie, I liked some supporting actors very much. But I was not sure I loved the whole. But yes, in the end the story is beautiful and poetically told. And some scenes of this film will stay in my memory forever.

It seems all hit movies these days follow one of 4 plots, This is different. It has aspects of all genres, but sticks to none. The note to detail, of the period is art in itself. The creature is magnificent. Only hints of his powers and abilities, with one or two demonstrations. His powers are not really displayed to the fullest rather referred too, with just enough evidence for you to believe he is capable of amazing things. Not like the Marvel movies, were you are just clobbered over the head with super abilities. It is tender, delicate. The acting, directing, casting is all top notch.It was a joy to watch.

Del Toro has made his masterpiece. 
The Shape of Water is a mature, fantastical romance with a nostalgic Key-Lime slice of the Hollywood B-Movie classics of which we know he loves.It is beautiful story that explores broken people living in a hostile world, reaching out for a connection.
Elisa's story is one of resourcefulness when vulnerable, showing the strength of compassion, love and empathy when all seems lost.
The visual style was outstanding and dragged (or rather, waltz'd) me back to the look and feel of Jean-Pierre Jeunet's The City of Lost Children with it's film-noir-esque use of light, shape and rain.
And as for the monster ... I've said it before, and I'll say it again .. I love the way Doug Jones moves!

Guillermo del Toro already showed he could make a film like "The Shape of Water" before. His gift for turning historical fiction into fairy tales was abundantly clear in the stunning 2006 film "Pan's Labyrinth" - it's just a shame we had to wait so long for him to enchant us again.The delay was probably because Del Toro has many mistresses as a storyteller, namely horror, science fiction and fantasy, so the fact that he has such a big heart hidden beneath his inclinations toward surface-level genre pleasures always seems to come as a surprise. In "The Shape of Water," he's able to scratch all those itches, but he and co-writer Vanessa Taylor craft a story rooted in classical romantic ideals of good, evil and love, pushing back against the complexities of most modern films to deliver something pure if not escapist. The story has dark turns and embraces violence, race and sexuality in a way you would never have seen if the film were made even 20 years ago, and that gives "The Shape of Water" an unexpected verve to accompany its many classic tropes and general romantic aura. In other words, the film presents and plays out in a way that's more traditional Hollywood than any of the other most-talked-about films of the year, but upon closer examination is actually quite progressive.Taking place in Baltimore during the Cold War, the film essentially tells the story of a group of social outcasts who try to save a mysterious human-like sea creature from being exploited and experimented on for the sake of America's pissing contest with Soviet Russia. It is Elisa (Sally Hawkins), a woman who is mute, who becomes taken with the creature (Doug Jones) at the facility where she is a janitor, because it makes her feel seen for more than her disability. So she recruits her black co-worker (Octavia Spencer) and closeted neighbor (Richard Jenkins) in her quest to free it from the clutches of the high-and-mighty Strickland (Michael Shannon).That's a little bit of the in-between-the-lines plot summary, but it shows the way the story blends traditional elements with contemporary consciousness. Each actor is perfectly cast in his or her part (many of the roles were written for the actors), with Hawkins and Jenkins the highlights. Hawkins doesn't even get to use her voice, but she channels so much through her hands and face. Jenkins is most of the comic relief, though certainly Spencer provides a major dose as we've come to expect of her based on "The Help" and "Hidden Figures."Some of the talents fill traditional Hollywood roles in a largely predictable story, but no knocks can be made against "The Shape of Water" in terms of artistry. "Pan's Labyrinth" won three Oscars 11 years ago in the categories of cinematography, production design and makeup and this film will earn similar honors. More than even the details, however, is the powerfully cohesive vision behind the entire film. Everything from the vibrant '60s shapes and colors of the production design and costumes, to del Toro's and D.P. Dan Laustsen's elegant camerawork and lighting to Alexandre Desplat's score create the magical world of the film and contribute to its transporting experience.The many subplots (especially those of Strickland and Michael Stuhlbarg's Dr. Hofstetler) and themes of "The Shape of Water" don't feel as interconnected or as convincing as they aught to be for a film operating so fluidly on so many levels, but it's a small knock against the screenplay in a film that is quite simply beautiful inside and out. In its simplicity, strong cast and many marvelous technical elements, del Toro offers audiences a variety of ways in which they can latch onto the romantic spirit of "The Shape of Water" and get lost in one of the year's few films yearning to bring a little bit of older movie magic back into theaters. ~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more

At first glance, the pace of the film seems to move far too quickly. Within the first fifteen minutes, we meet the main characters, the main setting of the movie, the tantalizing merman himself, and start to see the plot developing already. It turns out, rather than being rushed, the film soars through these parts so quickly because it still has so much more to say and show.First off, the film's visual effects, setting, and overall world-building for a sense of Cold War era like technology and culture are very comprehensively developed. From the cars we see, to the casual smoking, to plenty of chauvinism, sexism, racism, fear of the Russians, and pious male self-righteousness, everything fits the time period like a glove. At many points the historical accuracy serves as a stark reminder of the many ways our society was once much more openly bigoted and imposing. My only issue with the visuals would be the merman himself. Seeing him for the first time on screen is jarring, in how low-budget his appearance seems. The merman himself looks like a costume from a movie made in the 60s, very easily a person in a suit rather than an other-worldy creature. With time, the merman's various movements and actions dispel this disbelief, and the immersion of the film comes in to compensate.Most importantly, the story and its execution are absolutely riveting. The phenomenal acting done by the cast, the pacing of the film, the shots, and the musical scores combine in such a way to evoke exactly what the film wants you to be feeling, even if you're aware of the fact. You cringe viscerally when you see characters act villanously. You shout with anger and disbelief at other moments. You feel uncomfortable and weird at other parts. You're tense with suspense and fear and trepidation as the drama develops. The film had me literally on the edge of my seat, almost too much to handle. Some of the best moments of the film get drawn on, seemingly deliberately, before giving the audience a sense of satisfying resolution, hinting at both the film's effect on the audience and how easily the plot could have taken another turn.Overall, I would highly recommend The Shape of Water for its story, its cinematography (and acting), and for the experience.

This movie could have been called "The Mute and the Monster", but that would not even begin to scratch the surface of what it's about. What do pie, Norman Vincent Peale, and the National Defense Service Medal have to do with each other? Nothing, that's what, but if you're observant - and not everyone will be able to be - you might notice the significance of each of those things in this movie. I'm not really sure I "liked" this movie, but I can see - I think - it's meaning. The acting is phenomenal. The story line is indescribable. It's a tour de force.of movie making.

For once we are presented with a fabulous original fairy tale that is suited not only for children, but for adults too, and it is in this kind of stories that Guillermo del Toro is a master of the universe, without any doubt.The story is set in the 50s in a secret facility where the government makes experiments and also pursues some investigations. We are presented with the main character, Elisa; a mute woman who works as a cleaner and who one day, while cleaning a room with her colleague and friend, meets a creature that will change her life forever. Yes, it sounds like the typical fairy tale, and this is indeed a fairy tale, but as always, what is important is the way it is told because that it what makes a difference and this one, this movie, it told in the most pure and fantastic of ways.We are used to the magnificent visuals that Mr del Toro always provides, and in this one he doesn't let us down. The visuals are simply fabulous: from how the creature is made, to the contrast of colours through the whole movie. While blue is the dominant color of the movie (water is blue, don't forget), there are some brownish and reddish tonalities that simply complete the colour palette. Then, we have a delightful music that transports you to the water. Tt really feels like you are swimming there with the main characters, which is important, as when we are under water we tend to hear less that when we are on the surface, so here the music creates a surrounding atmosphere that isolates us from the rest. We don't care anymore about anything else.But what would this movie be without its main actress? Sally Hawkins has a hard job, as she cannot use her voice to express what her character is feeling, but she has to do it all visually for the audience to comprehend. Needless to say, she is terrific in this role, she is the one that had to play this part, the best choice. Her work is even more highlighted with the help of the brilliant supporting actors that are Octavia Spencer, playing her colleague and friend, and giving some funny moments to us, and Michael Shannon playing the villain, which it always suits him and he never disappoints.This is one of the best original movies of the last years, which have been filled with sequels, prequels, reboots, remakes, etc. It is a breath of fresh air for someone who is a bit tired of all this lack of imagination that is happening lately in Hollywood. A movie for everyone to enjoy and believe again in fairy tales, or to start believing if you didn't before.

Never really been a watcher of Guillermo del Toro movies, yet being a lover and liking movies that blend sci-fi and pay homage to classic monsters, I for sure had to check out this latest epic called "The Shape of Water". And this movie is a touching and moving film that's a blend of drama, romance, and adventure fantasy.Set in the late 1950's early 1960's in Baltimore at a top notch government research lab this movie becomes a journey of escape and a journey of connection for two people who couldn't be more different. Sally Hawkins is Elisa a lonely and mute janitor who's only friends are her co worker Zelda(in a blunt and brash performance from Octavia Spencer)and her neighbor Giles(a wonderful Richard Jenkins). Plus Elisa puts up with verbal and mental abuse from her cold and mean boss Richard(the in groove Michael Shannon). However being alert and noticing things behind the scenes with eyes and ears pays off for Elisa.Elisa slowly but surely begins a relationship of love and intimacy with a strange and mysterious sea like creature(something similar to the "Creature from the Black Lagoon"). And aside from this the film becomes a drama of twists and turns a need for escape and survival and you ask questions who can and who do you trust?Overall this movie is a great escape of connection and a journey to love and belonging proving that happiness is possible for lonely and different types of people. "The Shape of Water" is clearly one journey that's sentimental, emotional, and heart touching as the film will leave you touched and moved with love and wanting peace for all.

I watched this film, and it felt like a story or prequel to Bioshock, perhaps a story that occurred as part of that universe, or some absolute connection that had the feel of that place. It was a love story, but also a story of betrayal, and loss, but also one of salvation. The setting, the long tunnel, presented many stories, each one potentially in its own room. Our room was a humanoid, captured, and lost, who a found love and freedom. It was all Bioshock.

I gotta be honest, when i found the plot of this movie i was really skeptical, i had no idea of how Del Toro would tell this story and i really thought that this wouldn't be a great movie, beacuse the story seemed a little weird. 
But thank god i was wrong. "The Shape of Water" is a beautiful and uncommon love story of a mute woman and a amphibian creature that have to fight to stay together. 
No doubt one of the best movies of 2017 and one to watch at this award season. Guillermo was able to creat a gorgeous movie with a unique love story, that will be certainly a classic, no doubt is magum opus.

"The Shape of Water" is an artistic giant. Best movie of the decade...it's that good. From its opening images to its last frame del Toro weaves a multi-dimensional feast for the eyes, ears, heart and mind. A magical love story that plays your heart-strings with the kind of creativity a fantastic dream might unfold without the constraints of plausible segues or limits from physical reality. Yet, del Toro weaves such multidimensional elements delightfully and seamlessly. Images and music present implausible suggestions that brighten heart-mind connections like a drug that just kicked in. After feeling joyfully uplifted in one piece of amazing synthesis next you find yourself writhing in horror from human cruelty, until the next surprising turn. "The Shape of Water" will be a timeless classic and winner of many awards. People will see this movie multiple times and feel delighted, horrified, and amazed each time.

I guess Del Toro thought if he threw, masturbation, sex and racism in one picture, it would be a hit! Wrong! Don't waste your time on this overhyped garbage. I would say I'm disappointed it won an Oscar for best picture but then again Three Six Mafia has an Oscar, so there you go...

While the acting was great, the story was a wash. Its a love story at best, because it's not sci-fi or drama. At jo point did I not want to pick up my tablet. Maybe there some type of artistry to this, and other than the sets crew that followed the "vision", this isn't art worthy to me.

If you like fairytales this is definetely your movie. It tells you the love story between a mute woman and a "fishman". What I loved the most about the film was the soundtrack, it makes you feel like if you were under water all the time. If you are an artistic person you will love it.

Another Guillermo del Toro masterpiece - story, screenplay (with Vanessa Taylor) and directed by - (Pan's Labyrinth, Pacific Rim, The Hobbit, Hellboy, Cronos, etc) deserves the Oscar he won for this fine and daring film. How this man is able to take imagination and make it so plausible is a gift - and one we can only hop he continues to share. THE SHAPE OF WATER, an otherworldly fable set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962 opens windows on racial prejudice as played in that period, the constant threat or thought that everything evil must originate in Russia, the demeaning role of women, people with special disabilities and how they cope with them, and the cruelty of secret service police, tec. In the hidden high-security government laboratory where she works, lonely mute Elisa (Sally Hawkins) is trapped in a life of isolation, living with the artist Giles (Richard Jenkins). Elisa's life is changed forever when she and co-worker Zelda (Octavia Spencer) discover a secret classified experiment - an 'alien' amphibian man (Doug Jones) whose ability to be both water born and land born introduces fears of higher intelligence that must be a Russian plot. The cruel officer Michael Shannon Shannon), is assigned to destroy amphibian just as Dr. Robert Hofstetter (Michael Stuhlberg) is determined to protect him from the Russian underground. In the scurry of the secrecy Elisa befriends Amphibian Man and a curious and tender relationship is created between a mute woman and a creature unable to speak. Odd references to old movies as shared by Giles and Elisa grow into a dramatic ending. Sally Hawkins is extraordinary as is the entire cast. Alexandre Desplat's musical score

The Shape of Water is Guillermo Del Toro's newest films, featuring amazing performances and stunning visuals. In comparison to many of Del Toro's other films there is a clear likeness in tone and visuals. However, in terms of depth in the narrative I would argue that The shape of Water exceeds many of Del Toro's other films by a long ways. At first glance, The Shape of Water is certainly a great romance but I thought that Del Toro certainly manages to weave in a very interesting theme of emptiness and the need to fill the void with some form of comfort or object of desire and affection. I really enjoyed the way this was portrayed throughout the film almost physically symbolized by the presences of the Amphibian man. What I mean is the way in which the film portrays this gang of 'misfits' or somewhat outcasts of society and closely examines their characters, their flaws and the way in which they are seemingly filled by the creature. The two most obvious examples being Sally Hawkins' Elisa who is mute and falls in love with the creature due to the fact that she felt that the creature can see through her largest flaw: her disability. Whereas, Richard Jenkins' Giles also an outcast, an out of fashion artist in his old age who is lonely finds some sort of rejuvenation in the creature. But, what is even more great is the fact that this theme is weaved into not only these characters but many others, Octavia Spencer's Zelda as an African American women facing racial prejudice and arguably most interestingly Michael Shannon's Richard Strickland and his relationship with the creature. I found that it was most fascinating to see that a character as such, living by the standards of the 'American life' with literal white picket fences, a loving wife and children having a very interesting rivalry with the creature. Somehow, their conflict stems from the fact that Richard some sort of superiority complex and the way in which the creature ties into his narrative as a sense of motivation almost fills his own lack of purpose in his suburban, stable lifestyle. All of this was done magnificently with brilliant acting across the board along with tje aforementioned stunning visuals and a musical score that went so perfectly with the beautiful story that was unfolding.

This fantastic love story is very timely. It includes themes that we can all relate to for modern times. Themes like love, acceptance, understanding, hope, and communication. The visuals, story, musical score, soundtrack and the performances are so good!!

This fantasy drama tale by the always inventive Guillermo del Toro is an absolute joy to experience. The performances, screenplay, direction, cinematography and production design are all, simply, phenomenal. It also boasts a beautifully transportive original score composed by Alexandre Desplat that perfectly captures the magic and spirit of this beautiful story. One needn't look too hard to see that this was Del Toro's passion project; and it shows in every frame. Experience this in a theatre and let it carry you away into its fascinating world for 2 hours. If you truly give yourself to it, you may just find yourself sitting there, smiling with that rare feeling of warmth a movie can elicit. This film is the shape of dreams...

This is about a deaf mute cleaning lady learning to communicate in secret with gentle giant of a creature being experimented on and tortured by a US government agency. She pities the way he is treated and that leads to displays of kindness and affection that are returned by the monster.It is a lavish production with a few twists and turns along the way; it is suitable for all. I think it will become a classic before long.A wonderful bonus was the way the two leading ladies played off of each other.Truly a delightful film.At my screening there was a very memorable Q&A with the director that I would like to share.There were some rather technical questions about Japanese influences in his film (I will look for when I see it again). The amount of time and effort to make a real (man in a suit) rather than CGI monster and that he financed it out of pocket for more than a year before he got financing from Fox. A question about his colour pallet, and a comparison of his film with Beauty in the Beast from a little girl in the audience who spoke in Spanish.He used this question as a springboard to talk about a few topics that were on his mind. You might know the director is from Mexico and now lives in Toronto. He went on to say that many of the problems in the United States are not the fault of Mexico. Also, that the reason that there is so much conflict in the United States is because it is intentionally being done by the government. It is pulling people apart and making them fight each other, because, it doesn't want people uniting together to go after the real problem, the 1%.He said this to great applause. I hope that he has an opportunity to speak to many people about his view of America.This film BTW was filmed in Toronto and premiered in the theatre that was used for many of the scenes.

Just a bad and disgusting Movie .
Bad Story , Boring as hell .
The dumbest that i ever heard , a Women falling in Love with a Fish hahahah.
Damn thats Stupid

Will never watch a movie again jusr for winning many trophies cuz this movie turned to be boring and killed my expectations.

I fail to understand what all the accolades were about it earlier when it
was suggested it was Oscar material.
I had seen Pan's Labyrinth and thought it might be similar, but 
immediately realized there was none in this mess which had attracted me in 
earlier in PL.
I watched the special features and wondered what they were talking about
in praising the unique sets. It was drab, dark and disappointing.
The creature reminded me somewhat of the Creature of the Black Lagoon

Only Guillermo Del Toro could pitch, "It's a monster romance picture that feels like Free Willy meets Amelie in the Cold War era." But you know what? It works...mostly. (You know, other than the central romantic relationship.) Regardless, it is absolutely beautiful and enchanting. There were points where I felt like this story tried a wee bit too hard, but it never strayed far from what it was. It was an un-apologetically monster fairy tale. If you want it to be something else, you will be disappointed. If you let it be what it is, you will enjoy every minute.

Well, let's lay out the ingredients:
Downtrodden & innocent women being subjected to sexism.
Mean ole' man w/ ax to grind. 
Freaky creature misunderstood & treated w/ prejudice.
Homo-sexual man who's part of the hero-element. 
That sounds like the makings of another PC Hollywood flick. YAHOO!

This movie won academy awards!?! This proves Hollywood love to live in La-La Land, don't like keeping it real these days and times at all?? Lady having sex, falling in love with the creature from the black lagoon???? I know Hollywood is make believe, but DAMN! ...KIDDIE CITY! ...Peace.

I watched one year ago and nothing especial in this movie , trust me ,dont waste your time on this movie

So much hype, it won best picture and director, and musical score. But, watching this left me asking WTF?? Excellent musical score. Despalt may be the next John Wiliams! Beyond the score, this movie is certainly not the stuff of legend. Yes it had an ok story, good acting(lead actress), but besides, that, this is just a garden variety love story.

This was not at all what I thought it was going to be but I watched it all regardless. Very strange but actually not a bad film really.

Frankly, it's nothing else but a perverted, perplexing, and stomach-turning attempt to romanticize and justify bestiality. It's honestly the worst piece of crap that I've seen in a decade. Really. But yeah, if you're into movies without logic, story, heart... then by all means, have at it!Let's just hope that either your frail sanity or someone with taste in movies stops you before the intro to this p crapfest ends.

Guillermo is a brilliant director. Such detail. Story was beautiful. It caught me by surprise a few times. Absolutely loved it.

So, Del Toro did it again! (oops)
Always with the monsters storys, the dark face of "the society", the hate and violence of the military, the fear to the rare ones, the diffferent ones, the bullying of the strongest against the weakers, and of course, the dosis of fear to the foreing nation, Russia... I found this film beautiful in so many ways, the photography direction, the art direction, the interpretation of every body (except for the monster). The screenplay were perfect, with every twist where it needs to be, with the just amount of mawkish, of adventure, of risk... Simply, a poem!

Oscar Nominations:
So what is 'The Shape of Water'? I suppose that question might have two different meanings, so lets start with the simplest question 'how do you describe the form that real, liquid, water takes? Seems like an easy question until you try to answer it. 'Like a liquid', doesn't really cut it, and something like 'a blob, or pool, of liquid' ends up being circular. Ultimately, to answer that question, one has to end up saying something like 'it takes the form of whatever container it is in'. And that may be about as good an answer as it gets. Interestingly, the answer seems to work in response to the same question about the movie 'The Shape of Water' - it will likely take on the form that each viewer wants to see in it. The movie has a moving, shifting, and yes, fluid, nature to it that defies easy categories. If, like me, you find it convenient to peg movies with genre labels to help understand what emotions and thoughts it will likely inspire, the exercise with this movie will be a little frustrating.The Internet Movie Database (IMDb), puts it in boxes labeled Adventure, Drama, and Fantasy. And I suppose it has elements of those. There is a plot-line involving Russian spies, and a scheme to steal an important 'asset'. And the 'asset' in question isn't exactly human, at least from outward appearances and so represents a fantastical creature of the imagination. Certainly, some of its deepest moments reflect heartfelt emotion tinged with tragedy.But the movie could just as easily be called a work of science fiction, because of its setting (a 1960s research lab) and similarities to other science fiction classics (like Creature from the Black Lagoon). There are moments that provoke laughter as you see buffoonish characters, bumbling their way through a scenario that almost evokes scenes from the Three Stooges, or the Carol Burnett show. At times it could certainly be considered a 'thriller'. And, as the trailers convey, it is also a romance, even with requisite, and non-gratuitous, sex scenes.In short, this movie defies description and that is, I think, part of its intriguing charm. This movie, like water, takes the shape of the container that you put it in. The fact that it succeeds so well, regardless of how you look at it, is a testament to the high quality of the film. It meets or exceeds expectations.And the expectations were high. The Shape of Water was the Oscar darling this year, receiving the most nominations (13), and winning the most awards (4), including Best Picture of the year. It received nominations above and below-the-line, reflecting the fact that it was a balanced movie with quality attention lavished in nearly all aspects of the movie craft. The Shape of Water is the brain-child of Guillermo del Toro, who wrote, directed, and produced the movie. He was nominated for the original screenplay and won the Oscar for directing it. This is not his first trip into Oscar-country - he was nominated in 2006 for both writing and directing Pan's Labyrinth, a movie that shares a lot of traits with this one, including a fantastical creature, and relationships that can only be characterized as surreal. The earlier movie might be considered practice for this one, which achieves a level of surrealism that seems even more plausible. Del Toro has displayed his science fiction and fantasy roots in writing and directing the Hellboy series and the first two Pacific Rim movies (not counting the most recent one, released earlier this year.). And he showed how easily he can coax human sentiments out of non-human characters in his fabulous Hobbit movies. In a real sense, Shape of Water might be considered as the highest expression of his art form.The vision of the writer and director is important, but without great actors, the message doesn't get delivered. Casting Sally Hawkins in the leading role, as a mute and very sensitive janitor, Elisa Esposito, was a stroke of genius. She was nominated for leading actress - but lost to Frances McDormand in Three Billboards - and was previously nominated for her supporting role in Blue Jasmine (with Cate Blanchett). Although she normally plays supporting roles, her facial expressions and body movements, in this movie, convey her strong acting abilities even though she has no real dialogue throughout the entire film.As noted before, with the Three Billboards movie, it helps when the entire acting ensemble is of high quality since the acting gets reinforced as each actor plays off the others. Hawkins is lucky to work with several exceptional supporting actors, two of them also receiving Oscar nominations. Richard Jenkins, who plays her next door neighbor, Giles, and the sympathetic narrator of the movie, received a leading actor nomination for the Visitor several years ago. And Octavia Spencer, was previously nominated for her supporting role in Hidden Figures, and won the Supporting Actress Oscar for her role in The Help, plays Elisa's co-worker at the research laboratory. She is a perfect verbal counterweight for Elisa's silent machinations.Not nominated, but playing critically important roles, are Michael Shannon as the government- spy-bureaucrat-villain, and Doug Jones, who plays the all important creature (and also never speaks!). The combination of these actors creates a fluid ensemble that flows together perfectly.A great movie, though, isn't just above-the-line. del Toro was able to bring together a team of craftspeople of exceptional talent. The movie won nominations for cinematography, film editing, costumes, and production design, winning the Oscar in the last category. The design does a terrific job of evoking a 1960s science fiction setting, in combination with a feel from an early James Bond movie (think Thunderball). The camera work makes use of lots of contrasting lights and darks with light sources reflected off of metal surfaces. And the creature's costume is a perfect job of suggesting creepiness and beauty at the same time, part of successfully suggesting multiple emotions. (Apparently it took Doug Jones three hours to get into costume every day!).Shape of Water also received nominations for sound editing, sound mixing, and original score. Because so much of the movie revolves in and around water, there were special challenges in rendering sounds that reflected that environment. And although I hate to say it, the music from Alexander Desplat is so 'liquid' in nature that he certainly evokes the spirit of the movie, and deserves the Oscar for original score - his second Oscar and ninth nomination.
The Shape of Water is a very big movie in a tight, compact package. Although I haven't seen all of the Best Picture nominated movies yet, this one clearly deserves the Oscar so far. It will puzzle you, confound you, and astound you, all at the same time. It takes the shape of whatever container you want to put it in, and leaves you better off than you were before.

If a movie awakens your romantic part that you had forgotten it was there, then the movie is considered a masterpiece. Fantastic acting, great and realistic dialogues and scenes for the setting.
Most of all though, the movie refers to smart audiences. My jaw had dropped in the end and I was staring with awe, while the credits of this masterpiece were showing up.
Some people got upset with a scene on the beginning, while others understood the purpose of it. It's that kind of movies that I love to watch.

Del Toro finally comes of age. From the opening scene he creates a beautiful, heartfelt adult fantasy that takes you on a well-paced scenic and intelligent journey.

Guillermo del Toro is a master at the fantasy-romance genre and this one fits right in, despite the fact that it's put in an almost obsessively realistic 1960's period setting. In fact, it's halfway like a fairy tale (think: the Frog Prince). It's impeccably crafted and impeccably acted by a cast that's first rate from top to bottom. Sally Hawkins as the lead actress, the mute Elisa who works as a janitor in the secret research facility, is excellent but I think it's not fair to single her out at the expense of the others: Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins, Michael Shannon, and of course Doug Jones as the "creature" all get lots of screen time and are all totally convincing. Another feature of the progress of the story that I liked was that the Amphibian Man -- which (check it out) is practically a double for the Creature From the Black Lagoon -- is revealed in his full form almost right from the start. The point, clearly, is not to score cheap horror points off his appearance, but to move right on to Elisa's unexplained fascination with him and their growing relationship.The fairy-tale ending is both satisfying and yet oddly tragic. The main thing that keeps me from rating this unique film higher is, in a way, its greatest strength: It's pure, self contained storytelling with no links (or at least none that seem intentional) to anything outside itself. It's an absorbing world while we're in it, though.

I'd probably have given the Oscar to Billbosrds, but not much in it. I love the art direction here, some comic style qualities. Lots going on in the story , quite gripping but with such charm.

I watched it last out of all Oscar nominees, and boy was that a good choice...
The Billboards are ok, Darkest hour, awesome guy, movie not so much, but this, it left me with a wonderful taste of love for movies, for music, for dancing, for life...
The only thing that wasn't perfect for me was the villain and even that was amazing, it's just that everything was on a another level in this film and Michael Shannon just couldn't bring it home for me...only because a movie of this quality needed a Heath Ledgers Joker level of acting to be in line with everything else.

This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen. At least top ten. The movie just follows a mute female orphan, a black, a gay socialist, and a fish (trans?). The orphan bangs the fish and they escape the "evil" people. This movie just won because it was SJW filled. In terms of content and enjoyment, save your money, don't watch the vomit inducing, awful movie.

Hollywood clearly had one of those hysterical mob love-ins with this film and forgot that it's actually a really tedious watch. The characters are one-dimensional (disabled or marginalised people are GOOD, other people are BAD); the tone is moralising, and the story itself is too absurd to be genuinely engaging. I was thoroughly disappointed.

Best movie I've ever seen whole my life, well done Del Toro ...

I never review films but this was outstanding! Wasn't sure if I would enjoy this as not really my genre, but it was a beautiful story, beautifully done. Would urge anyone to watch it.

This film is quite special for me. It's the first film (aside from standard Marvel/Star Wars etc. films) that I've actually been excited for, and anxiously awaiting it's release. Since it came out in America first, I also heard how good many people thought it was.Now, I haven't watched nearly as much of Guillermo Del Toro's work as I would have liked, and that's something i'm working to change, but I've enjoyed everything I've seen that he was linked to. This is the first of his works that I've seen in the cinema, and at this rate, he may end up as one of my favourite directors. Everything he does has tremendous style, whether it's a surreal 1960s romance featuring a fish man, or monoliths of metal and monsters clashing. Of course, The Shape of Water looks gorgeous despite it's relatively small budget of 19 million dollars. Despite how much I enjoyed Black Panther, TSoW had a budget 1/10th of the size and in my opinion, looked better. The creature effects were brilliant, and Del Toro captured the feel of the setting wonderfully. The music was quite gorgeous, and fit the setting remarkably. The soundtrack sounds like songs you might have heard at the time. It also captures much of the morbid whimsy the film holds throughout.Speaking of morbidity, I was surprised by the violence throughout the film. Despite my excitement for it's release, I'd never actually noted it's rating. I'd assumed it to be a PG-13 or something of the sort, but it holds (and earns) a hard R rating. The gore was almost distractingly good, and depending on the scene somebody watches, they could be forgiven for thinking they were watching a horror film.Surprisingly, I enjoyed every performance in the film. Sally Hawkins made good on a tremendous task; her character Elisa is mute throughout the film, and as a result, all of ehr acting must be done through body language and facial expression. This fact, coupled with the older setting, often reminded me of the classic silent films. Octavia Spencer also does wonderfully, and the duo have great chemistry despite the lack of words between the pair. Richard Jenkins also brought some much needed levity to many situations, while Michael Shannon gave our antagonist legitimate vulnerability, keeping him from remaining a simple, bland villain.Every character is interesting in their own way, and it's quite interesting seeing how this group of outcasts interacts with one another all throughout. There is a mute woman, a black lady, a gay gentleman, a Russian spy and a literal fishman, yet they all feel more human than our villain, despite how the world of the film may portray them.The plot, for the most part, is rather odd though I imagine this was intentional. The whole film feels rather akin to a fairytale, albeit a far more mature one with nudity and blood. Many times throughout the film, I felt extremely uncomfortable, though I feel this was the intended reaction; it really added to the scene, and the film overall. Even though I could tell the vague direction of the plot from the trailer alone, I wasn't at all disappointed after watching the film. The journey to the destination was far more important in this instance. I imagine you could even watch this film chopped up and reassembled in the wrong order; it looks simply gorgeous.Though, of course, I may be biased due to how excited I was for this film, I struggle to find many flaws with it. It just seems to have clicked with me, and at the risk of rating two films extremely highly right next to each other, I shall give this film a 9.5/10, especially due to it's budget. I don't give it a 10 simply due to a few moments which didn't land for me, personally.

After his, in my opinion very good, horror "Crimson Peak", Guillermo Del Toro returns completely changing genre going to the romantic with fantasy background.
Certainly it changes genre but not style and in fact from the first shots you immediately recognize the unmistakable artistic and stylistic approach of the famous Mexican director. A coherent, fascinating and always disturbing, in some respects, style.
In this case, however, he exceeds himself and creates a visually monumental and cinematographically sublime work. The film is simply a real beauty for the eyes, for the soul and for the heart.
All this thanks to the extraordinary images that Dan Laustsen's cinematography (Crimson Peak, John Wick 2) exalts and decorates with surreal colors tending to aquamarine (not by chance color that recalls the main element of the film) and a sweet lighting, a truly wonderful cinematography; and that the intimate and meticulous direction of Del Toro manages to frame with precision, passion and a lot of personality.
A director who proves to be quite explicit in several scenes, it comes to say almost brave, in fact in some scenes Guillermo Del Toro is not afraid to frame bodies, however pure, naked; this would seem to go against the extreme delicacy and incredible romanticism with which the whole film is characterized, but this is perfectly inserted in the aforementioned context, thus succeeding in showing, as it should be, this wonderful love in the best of the its Shape.
The wonderful images are transformed into exciting sequences and linked to each other through a dynamic and intelligent editing that uses small escamotage (like two drops of water on a window) to surprise the viewer already completely immersed in the film.
Thanks to the great skill of Del Toro you can not not be immersed in this beautiful story (similar to that of "Beauty and the Beast") and not even be overwhelmed by this love; had been made by someone else probably the effect would have been contrary, namely disgust and misunderstanding but in this case instead of doing this, instead of discriminating this love, you can not but desire it. 
Thanks mainly, not only to the director, but also to the indisputable skill of Sally Hawkins, first of all, of Octavia Spencer, perfect for the role entrusted to her, and of Richard Jenkins (all three nominated for an Oscar); fundamental was also the interpretation of Doug Jones who managed to make the "amphibious man" credible and appreciable.
Also helped by a good makeup despite some scenes in which the presence of a costumes is perceptible.
The soundtrack is also beautiful.
Less good is the screenplay (also nominated by the Academy Awards) that, despite its objective quality, can not give to the public unforgettable dialogues as, instead, it is all the rest.

A film that goes from the playful French play "the fabulous destiny of Amélie Poulain" to the Japanese trash "Guinea Ping". A film of immersion and construction of impeccable characters. Guilherme Del Toro builds a plot with several narrative mirrors to the "labyrinth of the faun", a fairy tale that blends the brutality of human nature, a conjecture about love. hatred, depression and self-assertion. The screenplay for "La forma da Agua" tells us a bizarre, gothic love story that brings with it a series of characteristics, which are supported by its many and fabulous characters, which for me is the high point of script, the construction of characters, we have a character in search of love and its counterpoint, the one that is already sick of love, we have characters in search of self discovery, and in contrast, a character who has already discovered himself, and why , must be self-affirming. That is, the romance between a woman and a sea creature is only an excuse to explore and unite the most diverse human feelings and anguishes, and even this novel being diminished in my text in the film, it is absurdly explored, from this solitude and abstinence lived by the character of Sally Hawkins that ends up triggering in her a curiosity to the new, and even the fact that it is mute, this creates a bond with the creature, and leaves the scenes very the most beautiful because we have only the visual resource to contemplate the passion of the two, passion that transcends morality or language, is only one character completing the emptiness of the other and communicating through the universal language of love, Romantic too? may be, because the whole movie behaves like a French novel of the 90s, with some small shocks of reality, we can not fail to mention how much the dialogues are sharp and very clever. The moral of the film is really talking about the peculiarities of its characters, that although the world was in the 60s, the most primitive human feelings still stood out, and people, even the "Villains" had their dramas, because the Michael Shannon's character is completely broken, he's a villain who needs to stay down every second self-asserting, that leaves him completely meticulous and scary, yet human. Technically the film is impeccable, with a palette of greenish colors, an edition that cadenza well the rhythm of the film, great edition and sound mixing, besides an enviable production design and impeccable costumes and a soundtrack that strolls through songs of the years 40,50,60 always in a light way that combines a lot with the film and makes the viewer fall in love with Del Toro's feature film. Guilherme Del Toro, alias, who can win his first Oscar, the fabulous director directs a film almost completely perfect, showing that "The Labyrinth of Fauno" was not only luck but the competence of the Mexican director, who enchants with his monsters, script and technique, although I think that "Labyrinth Do Fauno" is still his masterpiece, but "The form of Aguá" is the film that will open the director's quality to the world. All the actors in the film are spectacularly great, Sally Hawkins, Octavia Spencer and Richard Jenkins make a perfect trio of performances, and all of them were very well rewarded for their great performances, but I wanted to mention also Michael Shannon, who even a little forgotten in awards, looks great in his role, the actor has a magnificent screen presence. The film only ends in its act of completion, the film ends at the wrong time, and we do not have the dualism between real and ludic that I expected, in addition to the film little explore the drama of Michael Stuhlbarg, finally, "The form of Water" is one of the great films of 2018, is a work indispensable to the lovers of cinema.

Their is one scene I think was a little weird but other than that a surprising movie that grabs you and touches you more than you might expect going into it. Very original although I know about the tendency to compare it to beauty and beast but I still think this is an original.

A classic love story with a reptilian twist, Guillermo del Toro's latest love letter to cinema, The Shape of Water, is a marvel to behold. Set against the backdrop of 1960's America and the accompanying Cold War paranoia, each frame of the film feels meticulously crafted. Marked by dark shadows and moody lighting, the film has a distinct noir feel. Yet punctuating the aesthetic gloom is a story brimming with light and indefatigable charm. It's del Toro's most sophisticated work to date, a master-class in mood setting and emotionally affecting filmmaking, even if it feels a little too self-satisfied at times.The story follows Eliza (Sally Hawkins), a mute janitor who feels "incomplete". She lives in a quaint apartment atop of a movie theatre and spends her days as a cleaner in a top-secret government facility. There she falls in love with an amphibious fish-like being (Doug Jones) who is imprisoned by the government and subject to cruel studies and experiments. Taken aback by the way the creature sees her for what she is, not what she isn't, she falls in love and conspires with her co-worker (Octavia Spencer) and neighbour (Richard Jenkins) to break the creature out.Once the love story takes shape, it doesn't deviate from the expected. Del Toro seems less interested in developing a complex narrative but rather providing depth through the film's mise-en-scene. While, at times, this makes the story feel a little stagnant and complacent, del Toro is nothing if not a distinct visual stylist. Set in 1962 Baltimore, the quintessential Americana setting is juxtaposed with French styled influences. The film's whimsical elements feel like del Toro channelling the work of Jean-Pierre Jeunet, with the music, quirky characters, quaint sets and surreal slant all trademarks of Jeunet's work. The film is a celebration of cinema just as much as it is about the power of imagination. It's a joy to behold and a latter half homage to Fred Astaire, by way of standout musical number, is one of the many inspired choices throughout the film.What allows the narrative to flourish, however, is Sally Hawkins' emotionally charged performance. She is able to communicate a wealth of emotion without uttering a single word. Her delicate and understated performance anchors the fanciful story and provides nuance to the central romance between Eliza and the creature. The companionship they share is one of deep humanity and, in a world too quick to judge, Hawkins' layered performance ensures their relationship never feels unbelievable. The Shape of Water is ultimately a story about the importance of communication and understanding at a time when otherness was seen as threatening and unwelcome. The parallels to the present day are not hard to draw and while the story plays it a little safe, del Toro paints it with a tenderness few artists achieve. The purity of vision on display is the work of master auteur and something seen far too rare these days. The Shape of Water is a classic love story, told with modern relevance and truly a tale for our troubled times.

Let's face it one of the most artistic, visual, imaginative Directors alive and working today in Hollywood is Guillermo Del Toro.A CV with Pan's Labyrinth, Crimson Peak, Hellboy and Pacific Rim is definitely going to get your attention and defiantly make you wonder what a director/writer like that is going to concoct next.... well look no further for The Shape Of Water has arrived.The story set in the 60s follows a lonely mute Elisa (Sally Hawkins) who whilst working as a cleaner at secret government Area 51 style facility comes starts to slowly form a bond with a underwater creature that has just arrived to be experimented on under the watchful eye of violent, paranoid, unstable government agent Strickland (Micheal Shannon).The films spins a highly original fairytale yarn that pulls the audience on a journey of the years most unexpected love stories.The script negotiates multiple genres, moods and themes in order to carefully unfold the story through its generous two hour running time.Care and attention to details has been employed here to really justify any choice our characters make by giving all involved real features, flaws and frailties that isn't always the case in many films.The cast lead by Sally Hawkins are on top form clearly making the most of the script Shannon shines as the deeply troubled flawed government agent, Octavia Spencer hot of Hidden Figures performs charismatically as the best friend and Richard Jenkins lavishes his diverse character journey he goes on.Nicely and neatly shot but certainly not as trade mark stunning say as Crimson Peak the director navigates this film with the experienced skill that comes with his twenty plus years experience and shows us here that risks can certainly still be made. And worth the gamble.Whilst the film may not be for everyone, a highly engaging, entertaining and original modern day fairy tale love story like this should prove that originality like romance is not dead.

Honestly, this film is Del Toro's best piece. While the plot sounds completely absurd, Del Toro executes it perfectly to make a weird and quite frankly strange piece turn into an amazing romantic story. With the beautiful cinematography and magical 50's theme, The Shape of Water combines a variety of themes from love and acceptance to bravery and self worth. The soundtrack in this movie is phenomenal, and Del Toro's choice in old songs fit the movie so well in unexpected ways. The only thing that threw me off was the black and white dancing and singing between the amphibian man and Elisa. I still do not know what I feel about it. On one hand, it felt very out of place and different from the tone of the rest of the film, yet at the same time, the short scene added a sense of fantasy and romance into the film that made it so jarring but interesting to watch.Overall, I loved the movie and would highly recommend it.

The Shape of Water (2017) Guillermo del Toro is back. Whimsical love story between a mute and a god-like creature from South America. A film rich with meaning. Cold War, early 1960s. The choice for neither of the lovers to have to ability to speak was genius. They communicate in adorable sign language, gifts of eggs, a card that says "Glad to have you as my friend", and emotional connection. Is this not the purest form of love? Early on, Elisa signs "You. Me. Together", and it is devastating when she has to let him go, making him understand that it can no longer be that way, that it is now "You. Alone. Without me."The set, meticulously arranged. Besides the obvious theme of water, there is significant color symbolism. Teal is the color of the future. In general, other greens are as well (pies, car, lab, uniforms in lab, gelatine, the creature). Blue, cyans, greens, contribute to the feel of water and fantasy; almost a mystical world, Elisa's World. Everyone else's worlds (Giles, Zelda, Strickland) are Goldens, Ambers and warm colors (Air, Day). Red for Cinema, Life and Love. Extraordinary cinematography. Elisa and Giles live above a theater, exhibited gorgeously when she immerses herself with her lover underwater, flooding her apartment and dripping onto customers downstairs. What a beautiful underwater paradise. This is recreated in the final scene, as the two lovers escape in the canal, oh so in love, together forever. Each of the main characters are outcasts: Elisa the mute, her black spunky best friend Zelda, her older gay neighbor Giles, Doctor Hoffstetler (really a Soviet Spy named Demetri), insane villain Strickland who is so driven to perform he has little attachment to his family. It was quite the achievement in such an artsy piece to be able to make each of the characters relatable and lovable. More obviously Elisa, Giles, and the creature. But I also really felt for the undercover Soviet Spy, who actually double crosses both the Americans and Russians by playing a pivotal role in The Asset's escape and rescue. We see the lonely world he is forced to live in, paranoia and secrecy. One of the only things Elisa signs to him is that he is a good man. And he is. Pretty much the only flaws I saw in this film were in the characters of Strickland and Zelda. Both play stock characters, the over the top insane villain by Michael Shannon and the feisty, sharp black woman by Octavia Spencer, respectively. The first definitely seemed overdone and the latter was a little cliche for me, especially with the line, "What am I doing, interviewing the help?" (must be a reference to Spencer's 2011 Academy Award winning role). Unexpected laughs, mostly from my favorite character, Giles. "Cornflakes were invented to prevent masturbating." Giles goes to a bakery everyday to collect Key Lime Pie he hates because he likes the owner. He tries to force Elisa to eat it with him, but it gives her a deep green tongue. Another time is when Elisa continuously signs "Fuck You" to Strickland, clearly driven to near madness, demands Zelda to translate, who tells him she is saying "Thank You". In the final scene, as The Asset comes back to life after he shoots him several times, Strickland exclaims, "Fuck. You are a God!"Giles is an advertising artist and sketches gorgeous pictures of the creature. He watches black and white musicals, which leads to one of the best fantasy scenes in the film, Elisa and the creature are in black and white, Elisa magically has her voice, and the two of them dance and sing, with a band playing in the background. Old films are often playing at The Orpheus. An important one is "Ruth", which features the line most famously read during weddings, "Do not urge me to leave you or to return from following you. For where you go I will go, and where you lodge I will lodge. Your people shall be my people, and your God my God. Where you die I will die, and there will I be buried. May the Lord do so to me and more also if anything but death parts me from you." what could be more fitting for this life changing love affair? At first, I had mixed feelings on the ending. The more I thought about it, though, it was perfect, following the theme of an adult fairy tale. Once known only as The Asset to the Cold War powers, the creature is now everything to Elisa. He not only heals her, but transforms her childhood scars into gills, providing her the ability to be with him forever. That is what she wants most of all, after all. When Giles first meets The Asset, he is taken aback and his first words, quite plainly, are "He's so beautiful". He is surprised, and maybe we are a little as well. Like Elisa, these characters are not conventionally beautiful. I would say the same regarding "The Shape of Water". It is so unique, so weird, so whimsical. A sui generis. But somehow it works. And stunningly beautiful it is, emotionally and visually. #FilmReview

I never had the intentions of watching this film, but to my surprise I thoroughly enjoyed the film And it is a film worth watching. Without spoiling anything here is a film that gives you a realization of a world we live in. The one question that echoed through the film was "Who am I?" It is a story of love with a humanoid creature and a human being. They touch on subjects of mistreatment simply because someone or something is different. The film makes an emphasis on how it doesn't matter who we are on the inside or what we look like on the outside it's that your feelings are true to yourself. The character arc of the Amphibian Man is a seat clincher one moment you're scared he's going to bite and the next you're hoping he does bite. It is amazing how much can be said by a character who uses sign language to speak. It is an honest film that even if you aren't there for the the story it is a pleasure enjoying the music and the art that it is.

I knew I know the story when I saw first few seconds of the trailer and yet the cast did not seem familiar... I know del Toro will not disappoint, looking back on his previous work. If you would like to get a short summary of the movie, just look up The Space Between Us (2015), you will get the original story in just 12 minutes.

To be seen and desired for who we truly are; it is the passionate wish of many. For Elisa, an unassuming and kind-hearted maid in a 1960s era government lab, this wish is granted in an unusual way. Virtually invisible and isolated, yet content in her little bubble, Elisa is lured from this comfort zone as she witnesses the arrival of a strange, monstrous sea creature in the lab. Despite warnings to keep her distance, Elisa sympathizes with the suffering creature. It is in chains and tortured by Strickland, a sadistic and violent government agent. This wild creature is impulsive. It responds to aggression with the same, and to kindness with kindness. As the cruelty of Strickland escalates, Elisa decides she must act to save the creature. Friendly and opposing forces emerge from unlikely places to help or hinder her. Love and light hinge on the erratic hearts of monsters and humans alike.This thrilling, touching and surreal film explores the many forms and aspects of monsters. The worst monster of them all is the human heart, and yet it is also the most kind and beautiful. The film offers apt encouragement to speak up and act when others are in trouble and in pain. In this world of rising fascists who peddle hatred and opposition to science, art, sympathy and basically to all humanity, such encouragement is sorely needed.With expressive eyes and strong empathy, Sally Hawkins is amazing and mesmerizing in her portrayal of Elisa. Michael Shannon is perfectly cast as the crude, cruel, sarcastic and controlling Strickland. In Strickland's sinful, selfish and negative world, the monster is better off dead. The supporting cast is wonderful. The film is full of depth and splendor. The Southern United States is the setting, yet the film was shot in Toronto. The theater that appears prominently on screen is the very same theater (the Elgin) in which I saw the film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I went into the theater with high hopes and was not disappointed.

"The Shape of Water" is director Guillermo del Toro's finest film, a lovely, empathetic tribute to Old Hollywood, monster movies, outsiders and love that could only come from the mind of the visionary filmmaker and takes elements from "Beauty and the Beast". Del Toro creates a beautifully imagined world and characters, shot in blue and green hues, with touches of humour and social commentary. Sally Hawkins's performance is career-defining. With her eyes, mouth and physicality, she finds a level of emotional greatness. Her character Elisa may not speak, but you are never in doubt about what she is feeling. Like the water of its title, the film is deep, mysterious and beautiful. Definitely a must - see!

One of the best things for me about the fantasy genere is the romance aspect. Most of the best love stories come from this genere, I feel though it we have not just more creative freedom but the freedom to express what we geniuely feel. It's also expresses our deep seeded believe that someone somewhere is one for us and the struggle we go though to find and stay with them.Del Toro is one of my favorate movie directors and believe or not this is my favorate movie from him and one of my favorate films in general. This is another kind of film I can't help but feel was almost made for me as it has three of the things I love in most movies; monsters, fantasy, and romance. The premise isn't exactly anything new but it's really more in it's execution that makes it stand out.There are just so many great things from the cinematography and production value which is great. I really like how it recreated early 1960s era which was a time of chaos from bigotry and intolerance on all sides but also great change as minorities were struggling for equal rights. Music is just fantastic, the orchastratic score is just beautiful as it just perfectly captures what's happening but most importantly the feelings of both Eliza and the Creature and who they are as characters. However the best thing for me is the song "You Never Know" which is just wonderful and perfectly reflects the relationship.Characters are great from the supporting charcters; Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer are great as Eliza's friends, there is great back and forth between them but I like how well rounded both characters are as we get some depth on them to show the commonality all three have as each of them are struggling and dealing with intolerance on all fronts and forms.Michael Shannon is good as a villain you plain hate as he is a monster in the guise of authority. Theres an interesting character study about him is we get depth into his diseased psyche as he is literally a product of his time, a man living on fixed notions on what a person is supposed to be, which justifies why change or anything different that threats his infastruction shouldn't be aloud. But little does he know or a creeping awareness is he's just part of a dying breed because all those notions are bull crap, despite all the things he has in his life like the teal Cadalac, the whole American dream package he's never content because it's all materialistic there is nothing spiritually going on in his life which makes him spiritually empty.But of coruse what really makes this film are both Eliza and the Creature. Elsa and the Anphibian Creature are another one of my favorate fictional couples in my book up there with Misa and Hikaru in "Macross" and many others on my list, because like any romance story done right I actually care about both characters. The chemistry between both of them is just beautiful, I really was invested into their connection, despite their differences their feelings for each other are human.Sally Hawins is just great as Eliza, it's probably my favorate role from her. I'll level with you I actually have a crush on this actress believe or not. Sure she doesn't look like someone from the damn CW which makes it all the better. Personally I think she's beautiful inside and out, I really love here character and she's relatable as I'm not a person that talks much either. Despite a lonely soul, her mute condition and not living in the greatest circumstances she never lets it get her down, she's socialable, she has dreams, even like that she knows how to have fun as we see her display some dancing talent.The Anphibian Creature is great played of coruse by make up and costume actor Doug Jones. The design is great it's all practically there's no CGI bull crap, it really looks like something that could really exist. The creature is a fascinating character despite a mute and not much depth but I find sometimes what you don't say you say a lot. I love that there is mystery to him as you wonder if it's one of the meza god's from Mayan Legend, the God Nepturn from Greek Mythology, a creature seen or even worshiped from the lost civilizations like Atlantis or may'be even the mermaid creatures we heard of from fairy tales, as well as certain abilities of his which show as Shakespere put it "There are more things in heaven and earth." However it's really in it's behavior that makes us really connect and sympathize because his childlike curiousity and feelings make him very human.What makes the chemistry truly unique is that it's non verbal which to me is the best approach; it avoids a fundamental problem most romance films have where sometimes both characters go into a bunch of meaningless melodramatic prattle that really dampins the story. Personally in romance stories I find the quiet physical expression the best parts because both characters are expressing what they truly feel for one another.
Despite communicated in silence you can hear them loud and clear from not just their sign language but also just physicality which made the connection all the more genuine and beautiful. As Old Pete once said, "If love is really true, it doesn't need an answer."There are a lot of beautiful moments between the two like two scenes seeing both Eliza and him underwater together, which was like seeing a dance from how they move and float together. And there is one dream sequence which was great as it's a throwback to some of the old Hollywood musicals, let alone suprising seeing Sally sing and dance which I knew nothing about.The film does a good job at touching upon the issue of racism as well as other themes like the power of indiviuals and miniorities over corrupt powers and the infaststures built on their lies, the meaning of true humanity. But most importantly the universality of love and how there are no barriers or differences.Elsa and the Creature's love for each other just like the depths of the ocean runs deep.Rating: 4 stars

I couldn't stand watching this, it has nothing to do with the previous works of Del Toro. Even the music seems taken from Delicatessen or Amelie. It's pathetic how these kind of movies are awarded at the Oscars. Another overrated movie from an overrated director. If you have seen Jean Pierre Jeunet's filmography you'll inmediately notice that this is just a HUGE RIP OFF.

The story is very moving, the story is compact, the actor works hard and deserves to be the Oscar winner.

I must say i love guilhermo del toro's work and in this film he goes absolutely to the spot. Is the plot strange? Yes. Is the movie strange and goes places that normally hollywood doesn't go? Yes, and that's what makes this a fantastic work of art. The main character is a mute woman, her best friend and neighbor is a middle age gay men, her colleage is a black woman and this is all in the cold war so it could't be harder to be "diferent" in those times. and then we have a love history between a "fishguy" and a cleaning woman. Beautiful, mesmering, hypnotic, amazing and plenty of more adjectives to describe this film.

To paraphrase one of this film's quotes: "If I told you about THE FILM what would I say?' It's beautiful, enchanting, moving, gripping but it's also strange and quite odd, like some brilliantly bizarre poem. However, the really great thing about THE SHAPE OF WATER, as well as the acting and script is how fresh and new it is. It REALLY IS something you don't see everyday. The concept, story and delivery really dazzle. The scope is awe-inspiring and this film has certainly earned it's Oscar in my opinion. Director Guillermo Del Toro has TOTALLY delivered with this movie in both his writing and directing. The script is genius frankly, smart, sharp and very original (whatever some say). We get a deep and emotional look at each character and each story. Though the film is obviously about Elisa (Sally Hawkins) and her romance with the Amphibian Man (Doug Jones), this film has many backstories and additional plot lines, and the film becomes brilliantly and complexly multi-layered. Del Toro directs brilliantly too, getting the uttermost from his stellar cast, but also grafting a brilliant and authentic 60s world. GREEN is something that features almost everywhere: the walls, the floor, the water, the food, and of course the Amphibian Man himself. The visual effects in this film are pretty much second-to-none (except BLADE RUNNER 2049) and the animated Amphibian Man is beautiful and vibrant, like a great painting. Now, onto the story. The plot is simple and uncomplicated but still grips and makes you feel for the characters. It is also authentic to the attitudes and paranoia of the times with racism, homophobia, sexism and the "Red Scare", all portrayed unapologetically. However, the main event of course is Elisa and her peculiarly amorous relationship with the Amphibian Man. Many people have said that the film's concept is rather creepy and weird and I must admit I was a little skeptical about the spectacle of a woman falling in (and making) love to a fish man, but the romance is told in such a beautiful and graceful way that you end up not minding at all. I WAS, however, rather glad that their love life was not explored too graphically. Almost as soon the two met I was rooting for them. I felt pity for Amphibian Man and the brutal way in which he was treated but I also fell in love with Elisa "the princess without voice". The only problem was, (and call me a cynic) I didn't get the emotional connection from their romance that I would get from that of a man and a woman. I DID care about their romance but it wasn't the same as the romance between human people. I should warn that this film is bloodily violent at times and may shock, it's certainly not some kid's fairy tale... However, the whole story was of course carried by the cast and I have (as usual) chosen a few standouts (4 to be precise): Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Octavia Spencer and Richard Jenkins. Hawkins was BRILLIANT! Totally different to what we know her for (PADDINGTON anyone?) as Elisa, the mute heroine. Hawkins gives such a convincing and strong performance and though her character can't speak, we still know exactly what she's thinking. Hawkins facial expressions are portraits of pain, sorrow, joy and raw emotion and Elisa becomes a heroine you can TOTALLY fall in love with. Richard Jenkins is also brilliant as Giles, a repressed homosexual and a real father figure to Elisa. He's emotional, a little vain but charming and Jenkins character is one you can really grow fond of. Octavia Spencer certainly earns her Bafta as Elisa's friend and confidant Zelda. She's a strong, independent woman, putting on a brave face for all the racism she suffers, but she has a very emotional centre and Spencer really does the character justice. Michael Shannon is monstrously magnificent as Mr. Strickland. Unfeeling and uncaring, he's a brutal villain you grow to hate as he brutalises the creature and terrifies other characters, driven with a powerhouse performance by Shannon.The charming vintage soundtrack and gorgeous dream sequences along with all of the above, REALLY moved the film along to it's tense ending. Del Toro ties it up beautifully, like a classic fairytale romance with a twist. As always, I ask myself, did I enjoy it? Yes! I really did enjoy THE SHAPE OF WATER. The cast was outstanding, the story was brilliantly strange and fresh, but most of all the film delivered and really deserves it's Oscar (and even my Dad enjoyed it)...

This is the type of film that takes you back and reminds you why you fell in love with the movies. I loved almost every minute of it. Cinematography is amazing and the story itself is quite beautiful. For me - it's almost perfect.The only reason I'm giving it an 8 and not a 10 is because there's a moment in the movie where the creature kills and eats a kitten, and that image is burned in my brain and had kinda ruined the movie for me. By the time the film is over you kinda get over it, but for me - that was one thing I can't watch, as a person who owns a cat and grew up with cats, was a bit too sickening of an image and now when I think of this film that's the image that pops up, which is a shame. Because it was a really beautiful movie. That dancing scene got my all teared up, by the way. I LOVED IT!

This film for me had everything. Love, danger, drama...just everything! The cinematography was amazing and it was such a beautiful tale of love at one point I forgot the creature was a creature! I would gladly watch it over and over again although I am sure each time I do I will cry at the end!

THE SHAPE OF WATER- 95%
Well what Can I say.... A love story like never seen before. 
Sally Hawkins needs to win an Oscar at least once in her career because the description "Outstanding" is minimal for her level. 
The story is absolutely beautiful, even the small hidden details about each character makes them individually unique.
I just wish there was more contact between them. I wanted to see more in this infinite love story. 
The ending was phenomenal!! 
Story wise and execution: 31.3/35
Acting: 25/25
Camera work: 20/20
Sound: 18.9/20

The Shape of Water is a bizarre but comforting, romantic and even sexy movie -- "less a movie than a conjuring" per one critic. I'm not a fan of monster movies, but this one is less about a monster than about myth, imagination, and connection. I'm sure it also holds far more references than I noticed, from the mute named Eliza (though the cast list spells it Elisa) to a Dr Strangelove persona, and many references to other monsters. It's also about color palettes, shifting dramatically through browns and golds and shades of blue and green.

Shape of water , a romantic masterpiece created by infamous director of Hell boy, Pacific rim - Guillermo Del Toro. He has been known for his unique style of filming, creating his imaginative character into perfection without using CGI,but make up instead, so do the 'The shape of Water'. The story itself is so romantic that the audience may completely immersed themselves into the movie. The tension within the storyline may gradually build up alongside the depth of the character. Eliza Esposito,a muted character portrayed by Sally Hawkins, has a desperate keen of love. Her love at first sight with the amphibian man may be well illustrate through their intimate interactions in the movie, and may be well embellished on top of their sign language, which leaves the story emotionally engaging with the audience. The starting and the ending also may be related through the drop of the shoe, which leaves the story ending in circle - Guillermo's unique style of storytelling. Besides, the lighting and the music of 'the shape of water' is the main tools for creating the romantic atmosphere for the movie. Dan Lausten, best known by his cinematography in John Wick, Silent hill has done an astounding job in Shape of Water. His usage of Colour, and natural lighting creates a stupendous visual sensation for the audience. The shadows of the light, reflections of the water, or the use of contrast, generate a really warm tone which melt the ice out of the audience's heart.Foer the music aspect, Alexandra Desplat has just won the BAFTA awards for the best film music for his work in shape of water, but that comes with a reason The music mainly comes from the golden age of Hollywood , the 50s or the 60s. The music piece in shape of water may naturally blend in with the visual telling and the tone of the movie, creating a romantic sensational feeling. Especially when listening to the piece' The shape of Water', you may feel yourself submerging into the water, with the bubbles flying up to the water surface, and the whistling creating a peaceful feeling, which is the most magical aspect of the music piece. Shape of water, may be regarded as the film of the year. Highly recommended to Watch with your love one.

It was a great movie especially the effects and also it was very emotional

I just watched this film today and I already adore it. It's a beautiful film that celebrates the magic of movies and fairytales while simultaneously subverting all of the genre's norms.The center of any movie is it's performances and this has some of this years best. The core is the romance between Sally Hawkins as Elisa Esposito and Doug Jones as the Amphibian. While the story of an interspecies romance may be a turn-off for some people, don't judge it by it's strange concept. Sally Hawkins is mute for the entire film, forcing her to show her emotion through her expressions and motions. And she brings so much emotion to the role. Whether showing the loneliness of her normal routine as a janitor at a secret government facility, her joy as she dances to music on the TV, and her curiosity when first meeting the Amphibian, it's all imbued with an earnestness hard to fake. And Doug Jones gives an equally silently emotive performance. He takes what could be a hulking brute and makes him a scared, confused being that finds a kindred spirit in Elisa. While the heart of the movie is Elisa and the Amphibian's, the supporting performances are equally heartfelt. My personal favorite performance of the film is Richard Jenkins as Giles. He is Elisa's neighbor, translator, and best friend. His moments with Elisa are purely wonderful, whether eating pie, listening to music, or breaking a South American water creature out of a government facility. And, as we learn, he's also a closeted gay man. There are a couple of brilliant scenes that show his challenges and motivation to help Elisa. Another incredible addition is Octavia Spencer as Zelda Fuller. She is one of Elisa's coworkers. She discovers the creature with her and goes from being wary of the beast to aiding Elisa in its escape. She brings humor, wit, and warmth to the role. On the other hand, there is Michael Shannon as government agent Richard Strickland. If you were to rate villains in how much you grow to despise them, he would be one of the best in recent memory. He's egotistical, hateful, and violent. Michael Shannon brings a cold ruthlessness to the role which imbues every one of his scenes with tension. And finally there is Michael Stuhlbarg, a scientist and Soviet double agent. In what could have been a one sided portrayal that fell back on overused tropes, he brings a layered character who decides to put science before country. Moving away from the performances, I'd like to focus more on the creative side, which is mainly the vision of one man, Guillermo del Torro. The script pays homage to everything from fairytales to monster movies to spy thrillers. It is tender, surprising, tense, and wonderfully strange in a way only del Torro could conceive. And the direction combines all of the formerly mentioned homages into a beautiful direction that creates memorable visuals that will stay with you far after the end credits.On top of the direction, the visual effects are beautiful as well, especially in regards to the Amphibian. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought that they really cast a fish actor. There is never a scene where he seems fake, a feat few big budget blockbusters can achieve. I decided to write this review not just because I feel very passionately about this film, but to right the wrongs I see in many negative reviews. A big complaint I've seen is about the interspecies relationship. While the film is very sexual, it is done in a very tasteful and gentle way. I find it done much better than a lot of films, especially a certain series named after shades of colors.In the end, the film is less about a romance between a woman and a fish, but a story of marginalized people coming together and finding each other. Look past the initial strangeness and you'll find a beautiful and truly unique film that must be seen, preferably in theaters.

My wife and I really enjoyed this movie! Visually it is amazing; a masterpiece of direction from Guillermo Del Toro. Lots of interesting things to look at, it's quite beautiful.The romance is very strange. It's the centerpiece of the film, I guess, and it works well enough. Ironically it is my least favorite part of the movie, there is no personality for the water guy, it falls flat for me. Everything else works great, though, especially the characters. The neighbor, co-worker and villain are all fantastic. As with most Del Toro films, there is some disturbing stuff here. I wanted to look away a few times. The contrast between horror and beauty is pretty interesting here.

This film is beautiful in every kind of way. I have absolutely nothing bad to say regarding the cinematography, writing, acting or anything else. In my opinion, this film is incredible - and has plot which is completely unpredictable (which is rare these days).

Splash/E.T./Beauty and The Beast. This film is so beautifully filmed and written. Truly a work of art that has some wonderful themes.

The Shape of Water-A Wonderful Adult Fairy Tale Movie about CommunicationEver since visiting the lakes, going fishing, and watching the Disney movie Atlantis, I've always had an obsession with the underwater world and believed that other human-like creatures were lurking beneath the oceans. So, before watching Guillermo Del Toro's The Shape of Water (2017), I was initially excited for this film, and after watching it, I was genuinely impressed with the cinematography, visuals, and theme. The Shape of Water (2017) stylishly tells the story of a classic monster-adult fairy tale and fuses with old Hollywood musical, making it a fascinating experience. Furthermore, with exceptional cinematography and visuals, this film has a great message about the importance of communication and shows it through the excellent development of the characters and narrative. The movie shows us Elisa (Sally Hawkins), who is a mute woman that works as a nighttime janitor in a research facility center. She doesn't have many friends, except her African-American co-worker friend Zelda Fuller (Octavia Spencer) who spends most of the time talking, and her close neighbor, who is a closeted gay man called Giles (Richard Jenkins). One day, as Elisa is working, the facility center brings an amphibious creature that lives underwater. Intrigued by the creature, Elisa secretly tries to get closer to him by bringing eggs, playing musicals, and teaching him to sign language. Eventually, these two get closer, but Elisa's superior Strickland wants to dissect the creature for study purposes and to avoid the Russians to get more information as well. In Del Toro's movies, many of his films have great visuals, and with The Shape of Water (2017), the director carefully uses colors to evoke the character's state of mind. The turquoise and teal colored background were used through the entire period to evoke the sense of bleakness and loneliness. All the characters, despite generally having a happy life have some sort of emptiness in their lives and Del Toro wanted to show it through the screen vividly. And so, when the use of color red appears, it is used in controlled situations to show passion and delight in Elisa, making it easier to establish the overall mood. As for the performance, all the characters including the supporting roles had great depth. The most astonishing feature of the film's vision was that the story was delivered from a voiceless woman, a gay artist, and a black woman, all sharing some problems regarding communication. In particular, Sally Hawkins undoubtedly outshines the rest of the characters as she only uses her body to communicate with others, making it both humorous, powerful, and truly magical. Additionally, Spencer and Jenkins elevate the arc of the story while Shannon as Strickland is genuinely a horrific villain. Because the creature is an outsider, naturally, Elisa, Zelda, and Giles who are also social pariahs see the amphibious creature as something magnificent while Strickland sees him as "ugly as sin." These direct contrasts show how the importance of communication is demonstrated through the character's situations. Questions such as what happens when we are taken away the ability to communicate with others or who gets to decide who talks are all emphasized throughout the film. In a way, because the characters are social minorities, their voices are all suppressed. Elisa cannot verbally communicate, so she gets help from her close friends Zelda and Giles, making her feel marginalized and incomplete. On the other hand, Strickland's position in society allows him to abuse his powers and use communication only to take advantage of his subordinates. Just as the title suggests, the element of water is flexible and adaptable, which illustrates that love can have many different shapes and form. Even though Elisa might not be able to communicate verbally, she still can interact with the creature through sign language and does not have to be judged for who she is. In a way, as she bonds with the being, it is shown that sex can also be a form of communication, one that Elisa eventually does to deepen the relationship with her love. Despite the absence of speech, Elisa uses other methods-especially in the water- to connect and communicate with the creature, making her self-expression fill the void that was empty in her life with someone who will love her just for the way she is.All in all, Del Toro and his cast and crew delivers a compelling film by showcasing unique and imaginative elements of the characters and story. It is no doubt that The Shape of Water (2017) is one of Del Toro's best works. By sticking with the theme of communication, this movie has a relevant message in modern society, and just like water, one can decide what kind of meaning love wants to be.

Guillermo del Toro is an excellent filmmaker. The premises of this movie are commendable but the implementation is plain horrible. We all have been told that our society is extremely divided today and if one of the sides wins then the end of the world will come. But I wonder since when has it become a crime to have different opinions?
The main premise behind the movie is that it is okay to be different and I am sure we all agree with that. The problem is that according to the movie if one differs from the "different" than it is a crime.
The world is simply black and white and there is nothing in the middle. The bad guys are racist, sadistic, and homophobic. The good guys are emotional, creative, and acceptable.

Imagine Creature from the Black Lagoon as a Romance. Elisa is a mute cleaner at a government facility who becomes enchanted by the latest addition to the facility's roster; an Amphibian Man caught in South America and hauled all the way up to America by a government agent called Strickland, who seeks to exploit the creature to get one up on the Russians in the height of the Cold War. As the movie goes on, Elisa and her friends break the Amphibian Man out to save it from certain death, and an oddball romance blossoms between the two. Yes, it's a concept that sounds completely terrible on paper, and yet Del Toro manages to craft a beautiful and moving film out of it.Being a Del Toro movie, The Shape of Water is not safe by any means (I mean, the entire concept of a woman falling in love with a sea creature is a pretty big hint). One of the opening montages shows Elisa in full-frontal nudity pleasuring herself in the bath, showing that the movie is not afraid of the sexual connotations, and is in fact willing to embrace them, without being titilising. Similarly, it's not afraid to show the more graphic and gorier aspects of bringing a sea creature home to a house full of cats. While it is maybe a little tame compared to Del Toro's previous works, it still feels fundamentally like the only thing Del Toro could craft. He manages to include the more graphic and risky moments that makes the film feel real, without losing it's fairytale, fantasy leanings. The sexuality doesn't undercut the romance, and the gore doesn't undercut the beauty or the film's themes.On the note of themes, The Shape of Water is rife with them. It's a story about misfits and the loneliness they endure because of it. Elisa is mute which makes her easy to ostracise. She struggles without meaningful companionship, and on the entire cleaning staff only has one friend; Zelda. Zelda is a fairly normal person beyond her skin colour. Being black in the early 60s wasn't an especially kind time, and neither is being a woman, and she suffers both racism and sexism daily. Elisa's other friend is her neighbour Giles, who is not only an old man watching his youth fade away, concealing it with tupées, but is also gay in a time when it's not acceptable, and suffers similar rejections to companionship that Elisa does. The Amphibian Man goes without saying.Another theme is that of masks, or hiding who you truly are. Strickland, on the outside, is a successful family man complete with two kids, nice house, cadillac, smart suits, and a wife who beckons to him, but on the inside he's racist, sexist, fetishes the silence of women (both literally and figuratively), and the threat of losing gradually tears him apart. Doctor Hoffstetler, the main scientist on the project is a covert Russian spy tasked with ensuring the Americans don't gleam more from the Amphibian Man than them. Yet his deception is twofold, as he doesn't even work unquestioningly for the Russians. He has too much of a scientific curiousity of the Amphibian Man, caring for it in his own way, and ultimately helping Elisa to break him free. Then of course there's Giles masking his age with a tupée. Elisa's mask is much more subtle, and unknown even to her.Each character is played with depth and nuance by each cast member, and there's absolutely no weak links. Michael Shannon does what he does best as the menacing antagonist who's slowly falling apart himself. A quintessentially masculine man who ultimately can't keep up the charade. Michaul Stuhlbarg plays Hoffstetler with an empathy that makes his character much softer than I imagine he would have appeared on the page. Octavia Spencer, like Shannon, does what she does best as a middle-aged, working class black woman brought down by her homelife and her environment. Richard Jenkins is pretty killer as Giles, tapping into his sensitive side with such finesse that what could otherwise have felt like a pretty cliché gay character instead is filled with depth and charm.Of course the real power house is Sally Hawkins who is as fantastic as always as Elisa. Without saying a word, she manages to convey such an emotional depth that will make her the envy of her colleagues. One scene in particular has her appealing to Giles affection for her, to get him to help her break the Amphibian Man out. It's one of those scenes that would be a career-defining monologue in any other movie, but of course in Shape of Water it is done without dialogue, and instead conveyed almost entirely in sign language and body language, and Sally Hawkins kills it. The fluency and conviction with which she performs is captivating to watch, and it's hard not to get invested in Elisa's plight.On a more technical standpoint The Shape of Water doesn't fail to deliver either, at least not for the most part. The general aesthetic of the movie is like that of the 50s and 60s, but painted in such a way that gives it an oddly fantastical edge. I've seen it compared to the video game Bioshock, which feels like an accurate comparison. There are a number of shots that feel like paintings. However what makes each shot look so good and enthralling is the sharp lighting with harsh brights and shadows, which can make the film feel a little dark (but then again, it's Del Toro, and it still looks great). The score by Alexandre Desplat is also really good, with a memorable theme.But on the note of music strikes my only real complaint with the movie. There's one scene that should've been a hugely powerful glimpse into Elisa's desires, but it decides to portray this by shifting to black and white and giving us a musical number. Maybe I'm biased because I hate musicals (at least ones that aren't family films), but I never find random musical numbers in otherwise fairly serious movies ever work, and The Shape of Water is no exception. It's jarring, doesn't feel particularly well done (especially compared to the rest of the movie), and the emotions it wants to portray could've been done much better another way. It's a bold move, and thematically fits, so for that I give Del Toro kudos, but it just felt a little tacked-on and unnecessary, breaking the movie's pace for a brief extravagance.The Shape of Water is ultimately a very beautiful movie though, there's no denying that. It toes the line of something that could've gone terribly wrong, but somehow Del Toro has managed to give us a romantic fantasy for the ages. I give it a high 8/10.


This is one of the best films I have seen in a long time. The acting was amazing, the story line was unique and very enjoyable, the filming of it was absolutely perfect and very fluid and immaculately done and you can tell that this film was done very carefully and thought out a lot. For me it's a 10/10, I loved it !

I personally enjoy watching movies that show real feelings on the big screen. This movie is not a typical Hollywood movie that shows the same type of plot between the same type of people in the same type of society...In this particular piece of art you will find a very simple story containing people with little lives but with strong principles, self acknowledgement and self secure about the things they want in life. I personally was carried away by the humaneness of this movie as it reminded me that the world besides having monsters also has lots of good people willing to make the world a better place and that no good person has to be alone, you just have to have the will to seek for the right people.

I cannot stress how much I recommend this movie. I'll be the first to acknowledge that I've been lukewarm about Guillermo Del Toro. I think I wrote in my review of 'Pacific Rim' that my favorite part of the movie was it's exposition. I am ready to eat crow and rightfully credit Del Toro as a master filmmaker. In all honesty I had admired Del Toro most as a film buff and stand bearer of the legacy of the classic monster films we share a mutual love for. Unsurprisingly that is a large part of 'The Shape of Water' s magic. In his Golden Globe acceptance speech he thanked the great Lon Chaney as an inspiration. This is the closest I've seen to a Lon Chaney film. It is a story about different misfits tossed aside because they do not fit into a world's definition of beauty. 'The Shape of Water' takes a great deal of risks and skates very close to being thematically over the top but it remembers that at it's soul is a love story anchored by Oscar caliber performances from Sally Hawkins and Doug Jones. All the performances are excellent and all the characters extremely well developed. Michael Shannon turns in the best performance of an already stellar career.It's a movie for our times too. Although not blatantly political one can't help but draw parallels between Shannon's character basking in an ultra nationalistic Cold War setting and the era of Trump. And really what a relief to see a pulp fantasy project that is completely original but has sprinklings of inspiration. These are just first impression notes but I loved it. I cannot wait to get the Blu-Ray.

Much more charming and quirky that I had expected. Think Amelie mashed up with a sci-fi creature feature mashed up with a heist movie with a bit of classic musical moments thrown in. Very ambitious and very novel, I was delightfully surprised again and again throughout the course of the film.It was also surprisingly funny. One major example is that the main antagonist washes his hands before he pees and then says if he also washed his hands after, it would point to a weakness in a man character... WHAT??! This otherwise super menacing character having stinky fingers is almost a recurring theme in the film. I was laughing my ass off.Lots of humor in general, interjected between some extremely beautiful, sweet and sad scenes. Great cinematography, great use of colors and everything is set to the perfect sound track. Also, sally hawkins' performance was an absolute pleasure to watch.This movie really just has everything. Instantly became my favorite Guillermo del Toro film and of my favorite films of all time!

I cannot say it was boring, but definitely does not deserve any price. And some torture scenes that makes it unsuitable for childs. "Beauty & the best" is far better.

A masterpiece of cinematography, with a magnificent love story even though it was weird and uncomfortable at moments. 
Despite all the weirdness, Guillermo Del Toro did make it look normal and natural even beautiful. The touches of homophobia, racism and woman Right were perfect. It was an outcry to society and a reminder of how where things in the past. The depiction was brutal and realistic, it just makes it so touching and moving. 
Elisa, the mute woman, was loving in her own silent way. Without talking she could, with her gestures and her actions, show us that speaking, talking isn't necessary to a human being, that even though you aren't complete for society, that you are broken for society you are still human. 
I couldn't find one single thing that I didn't like in this movie, it was just good. 
The Shape of Water is a movie worth watching multiple times just for the sake of it. A pleasure for the eyes and the ears.

Interesting and unique concept, wonderful fable story telling with a meaning and purpose, beautiful music / visuals and shoots throughout, and extremely well crafted and executed. This is one of the best films I have seen in many years - with such thought provoking and deep insights and criticism of both our world and society - which are spot on! Beautifully and thoughtfully crafted and exceptionally directed. Highly recommend. Hollywood: consider making more quality movies like this.

But I can't adopt it in real life.Maybe the washroom that full of water is the most beatific place for this couple . AMAZING !!!

While his last film Crimson Peak did not do it for me, I was naturally excited to see a new Guillermo Del Toro film. Admittedly, The Shape of Water is no Pan's Labyrinth in terms of depth, but the director once again proves himself to be an incredibly passionate and creative voice in cinema. It looks silly on paper, but this story about a mute woman, portrayed beautifully and fearlessly by Sally Hawkins, who forms a romantic bond with a Creature from the Black Lagoon-esque water monster in the facility where she serves as a cleaning help, turns out to be completely unique and heartfelt. The cast is stellar; Micheal Shannon never disappoints as a love-to-hate kind of villain, and Micheal Stuhlbarg is fun and sympathetic as one of the lead scientists. The standout is undoubtedly the always wonderful Richard Jenkins as our lead character's neighbour. Not everything works though, I could have spent a little more time developing the bond between woman and creature. The film quickly brushes over it in favour of a Cold War storyline, that works well in its own right, but makes that central romance and some the more daring scenes in the latter half of the movie not entirely believable. Del Toro's signature dish of fairytale storytelling mixed with a dark undertone and sudden bursts of bloody violence does once again feel fresh and unpredictable, but does make for a tonally inconsistent experience. All of these issues pointed out, however, I can still very much recommend The Shape of Water to almost anyone. The production design and cinematography are gorgeous, the actors are all on top of their game, and while it tends to venture a bit too much to the cheesy side, I could not help but feel immersed in the world and invested all of the characters involved.

A beautiful film, definitely recommended to anyone who is into romance, comedy and suspense such a good mixture and the storyline is very very good

I watch over 250 movies a year. I rate them all. I have a very detailed rating system and when I watched the trailer I was intrigued. I think Michael Shannon is a great actor and the rest of the cast seemed good too. Unfortunately I sat through a creature from the black lagoon movie from the 50's with a horrible 2 bit costume. I cannot believe how outrageous and over the top the silliness of this movie is. This is what the academy thinks is best picture? I read the reviews on this site and a lot of reviews are people giving this movie top scores because the director or some interpretation that not everyone gets or cares to get. If have to watch a movie to spin it a certain way for others, then it is an unwatchable movie. Any movie that wins best picture in mind should appeal to all demographics. The young and old should walk out of the theater, look at each other and say "wow that was great". If you walk out the theater and some people say "yeah that was great because it represents...", and the other half walk out feeling they were just robbed out of $12 bucks, then it should not win best picture. Yet another travesty for the academy. Too bad the general public does not give out the oscar. If we did, then this movie would not even nominated for anything but a over the top cheesy B movie. Extremely disappointed...AGAIN. Thanks academy for another joke you delivered on Oscar night.

With perfect timing after scooping 13 Oscar nominations, "The Shape of Water" arrives for preview screenings in the UK. Is it worth all the hype?Well, in a word, yes. Not since Spielberg entranced the world in 1982 with a love story between an isolated and lonely child and an alien, stranded a million light-years from home, have we seen a magical fairy-tale so well told. Here Lewisham's own Sally Hawkins ("Paddington", "Godzilla") plays Elisa Esposito, an attractive but mousy mute living above a cinema and next door to her best friend: a struggling artist called Giles (Richard Jenkins). Sexually-frustrated, Elisa works out those tensions in the bath every morning before heading off to work as a cleaner at a government research institute. Together with partner Zelda Fuller (Octavia Spencer, "Hidden Figures") she is asked to clean a highly secured room where a mysterious aquatic creature is being studied by the cruel and militaristic Strickland (Michael Shannon, "Midnight Special", "Nocturnal Animals") and the more compassionate scientist Hoffstetler. (The latter is played by Michael Stuhlbarg ("Miss Sloane", "Steve Jobs") in a performance that wasn't recognised by the Academy, but for me really held the film's story together). Elisa forms a relationship with the creature, and as the scientific investigations turn darker, she becomes determined to help him. When you think about it, the similarities in the screenplay with E.T. are quite striking. But this is most definitely not a kid's film, containing full frontal nudity, sex and some considerable violence, some of it "hands-over-the-eyes" worthy. Most of this violence comes courtesy of Shannon's character, who is truly monstrous. He is uncontrollably vicious, single-minded and amoral: a hand over the mouth to silence his wife during vigourous sex cleverly belies where his true lust currently lies. (Shannon is just so convincing in all of his roles that, after "Nocturnal Animals", it is a bit of a surprise to see that he is still alive and well!)It's worth pointing out for balance at this point that my wife thought this portrayal was over-egged for its villany, and she rated the film less highly than I did because of it.So its no Oscar nomination this time for Shannon as a supporting actor. But that honour goes to Richard Jenkins, who is spectacularly good as the movie-musical-loving and pie-munching neighbour who is drawn unwillingly into Elisa's plans. Giles is a richly fashioned character - also the film's narrator - who struggles to fit in with the cruel and rascist 1962 world that he finds himself in. "Sometimes I think I was born too early or too late for my life" he bemoans to the creature whose loneliness he relates to. A scene in a cafe where he fastidiously wipes all traces of pie-filling from his tongue is masterfully done. Octavia Spencer is also Oscar nominated for Best Supporting Actress, and it's a magical partnership she shares with Hawkins, with each bouncing off each other wonderfully.This leads to a 'no brainer' Oscar nomination for Sally Hawkins who delivers a star turn. She has to go through such a huge range of emotions in this film, and she genuinely makes you really care about the outcome like few films this year. It's a little tricky since I haven't seen "I Tonya" or "Ladybird" yet, but I would have thought that Ms Hawkins is going to possibly give Frances McDormand the closest run for her money on March 4th. My money would still be on McDormand for "3 Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri", but the Oscar voters are bound to love "The Shape of Water". For like "La La Land" last year, the film is (rather surprisingly for me) another love letter to Hollywood's golden years, with Elisa and Giles living out their lives with classic movie music and dance numbers: a medium that Elisa only ever truly finds here "voice" through.In the technical categories the Oscar nominations were for Cinematography (Dan Laustsen); Film Editing (Sidney Wolinsky); Sound Editing (Nathan Robitaille and Nelson Ferreira); Sound Mixing (Glen Gauthier, Christian Cooke and Brad Zoern); Production Design (Paul D. Austerberry, Jeffrey A. Melvin and Shane Vieau); Original Score (Alexandre Desplat) and Costume Design (Luis Sequeira). And you really wouldn't want to bet against any of these not to win, for the film is a technical delight. Right from the dreamlike opening titles (arguably, they missed a deserved nomination here for Visual Effects), the film is gorgeous to look at, with such brilliant detail in the production design that there is interesting stuff to look at in every frame. And the film editing is extraordinary: Elisa wobbles on the bucket she's standing on, but it's Strickland's butt, perched on a table, that slips off. This is a film that deserves multiple repeat viewings.An the helm is the multi-talented Guillermo del Toro ("Pacific Rim", "Crimson Peak") who both directed and co-wrote the exceptionally smart screenplay (with Vanessa Taylor, "Divergent") and is nominated for both. I actually found the story to be rather predictable, as regards Elisa's story arc, but that in no way reduced my enjoyment of the film. For the "original screenplay" is nothing if not "original".... it's witty, intelligent and shocking at different turns. The violence and sex won't be for everyone... but this is a deep and rich movie experience that everyone who loves the movies should at least appreciate... hopefully in a dry cinema!

I am not going to go over all the different aspects of this movie which I hold in high esteem. But I have not seen reviewers really dig into the theme of the monster, an update of The Creature from the Black Lagoon. A fearful society projects its anxieties onto others, particularly those that cannot defend themselves. The period after WW2, were filled with "monsters", particularly those that were created from atomic experiments and blasts. "Them", the story of the giant ants, in my mind, encapsulates the fear of American society. The little girl in the movie, the last survivor, is so stunned after the mobile home park she lives in, is destroyed can only say, "Them" to the authorities asking what happened. But "Them" is the other;Them are the communists of the 40's and 50's'"Them" are the anti-war protestors of the 60's, and "Them" is the reaction of a black president elected and then immediately rejected being an "other" part of the "Them". I have seen criticism of this movie for its treatment of the disabled. That makes no sense. This movie is symbolic and metaphorical,poetry, from a different tradition, a Spanish one, and surreal.

Under the signature of the acclaimed Mexican director, Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water introduces us to a universe set in Baltimore (United States), during the Cold War period. With a unique aesthetic and under a green light filter, we witness a narrative that faithfully portrays the human species and its mechanisms of marginalization, where aspects such as belonging and loneliness, love and death are combined in a fantastic fable.

This slightly weird, yet highly award season friendly, adult fantasy with whips of horror is beautifully made with wonderful performances while the movie waxes lyrically about old Hollywood and fading glories, The cold war narrative is merely a plot device but it does work, and there is no doubt that Michael Shannon is a very nasty villain in deed.Rounding of this very slippery polished movie is a fine musical score which is both at once dramatic and at time's wildly romantic to match the glorious colour palette on screen. All that is left is for me dust down my DVD of the original 1954 flick hiding hiding somewhere in my film collection. 3D anyone?

Absolutely gorgeous and a classic spin on the beauty and the beast type fairytales. It has a great style and setting that allows for a romantic look to the past. The makeup for the creature is fantastic and makes him both frightening and lovable once the relationship grows. All the acting is very good, with Sally Hawkins adding a lot of personality to a mute character. Octavia Spencer was great too, adding some light comedy with her whit. All of the cinematography allows the film to dwell on the beautiful set and characters. It also lets the characters to feel closer together. Del Toro really added his personality and auteur style to the film, the film would not be the same without him!

I saw the Shape of Water in my local theater today and I saw the eloquence of the mute. I saw people who are truly monsters reveal the monsters they are. I saw the true nature of decency and the life-affirming challenge of loving someone who is different. I saw the cruel way that gods are treated and the terrifying innocence and the absolution of water. In short, it's an ordinary love story told via an extraordinary baptism.

The Shape of Water was only released here in Australia only 2 days ago when it was basically a 2017 made film, but having seen it at long last we definitely think that this is one of this year's best films already (and only in the first month of a new year). The film tells the story of a lonesome mute cleaning woman named Lily, working at a contained facility that one day brings in a mysterious but valuable 'asset' that seems to get her interest when she sees the human sized creature. Determined to set it free after seeing it's captivity and treatment, she embraces to do so but manages to see that it is like her.It's a fantasy romance story set in the era of the Cold War, with moments of drama, love and even thrills. The production value here is as great, beautiful and visually appealing as with any Del Toro film, the use of colours, practical makeup effects, storytelling, music, symbolism and even the themes are all taken to the levels of excellence to make it work perfect.
The acting is strong throughout with Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon and the always great Richard Jenkins giving the best roles. Hawkins in particular embraces her character's mute with much detail and emotion, you feel and care for her as she discovers that even the most mysterious things in life can bring the best that life can offer, though there are consequences and rewards.
The Shape of Water is film that will indeed have your mind and heart set to it and will make you imagine a world where fantasy and love are alive. With award worthy values in direction, production design, script and great performances, this reminds us that films can still capture the magic.
5/5 - Nick 4.5/5 - Jay

As all the movies of Guillermo Del Toro have to involve a creature and a human in the room. And that was no different, though it was better than anything he ever did. The film despite being fanciful it shows the reality of love, a complicated and strange thing, sometimes sad or cheerful. He was able to bring technique and love into the same plane. If you ask if the movie has any flaw, simple answer, it has. Because it does not go on! The story is so enthralling you want it to continue.
 This year 2018 was a great year for movies and this is one of the contributors to that.

Del Toro has blurred the lines between traditional genres and, thus, has created his very own unique genre. For this reason, it is very difficult to compare "The Shape of Water" with any other film. Additionally, this film will most likely not be enjoyed by a traditional, squared minded audience who will probably just consider it as weird. On the other hand, it will most certainly be enjoyed by an imaginative, openminded audience who is tired of traditional films, and understands the struggle for love in the dark and divisive times we live in.

Guillermo Del Toro ''The Shape of Water'' masterpiece completely broke my heart! For me, it's the best movie for a decade.And the tears were just flying out of my eyes a few times when I saw it listening to this beautiful music of Alexandre Desplat. This movie is not just a fantasy, it's a philosophical masterpiece about human Loneliness, Hate, Love, and Kindness.It reveals what cruel creatures we people are and what a miserable world we have created for ourselves.Guillermo Del Toro thank you so much and Elisa - I love you!

Everything about this movie is beautiful! The acting, cinematography, story line,
music, and emotions. I loved this movie! It touches on emotions felt deeply...and the cruelty and kindness of man. However, not all may feel this from the movie. As much as I loved it, my husband did not. He is a realist and could not see beyond the fantasy.. I cannot wait to watch it again!!

Del Toro's visually dazzling dark fantasy is probably his best since Pan's Labrynth. The story has got elements from a number of fairy tales and so many other fairy tales are referenced throughout. The production design and the sound design along with the music is as great as the cast. Hawkins, Shannon, Stuhlbarg, Jenkins and even Jones in all the makeup have done a fantastic job. There must be a lot of symbolism I've missed because there were certain moments and images that seemed important and I could understand half of it too but couldn't decipher it completely.

The story is not extremely original, basically it's Amelie meets Abe Sapien, but Del Toro's storytelling and directing makes this film into an unforgettable fairytale. Different from his other films, his take on this story is generally very timid and romantic. Some scenes are so harsh and extreme, they remind us that this is Guillermo Del Toro afterall and he didn't loose his creepy touch. All in all a great film.

Man 2017 it chalk full of great movies. This one too, did not disappoint. I love the touches of classic movies pre 50's era. The acting by all is remarkable. At first it was strange watching a women fall for an animal, but overtime I started to open my mind. I definitely recommend seeing this movie. Glad it won golden globes.

So what is the shape of water anyway? 
 Water is a malleable element that assumes the shape of its container. It's a life-force, an inner quality that can't be read from its surface. It has no exclusive shape but is a sustaining presence.
 The same can be said for humanity. Humanity is an essential quality that can be found in any number of forms. Here it propels the mute Eliza, the struggling gay artist Giles and reluctant help Delilah, and it is embodied in the mysterious amphibian monster. That natural humanity has been trapped by the US army which intends either his live dissection or his murder to serve the government's fears. 
 That merman seems godlike in his healing powers. That's because he is a creature of nature, not the species man so long removed from it. He restores Giles' hair, disappears his wound, cures his own bullet-holes - and ultimately brings eternal life via love to Eliza. 
 As an orphan Eliza Esposito is cut off from any earthly roots, but she has an instinctual connection to the source of life, water. Hence her immediate attraction to and sympathy for the merman. She persuades Giles to help save him because of their common humanity, theirs and the merman's. 
 Her job reduces her to cleaning the masters' piss, blood and excrement. But her humanity has profounder roots than anyone else here. In the opening scene she is asleep and freed into her natural state - floating in an ocean that fills her room, all the furniture bobbing about, until she eases back down to her sofa and awakens into her lesser world, mundane reality. While her egg-timer ticks off her breakfast, she masturbates in her tub, exulting in her freedom, fullness and immersion. 
 The film does have a fish out of water, but it's not the merman. It's the pie-clerk, a bigot from Ottawa who fakes the chain's "Southern Hospitality."
 The film also has an obscene monster but it's not the merman. It's the director Strickland. As he grinds his candies and scarfs painkillers he pretends to civilized order, discipline, citizenship, potency, but he's the film's biggest loser. He tortures the merman monstrously, sexually threatens Eliza, demeans her and her partner Zelda, and so provokes the audience's proper rejection that we cheer when his new Cadillac gets crunched. 
 Like water and humanity, manhood cannot be characterized by its outer appearance or shape. Zelda has bigger balls than her cowardly husband Brewster. Despite his failure as an illustrator, the gay and lonely Giles proves manlier than Strickland when he helps free the merman, from driving the rescue laundry van to knocking down Strickland to enable the escape. 
 So, too, the merman's flat groin unfurls a sexual potency that fulfills Eliza and brings them eternal love. This while Strickland loses his fingers, which even after reattachment turn black and putrid. He may have saved his "pussy finger" but he's ultimately emasculated.
 Guillermo del Toro pointedly sets the film in1950s America. That's the America that the current Republican government aims to restore. Hence the pie-clerk's and Strickland's racism, the clerk's homophobia, Strickland's sexism, classism and complacent materialism. Strickland is sure "The Lord's image" is his, not black Zelda's and certainly not the merman's. Indeed, he loses the trail when he snaps "What am I doing, interviewing the shit cleaners?"
 As the five-star General Hoyt admonishes him, "Decency is what we export. We don't use it ourselves." Their attack on the merman evokes Trump's evisceration of the EPA, his revival of the murderous coal industry and lately to pillage the national parks and to mine the entire seacoast with oil drilling. To Strickland the mysterious captive natural power is only "the asset" - as negative a positive as one could assign a living creature. 
 Though the Russians are as murderous as the American's, the Russian scientist spy Hofstetler articulates the human value: "I don't want an intricate, beautiful thing destroyed!" We don't have to be restricted to our government's inhumanity. 
 Though the film is framed with shots of Eliza floating in a watery world, first during her dream, then liberated with her merman, the film has another frame, Giles's narration. He tells the story. As he admits its mystery and his incomprehension it represents his blossoming into a fuller self as well as Eliza's. 
 Initially he's an ex-alcoholic failure struggling to get work drawing ad designs. That's a very '50s profession, sustaining a false dream-life for American consumerism as false as the fantasies screened in the Orpheum under Giles' and Eliza's flats. Encountering the merman liberates him too. Giles starts drawing emotional representations of the strange creature and his connection to our humanity. Giles switches his hand and his imagination from selling a false image of happiness to probing our wilder possibilities.

Sally hawkins is transcendent, luminous. 
the set design is creative - consistently dark and retro in a kind of cozy batman way. 
up to now, i have only seen hawkins play awkward, geeky roles - a revelation to see her charismatic, graceful, and sexy. impressively erotic merman as well.
in a way, it's a comic-book superhero movie, but the best one ever.
i was worried this film would be a downer like "pan's labyrinth." it's not. whew!

Its gone on record that director Guillermo Del Toro himself has said that The Shape of Water is the only film he is entirely 100% happy with. After viewing it twice now, I must admit that I also basked in his happiness by not wasting any time in making up my mind that this is the man's most majestic masterpiece to date. Eclipsing the then unconditional love I had for both The Devil's Backbone and Pan's Labyrinth, this is a film that is utterly stunning, gorgeous and damn beautiful in its visuals, aesthetics and its now, BAFTA winning production design.As much as it is another dark fantasy; examining the themes of love, loss, communication and language, Del Toro's magnum opus can also be regarded as a real compassionate love letter to the golden age cinema era of musicals and romantic comedies featuring the likes of Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra, in a time period at the movies where absolutely everything had a happy ending. This is just one aspect of the movie that really helps steer you into completely believing in this unconventional central love story at its heart. Honestly, it's been a good long while since I've seen something on this scale that radiates of such sheer and captivating human beauty. This is further aided by Sally Hawkins' amazing Oscar and BAFTA nominated performance that instead of words, is able to convey so much through body language and human emotive feelings as a way of communicating with others and making sense of the world she lives in. She makes efficacious effort as an actress in the role of Elisa in potently using many of her different facial expressions whenever she is curious, happy, excited or angry as a simple yet very effective translation to audiences.In terms of bringing this bizarre love story magically to life, renowned composer Alexandre Desplat, who I've been a long-time fan of, conducts a really hypnotising and wonderful score here that really sets and nails the romantic fantasy tone of the film. At times, hearing the score made me feel like this film transported me to the romantic city of Paris instead of being set in America. A truly mesmerising score that lends itself as an extra added character. Other accomplished cast members such as Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins and Michael Stuhlbarg all give excellent supportive performances to Hawkins' leading role but it's Michael Shannon as the main villain and real monster of the piece, who is truly on the same amazing par as Hawkins in terms of the highly impressive acting.I've seen Shannon play a few villainous roles in the past but never have I seen him play one as ruthless, detestable and sadistic as he does here in the role of Richard Strickland; a government official responsible for bringing in the creature into the lab in the first place, as he takes an immediate dislike to this Amphibian like God, torturing and bullying it with every chance he can get. As a character, Strickland is someone who is very controlled and loves being able to live by his own rules and regulations. It's only when things don't go his way and he can't get the answers he wants, that all Hell breaks loose and things start getting ugly. Shannon was the perfect actor to play this evil antagonist role and I can't think of anyone else right now who would have pulled it off just as well as he did.The best moments in the film are the scenes where Elisa and the creature are alone together. You really believe that they were destined to be together forever, the more they begin to understand one another. As their relationship grows the more times they're able to meet in secret, we begin to realise that the creature is a lot more intelligent than when we first see him appear. He too also responds well to sign language and communication, and particularly music. It soon becomes clear that both these characters are prisoners in a society that are too afraid to understand their motives and as a spectator, I wanted nothing more than to see these two break away free and live happily ever after.Not sure if my words did complete justice to what a stunning masterpiece The Shape of Water really is but I'm hoping it's convinced at least a few of you to see it on the big screen. There is literally nothing about this film that I didn't like. An entirely flawless and incredible piece of cinema. I'm thrilled that Guillermo Del Toro won the BAFTA award for Best Director as he totally, totally deserved it. I seriously urge you to see this wonderful and uplifting abstract movie if you still haven't yet. I'm already tempted to see it all over again.

Amazing cinematography, beautiful scenography, great music, directing, acting, lightning... where do I end? It is a great peace of art, Oscar worthy and one of the greatest movies ever made, in fact I can't come up with any one better right now, that's how great this movie is. Wow! Put it on a top shelf in the museum of cinematography and keep it there forever! Thank you.

Beautiful made - compelling love story - everything you want to see in theaters and more!

The Shape of Water is beautiful.
From the beginning to the end it just looks so beautiful. But beauty isn't worth anything if the rest of the package fails to submit.
About the writing: The Movie lacks a good plot. All you see here, has been done over and over again and again throughout the entire movie history. There is nothing new. All characters are plain and simple, easy to digest. The bad guy is a bad guy to bone, the good girl is a good girl to the bone. There are no large grey areas, conflicts or surprises.
About the overall plot. It's boring. It's really boring. Everything is so predictable, that I knew all that would come already before it would happen and that is kinda disappointing and sad.
I cannot recommend this movie, avoid it at best.

The Shape of Water tells the story of Elisa Esposito(Sally Hawkins). Elisa works as a janitor, at a classified research facility in America, during the Cold War. At the facility Elisa comes across a unique creature(Doug Jones), with whom she forms a strong bond. The Shape of Water is an awe-inspiring film. Director Guillermo del Toro has given us another unforgettable, unique & predominantly visual movie, after Pacific Rim(2013) & Crimson Peak(2015). del Toro is worthy of all the 'Best Director awards, he has been winning non-stop. The visual effects are flawless. Costume designer Luis Sequeira has done a fantastic job with Doug Jones'(who plays the Amphibian Man) body suit. The hauntingly beautiful score by Alexandre Desplat, deserves all the accolades it's receiving. The cinematography by Dan Laustsen & the production design by Paul D. Austerberry are two other strong points of the film. The performances are the highlight of the movie. Sally Hawkins is spectacular as Elisa Esposito. Hawkins masterfully portrays varied emotions, without uttering a single word. Michael Shannon gives the performance of a lifetime, as Richard Strickland. Richard Jenkins is amazing as Giles. Octavia Spencer is outstanding as Zelda Fuller. Michael Stuhlbarg is brilliant as Dr. Robert Hoffstetler. Doug Jones is awesome as the Amphibian Man. The supporting cast is great. The Shape of Water is a must watch. Go & believe in true love again!

This is perhaps the most visually stunning film I have ever seen. The topic it addresses is also highly provocative. I would have rated it 10 out of 10 except that I wouldn't recognize perfection if I saw it!

A mix between Beauty and the Best and the Help with a pinch of Pans Labyrinth story telling

REVIEW - THE SHAPE OF WATER Unable to perceive the shape of You, I find You all around me. Your presence fills my eyes with Your love, It humbles my heart, For You are everywhere.Suspend reality, at least for the time it takes to watch this truly magical film. Love, compassion, acceptance, loneliness, companionship, equals, none judgemental, greed, pride, stubbornness, loathing and lust.You will either love or hate this film and I absolutely loved it, one if not the best film! I now have another film to add to my favourites list.Recommended but I know you will either love or hate this film. Rating 10 out of 10

The Shape of Water (2017) was co-written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It stars Sally Hawkins as Elisa Esposito, Octavia Spencer as her best friend Zelda, Doug Jones as "Amphibian Man," and Michael Shannon as Richard Strickland, of "Security."In order to enjoy this movie, you have to suspend disbelief twice. First, you have to accept the concept that there's a large amphibian creature that has been captured by the army, and is chained inside a high-security military facility.Then, you have to accept the fact that Sally Hawkins isn't beautiful. Sally Hawkins is beautiful, but she's a good enough actor to carry off her role as a shy, mousey, mute woman. Elisa has a job as one of the janitorial staff at the facility. Naturally, she comes into contact with the creature, and communicates with him in sign language. All this is laid out in the first few minutes. After that, the plot proceeds.Hawkins is great, and so is Octavia Spencer. However, I give the acting honors to Michael Shannon. He embodies pure evil. He always carries a cattle prod with him, which he uses with pleasure whenever he can.Suspending belief, as I noted above, is required to enjoy the film. However, you have to suspend belief again, because, even by the internal rules of the film, some things didn't make sense. (That's why I didn't give the movie a rating of 10.) One very positive factor is that the Amphibian Man is an actor in an extremely effective costume. There's a human being inside that costume, and he can act!The Shape of Water has an extremely high IMDb rating of 8.2. Not everyone liked it however, including Margaret Anne. She would rate it 6. I gave it a 9.We saw the film at Rochester's wonderful Little Theatre. It will work almost as well on the small screen.P.S. Stay for the credits. You'll hear "You'll Never Know" sung by someone with an incredible voice. If you don't recognize the voice, try to guess.

Originally pitch as a remake of 1954's 'Creature from the Black Lagoon', in which the gill man whom be portray more sympathetic. Director Guillermo Del Toro hope for the project to be, greenlighted, in order to first capitalize on Universal cinematic 'Dark Universe' concept, as well, as tell & reflect on how he feels to be living in America as an isolate outcast immigrant; in a fish out of water, world, where he doesn't fit, their ideologies. However, the studio wouldn't let it happen, as 2017's 'The Mummy' would be chosen, in its place to lead the pack. Nevertheless, Del Toro was determined, and embark on making a similar movie, mostly on his own, with Fox Searchlight Pictures & TSG Entertainment help, call 'the Shape of Water'. Taking ideas, from many sources, ranging from novels like 1982's novel 'Mrs. Caliban' by author, Rachel Ingall, 1837's "The Little Mermaid' by Hans Christian Anderson & 1928's 'Amphibian Man' by author, Alexander Belyaev, to video games such as 2007's 'BioShock', to foreign movies like 2001's 'Amelie' to even themes from his previous films like 2004's 'Hell Boy' & 2006's 'Pan's Labyrinth'. Del Toro shape together a number of well-worn genres & turn them into a fantasy romance 'Beauty and the Beast' type story, in which, a mute woman, Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins) risk everything, in order to free, a captured amphibian creature (Doug Jones) from being killed in government high-security laboratory, for the sake of love. Without spoiling the movie, too much written by him, while the movie follow familiar formulas, and isn't as original as it could had been, the story still stands out, as something that is very entertaining & compelling to watch. To enhance, the film even more, Del Toro made the right decision in having the movie set in 1962, during the height of the Cold War. Seeing characters having to deal with casual and institutionalized racism, sexism, and homophobia throughout the story; really does raise the stakes; as well, give the audience, a sense of nostalgia awe to not only classic B-list horror movies, but yesteryear films in general & how they still very much, relate, to today's world. Much of this come from the dazzling use of music from composer, Alexandre Desplat, wonderful visuals/special effects, florid cinematography from Dan Laustsen, and art designs that range from the Gothic to steampunk style, locations and costumes, the sumptuous-looking film fully transports the viewer to another time and place, even if it's looks & sounds exceedingly silly at times. Nowhere is this more evident than in the film's most heartwarming sequence, a lavishly designed, 1936's 'Follow the Fleet'-style ballroom black & white dance number. Nevertheless, the movie did have some bigger jarring moments than that. One such thing, was the idea, that everybody that works at the lab, would had the security clearance to see the creature, even if they happen to be the help. It was really hard for me to suspense my disbelief, on that. After all, it seem really odd, that there was no 24/7 security surveillance cameras & armed guards watching at post near the room, for something, that is dealt, as a highly sought after, yet dangerous asset by the government agents. It seem too unrealistic. Another problem with the film is the pacing of the action. It really doesn't make any sense for any government agencies be willing to dissect a rare endangered animal, so earlier in arrival, nor does it add up, why Elisa to wait for so long, to release the Sea-God, back into the wild. After all, the Chesapeake Bay is really close by, regardless how deep, the canal, is. The sequences after the heist, felt, like nothing, but filler. Regardless of that, the underwater sequences are particularly elegant, and really shows, how the hardest of barriers can be broken into. Another cool thing, worth seeing is the use of the color: green. The color really does symbolizes the healing, each character has to take, in order to become better people. Nevertheless, some of the others visual sequences were a little kelted, such as the notorious sex scenes. I think, Del Toro could have told this unconventional love story without including the graphic nudity; and most of all, deprived of the clear implication of an interspecies sexual relationship, a lot better with the use of sexual connotation of eggs. Nevertheless, I do understand, those fans who love these sequences, as it does shows love-making of any kind even taboo in a positive, tasteful light. However, I never got the idea, that the amphibian man love Elisa, the same way, she sexually love him. It really felt like Elisa was taking advances on the defenseless creature with a child-like mind, due to her lack of sexual activities. It's almost as predatory & gross, as Colonel Strickland (Michael Shannon)'s advances toward her. It was a little off-putting. Look, as much as fans can spin it. It still bestiality, no matter, how they put it. If this film was about adult man screwing a defenseless sea turtle. Then, they would be, singing a different tune. Regardless of that, I like the fact that the lover's perspective never changed; even when face from biblical style threats, saying that what they're doing is sinful. I just wish, the relationship between sea being & Elisa was a little more developed. Nevertheless, Hawkins's portrayal of a mute, lonely, passionate janitor was very convincing. She is the heart of this movie and it simply wouldn't work as well, without her. As for Jones. His pantomime performance breathe life and humanity into this film's amphibian man; making it his most soulful, captivating creation yet. As for Shannon and Octavia Spencer, they gave solid support, along with Richard Jenkins as Giles, but neither performer is exactly covering new ground in their respective roles. In the end, 'Shape of Water' is still an incredible film, even with its many flaws. It's worth dipping into. So check it out!
