
Do I like musicals? Not really... but damn, 'La La Land' is a nostalgic, colourful, joyful marvel!Damien Chazelle gained international acclaim and recognition from his masterful drama 'Whiplash', what were the chances that he could pull off similar success two times in the row? Well, if 'La La Land' is anything to go by, then I'd say he did the job. With just three films under his belt as of 2016, Chazelle is slowly becoming the next big thing this movie industry has seen. His passion for classic movies and musicals is evident as he references and pulls influence from films like 'Singin' in the Rain', 'The Umbrellas of Cherborg' and even 'Rebel Without a Cause', the latter of which is one of my favourite films so seeing the nod to it was something I was pleased about.The chemistry between Gosling and Stone is strong to say the least, after two previous collaborations, their already-strong bond helped them become one of modern-day cinema's finest couples. The music is bouncy and toe-tapping catchy, the cinematography is utterly stunning with gorgeous colours and impressive long takes, and the locations sum up the American dream and the passion the characters hold for Los Angeles. 'La La Land' is by far one of the finest cinema experiences I have had in the past 5-10 years, and although this isn't a film I would typically enjoy (genre-wise), Chazelle has instead crafted one of my favourite films of this decade. A film I would recommend everyone see in the cinema to truly witness the CinemaScope magic.

The main characters in this Los Angeles romantic musical are Mia (Emma Stone), a coffee-shop employee with dreams of being an actress; and Sebastian (Ryan Gosling), a jazz pianist who aspires to open his own club that plays jazz like it was played in the good old days.At long last: a movie released during the 2016 awards season that actually lives up to the hype!Early in the film, there are two superb group musical numbers. The numbers that follow are more low-key relating only to the main characters but they are still well performed and executed.The stories of career struggle within the broader narrative are very believable. They include the hell of auditioning to people who are too busy plus the desire to maintain the purity of a great music genre (jazz) while too often being told it is "a dying art".Gosling takes a while to break into the role particularly where the singing is concerned but it's not long before he fits into the part quite nicely. Stone is superb throughout the film. She is even spot-on as an actress giving mediocre auditions. She's given a full range - and not just as a triple threat - and she fully lives up to the expectations especially during the song "Audition" near the end.There is something uniquely enjoyable about Hollywood portraying itself. The movie also gives nods to great classic musicals like "Singin' in the Rain", "Les Demoiselles de Rochefort", and "Les Parapluies de Cherbourg" all the while being unique and standing out on its own. In addition, the set designs and photography add further to the film's greatness.The reference to "Les Parapluies de Cherbourg" comes through strongly in the movie's final number. This scene is probably the best scene of any movie in 2016. It leaves one with so many mixed emotions and extreme on either side. The production number is magnificent while its mood is melancholy.The teaming of director/writer Damien Chazelle with musical composer Justin Hurwitz is one of the best matches since Jacques Demy and Michel Legrand in the 1960s.OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENTS:1) Directing by Damien Chazelle2) Acting by Emma Stone3) Music by Justin Hurwitz

Writer/Director Damien Chazelle, who already had a nice career going for him, explodes into the Bigtime with this delightful, mesmerizing, and completely unexpected ode to Tinseltown.The opening sequence (satirized on the Golden Globes) really does not do the rest of the film justice. It is as if the cast from the FAME remake grew up, had children of their own, and then those children hijacked the Santa Monica freeway to do a 10 minute flash-mob dance sequence.From that point on, the film is hypnotic.We segue to a love story as pure as anything since the great dramas of the 1940s. If the film had been in B&W, you would almost have expected to see Bette Davis in a 3-hankie tear jerker.Except for the musical interludes, of course, which are pitch perfect and totally wonderful.Gosling is surprising as a leading man expected to do song and dance, but he delivers the goods. Stone, who was supposed to be "the next big thing" after Easy A (2010), steals the film and possibly the hearts of the audience as well. The awards should flow like water, and she will deserve every one.As I said, deep in the DNA this is an ode to Hollywood. The film industry has always had issues with endings -- back in the day they would film several different endings per picture -- and then decide at the last minute which to use. Here Chazelle pays homage to that by giving us an alternate ending, along with the "real" ending, along with a closing sequence designed to remind everyone that nothing in Hollywood is actually real, but everything still can be really fun.Destined to be a classic. Recommended.

The last time, I felt like this, in a cinema, I was six years old and I was watching Star Wars. I never imagined, I would ever find that feeling again in a cinema. That sense of being transported to another world. The opening sequence took my breath away and I never got it back. Not even at the end - which left my head spinning. It is a beautiful film with soul, wit, charm, style and love. It is simply outrageous! Bold and fantastic and fantastical. I am a straight man but my love for Ryan Gosling could change all that. He's a melancholy genius and Emma Stone is our muse. This film defies genre. It is a masterpiece. I urge you to see it. I was lucky enough to see it at the BFI London Film Festvial. It has been five days since I saw La La Land and I am still thinking about it and singing the haunting refrain that plays with your soul. I mean it gets in there - that music - the music of the firmament. Flying still, dreaming still... thank you Damien.

Damien Chazelle is a young director who loves and knows movies, from Federico Fellini to Jacques Demy. Hallellujah! Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone go back to inspire us forward. What's more surprising than anything else is the feel of amateurishness in the dancing in the singing. So refreshing not to have a sleek but empty experience. Damian Chazelle' Whiplash was a brilliant preview of forthcoming attractions. I would love to see a thriller directed by Chazelle, something like Shadow Of A Doubt or even a glossy damsel in distress story like Midnight Lace. That's what happens when we discover a new and startling talent. You want to see him do everything. I have a feeling this young artist will.

I was interested in seeing this film because not only am I a sucker for a good musical, but I'll admit to being a big fan of Ryan Gosling and I was intrigued to see what the director of Whiplash would do with a musical picture to make it fresh and unique. So when I had the chance to see a late-planned viewing at the London Film Festival, I jumped at the chance (FYI, Ryan Gosling came to the screening as a surprise post- film Q&A attendee despite not appearing at the Headline Gala the night before so I was chuffed!)The premise of the story is that Stone is a young actress who has moved to LA to wait tables while auditioning to try and 'make it', while Gosling is a jazz purist ("Anyone who doesn't like jazz just doesn't have the right...context", he insists) who plays the piano in bars to make a living and dreams of opening his own Jazz bar. Or to put it succinctly - "Two young artists meet and fall in love while chasing their dreams". The musical flows thematically from first love to heartbreak and every other emotion between, with great music throughout.The most impressive thing about the film, for me, is just how daringly it dances between the old-fashioned "Singing' In The Rain" style of musical, and a bolder, modern style. The song numbers are great (the opening number received a round of applause in my viewing) and are an undoubted homage to classic musicals - a thoughtful mixture of old school dance numbers you'd expect from a musical in the 50s, and emotionally-wrenching ballads that hit you where it hurts; there is one particular sequence toward the end of the film which is a real gut-punch. Stylistically the film skirts this same line; the film again looks and acts like a classic musical but frequently we see low-key reminders that this is modern day; actresses using their iPhones, a video being seen on Youtube, etc to remind us that this is set in the present day. If we didn't have these reminders, the visuals would almost have you thinking that this is the 1950s. The cinematography is beautiful and overall the film is visually stunning. There is also no doubt that it is wonderfully directed, with the same masterful control of pace and tension that we come to expect from Damien Chazelle thanks to Whiplash.Gosling in particular is absolutely terrific, with a typically sardonic wit throughout. At the start of the film when his sister says she's worried about him as life seems to have him on the ropes, he responds "I wanna be on the ropes. I'm just letting life think it has me and then before you know it - BAM. It's a classic rope-a-dope". His delivery of these sorts of lines can't be matched, and it's easy to see why the producers said in the post-film Q&A that he was the person they wanted for the role in their wildest dreams. It's a role made for him with tons more of the above kind of lines. But more than that, Gosling captures a real emotional intensity at the film's emotional breaking points, more specifically in the sequence towards the end of the film that I mentioned earlier. He manages to convey such convincing emotion without so much as a word.I'd feel bad if I didn't also praise Emma Stone, who has probably never been better. She has wonderful emotional range, from the ecstatic highs of love to the tearful, painful lows. In terms of the Gosling/Stone films, this is by far the best. Their undoubted chemistry is given the full spotlight in this film with freedom to explore said chemistry without restriction. The film is ultimately everything it had the potential to be - an unashamedly romantic musical, infused not only with great song and dance numbers but with intense emotion and charisma from Gosling/Stone, wonderful visuals and a unique pacing and tension from Chazelle. Oh, and it's hilarious throughout too. A genuine achievement - must be one of the best films I've seen in a long while. I'm annoyed I'll have to wait so long to see it again, frankly.Will surely win multiple Oscars and other awards.

When I first saw the trailer for La La Land my expectations were set high. The excellent cast, the music and an exciting new director/writer were enough to get me in the door. I'm always a bit hesitant when it comes to filmed musicals.. Will it be stagy, stilted and awkward? Not in this case. Damien Chazelle has made a wonderfully cinematic and loving ode to the dreamers and artists of the world. Having lived in LA and worked on both sides of the camera I can relate to much of this film's endearing observations, trials and tribulations; but anyone who's ever yearned for what seems impossible and searched for true love will also easily connect with this film's gargantuan heart. I'm a self proclaimed total movie snob not easily pleased by much of what I see, but La La Land gave me all the feels and more. I cannot recommend this film enough. It's the kind of film you leave and you don't want the buzz, the tickle, the movie-high to end. I can't wait to see it again when it's in wide release. The artist in me is inspired again.

A little film. Not sure whether you might have heard of it yet? Damien Chazelle has followed up his astonishingly proficient "Whiplash" – my top film of 2015 – with a sure-fire theatre-filler in "La La Land". The old- fashioned musical extravaganza is back, and back with style!"La La Land" tells the bittersweet love story of Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) who first meet in an LA traffic jam but then get thrown together by chance (LA is such a small place after all!). Over the course of the next four seasons romance blossoms. Mia is a struggling actress bouncing from audition to audition in a hopeless attempt to break through in LA's tough movie business. She makes ends meet as a Barista on the Warner Brother's lot. Meanwhile Sebastian is on a mission of his own: a talented musician, he is trying to restore jazz to the main stage (something the film's soundtrack will undoubtedly help do!) by opening his own classic jazz bar. As both strive for success on their own terms can love survive to deliver us the classic 'Hollywood ending'? The film is technically astonishing, with clever continuous shots of the "Birdman" variety and masterly cinematography (by Linus Sandgren of "Joy" and "American Hustle"). The lighting team in particular is superb: a case in point is Mia's 'in-Seine' (sic) song, with breathtaking fades of the background to darkness, a camera whizz-around the actress for effect and then a brilliant fade back to reality. Loved it. Overall, there are enough similar moments in the film to make cinema-lovers like me gasp with delight.There's a curious timelessness about the piece which is surely deliberate. Whilst there are obvious and non-apologetic throwbacks to the classic musicals of the 50's like "West Side Story" and "Singin' in the Rain" and references to "Casablanca" and "Rebel without a Cause", there is also a 60's vibe to the 'girls getting ready' sequence; an 80's A-ha cover thrown in at a pool party; and a Californian Prius obsession that is surely more 'noughties' than current. Most curiously, while everyone has smartphones no one seems to text anyone to announce changes to plans: the film is almost distancing itself from much of modern life.In the acting stakes Emma Stone again shines like a beacon. She is just magnetic on the screen: (tiny spoiler) the biggest plot hole in the film is why on earth she wasn't given the part for her first audition! I was disappointed she didn't win the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for "Birdman" in the "87th Awards" (she lost out to Patricia Arquette for "Boyhood"): but she just keeps getting better and Better and BETTER. Ryan Gosling's confident and cocky turn also radiates charisma: in particular, it is astonishing that Gosling could play "only a few chords" on the piano before training for the film. A confidence boost for struggling piano learners everywhere. It is actually difficult to imagine two better actors for the roles. (Emma Watson allegedly turned it down for "Beauty and the Beast": something she might be kicking herself for!) Are they both the best singers and dancers when compared to Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, Debbie Reynolds (R.I.P.) or Cyd Charisse? No, undoubtedly not, but they have an undeniable charm all of their own. (Perhaps we will see the ilk of the great hoofers and crooners rise again with a resurgence in the classic musical. Can Hollywood take a hint?) The big question: now that both Stone and Gosling have won Golden Globes for acting in the "Comedy or Musical" category, can they convert that to Oscar glory where there is a single category in play? I'd like to think so. It's also great to see proper movie-making taking place in the Hollywood studios again: during my recent visits to LA there seemed to be little other than TV work going on in the main studio complexes there (although its worth pointing out that for this film not all of the filming was actually done on the Warner Brothers lot). Musicals are clearly measured by the quality of the music, and Justin Hurwitz ("Whiplash") has produced a gem with – notwithstanding the jazz numbers and a catchy little pop number from John Legend – merely a handful of simple but unforgettable melodies that recur in different variations throughout the film. The soundtrack is already in my Amazon library and uplifting my mood on what is a damp and dreary Monday here in the UK.Damien Chazelle has delivered a triumph in both direction and original script. There is really very little I can fault the film on. In what was the somewhat patchy Coen brothers offering from last year – "Hail Caesar" – there was a standout moment of a throwback song and dance number with Channing Tatum that I raved about (you can find it on youtube). If I was being picky, then this tantalizing snippet would be a better representation of the style and vim of the original genre – – with the exception of the opening number, few of the song and dance numbers in "La La Land" quite get to that "Broadway Melody" level of scale and energy. This, together with a few concerns about the pacing in some places, led me to rate this as a 4.5 on first viewing.However on now seeing it twice within 36 hours, it's got me well and truly under its spell! I normally emotionally resist films that arrive with excessive hype but, in this case I give in. 10/10.(For the graphical version of this review, visit bob-the-movie-man.com).

La La Land is a triumph on so many levels. It hooks you from the beginning with its big opening number on the highway and has your heart fluttering in the club at the end. Damien Chazelle has proved himself to be one of the most talented directors/screenwriters in film right now.The film gets you with its charm. It flows from the dialogue like poetry. The chemistry between Stone and Gosling makes the film livelier. Stone has slowly shown herself as a force to be reckon with in Hollywood and now Gosling has join the ranks after his stellar performance as the jazz pianist who's main dream is watch jazz live on. Stone is a wanna be actress who can't find her way. Together, they thrive off each other's love and support as they try to accomplish their goals together. Each have a chance at their first Oscar gold.What else helps is a beautiful score and extremely well written songs. I found myself humming "City of Stars" all night long, already saving the soundtrack on every music platform I could. The music and dance numbers are a perfect blend of Gene Kelly musicals and more contemporary stuff like Chicago. The production design helps with this with bright, vivid colors abound from the walls of a passing building to Emma Stone's dress. A charming film only works when all cylinders click. This one was clockwork.Like Whiplash, the editing is superb, timing well with the score, making it very appealing to the eye. But the cinematography was mind blowing. Able to capture those big production numbers with long swift cuts made it very astonishing. Not a moment seemed overlooked or underdeveloped. Each scene was extremely well thought out to cause the biggest "awe" effect, or to provide strong symbolism. But the ending is what can really make or break a movie. This one makes it 10x better. It goes away from the predictable musical ending while wrapping up the movie in fellow swoop, opening the audiences' eyes to the entire meaning of the story, beyond the theme of follow your dreams. The idea that dreams are possible when you are willing to strive for them, but life isn't your own la la land. Everything does not end perfectly.When combining all these elements together, you get one of, if not the best film of the year. In a year where things became bitter, this really ends the year on a high note. Cheers to the dreamers, the men and women behind the making of this musical classic.

I love musicals, but I must have missed the stand in the theater where they were handing our the kool-aid for this one. Based on the hype, I had high expectations. I went in thinking "La La Land" would be like "An American in Paris" or "The Bandwagon," but once it started I realized it was more like "One From the Heart," or "Everyone Says I Love You," although both of those dismal failures had better music. In this film, Ryan Gosling plays a supercilious piano-playing bore who endlessly pontificates about "jazz." Emma Stone plays his vapid love interest, a star-struck barista who thinks she should be a movie star because she has a home filled with movie posters and her aunt once showed her "Casablanca." Once these two ciphers meet, the audience is subjected the kind of dreary conversation one flees from in real life.The musical score is deeply uninteresting. Emma and Ryan's hilltop dance is supposed to be reminiscent of Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse/Ginger Rogers, but comes closer to Teri Garr and Raul Julia in the aforementioned Coppola disaster. By the way, the film completely fails to capture L.A. in any way.Kudos to Emma and Ryan for trying to sing and dance, unfortunately proving that it takes MORE talent than they or most other Hollywood celebrities have to perform in a musical. However, I think that Damien Chazelle should be prevented from ever making another film musical. If you insist on subjecting yourself to an excruciatingly bad musical, try "The Apple," which is a lot more fun and has better music. To check out good-to-great musicals, see the movies that "inspired" La La Land--the RKO Fred & Ginger movies and the MGM musicals from the 30's through 50"s. Even the recent straight-to-video "Lucky Stiff" leaves "La La Land" in the dust.

Wow, I just cannot believe all the accolades this movie is getting. The only reason why it must be getting all these awards is that is is a movie about Hollywood, and Hollywood loves itself very much. The acting is vapid, the dancing mediocre, the songs forgettable, the singing abysmal. Everyone sounds like a bad choir audition-- weak, breathy, without focus or "ring". No legit Broadway-style singing technique. I cannot imagine what real Broadway singers and dancers must be thinking about this travesty.I think it must be an exercise in navel-gazing, as the awards bodies see themselves in these two characters. Haven't they all struggled to get auditions? Haven't they all had screen tests? Haven't they all tried to "make it" in Hollywood? of course they have. The awards givers like looking at themselves in the mirror. Personally I do not like what they see. Don't bother wasting your energy, or you will quit halfway through, as I did. 0 out of 10.

I was greatly looking forward to this movie.I had read many reviews and  they all seemed very positive.In fact when I read my newspaper's  critique is was given 4/4 which is unusual. How let down I am. This was  the worst movie I have seen this year.And we saw it in a VIP theatre.It  was so slow moving that I felt myself falling asleep. I kept looking at  my watch saying "only another 1/2 hour." Ryan Gosling cannot really  sing & dance.And Emma Stone may be very photogenic & a good actress but  she also is not much of a singer/dancer.There are wonderful musicals  such as The amazing "West Side Story",the wonderful "Grease' Chicago  was terrific to watch also as well as "Hairspray" with Jennifer Hudson  & 'Mama Mia" with Meryl Streep.But this mess was a dud. The plot was  simple but its execution was a dismal failure.I cannot figure out all  the accolades this movie is getting from the Golden Globes,critics,&  user reviews. A few hours after this film,I cant really remember  anything worthwhile.Do not waste your money on this film whatever the  critics say.It is boring,non believable,& you wont really care about  the characters.

What is everyone in this film singing and dancing about? Our story starts off in a traffic jam on a freeway and suddenly everyone does a song and dance number that sets the tone that this film is a colorful original musical about ambitious young people who pursue their dreams in LA. The opening musical number is painful to watch but I assume the story will improve.Our central characters are an actress who aspires to be a famous movie star and a musician who aspires to be a moody jazz pianist. She falls in love with him when she first hears him play his music. He falls in love with her as they begin to date and explore Hollywood. They soon trip head over heals in love and as if by magic they dance with bliss along the milky way. The only problem is - she soon reveals that she does not understand what is so great about jazz. (Wait - I thought she loved his music when she first heard him play?) So he explains the history of jazz and the poetry of the musician. That seems good enough and they continue their starry eyed romance. But her auditions are a bust. No work. Nothing changes. She has to write a one woman play to perform to demonstrate her craft. Yet he lands an opportunity to perform in a big band - the only problem is the music will be more upbeat pop funk jazz hybrid that will make him pretty good money but also take him away from his dreams to be the moody jazz pianist. He sells out to get work - and she stays true to herself and finds no work. This creates a schism and they have a very corny argument about creative direction. He does not understand what is wrong with him making money and traveling and being famous even if he truly knows that it sells out his dreams. She does not understand why she cannot get work even though she stays true to her dreams - and when her one woman show is a dud she decides to quit her dreams and move back home. Our dashing hero feels awful and soon learns that she has one final audition that awaits and so he drives to her home in Nevada to tell her that she must return for one final audition. They travel back to LA - she sings at her audition - and she gets the role. Both have their own careers now - so they split up. Five years later - she is a famous movie star married with children and he has his own jazz club where he lives his dreams as a moody jazz pianist. One night by happenstance - she stumbles into the club and finds him. He plays a solo piano song and she has a dream where their entire love affair is relived only all the choices which led to their separation are made differently and they stay together and have a family and discover their dreams as a couple. Suddenly, she understands what his words meant so long ago - about the history of jazz - the poetry of the musician - now everything comes full circle - and they have a longing final glance. This is all cool - don't get me wrong. But the story itself has been told so many times its clichés are even clichéd. The songs and dialogue are very uneven and at times the film is incoherently stupid. Really - do young couples talk about why they would sell out their dreams to make thousands of dollars a month? Also, the big red flag with the story is that the music simply is not very good. There is not one memorable song or dance in the entire film! Mostly the lights and costumes replace any real choreography or musical number with a unique visual cue. Also, Ryan Gosling is poorly cast as a jazz pianist. It just does not feel real at all that Gosling is so, so sad in LA with his poor dreams of being a jazz pianist so hard to recognize as he dates lovely women.What exactly is the purpose of this film? What was everyone singing and dancing about? Do we live in a world where people can fly down to LA and pursue their dreams with a shot like yesteryear? Or do we live in a world where educational alliances, corporate oligarchy, family connections, and the occasional marriage - determine who gets to shine in the lights? Are we as a people supposed to rejoice that the song and dance of old Hollywood musicals had a tribute film made just in time for the Oscar season? I dunno - this movie does have some strong moments in the script - and it does have some good acting - costumes - and lights - but I just think it's corny and I could not care less.

This film will disappoint you. Here are the reasons why:1. Its apparently supposed to be a movie musical, yet BOTH RYAN GOSLING AND EMMA STONE ARE BELOW AVERAGE SINGERS. I couldn't quite get past this point. It is astonishing that two below par singers could be casted in a movie musical? It is a heavy contradiction to the genre of film it attempts to portray.2. Both RYAN GOSLING AND EMMA STONE ARE BELOW AVERAGE DANCERS. Similar to the singing complaint, i was unable to be captivated and fully immerse myself in the movie/musical 'magic' because i was too busy cringing at their dance performance.3. The STORYLINE WAS NOT CAPTIVATING. Boy meets girl, girl meets boy, because of respective careers they don't end up together? Fin4. THE STORYLINE WENT FLAT IN THE MIDDLE. The middle of the film dragged, for obvious reasons which is that the story line was to weak to maintain the intensity.5. RYAN GOSLING'S CHARACTER IS ACTUALLY VERY ANNOYING A jazz fanatic that forces it down everybody's throat, including the girl he is dating. He was superior to others because of his love for jazz. He thrust jazz upon her, and because of that i never really for once believed in the film that she had organically grown to love jazz as her love for him also developed. Instead it seemed as if she had to pretend to like jazz as a pre- condition to their relationship.6. The HYPE AROUND THIS FILM DOES NOT MATCH THE QUALITY OF THE FILM The expectations were simply way to high for this average film. I mean, it has 8.6 on IMDb for goodness sake!!Although it is subjective, in my opinion, this film comes nowhere close to a great film or musical. In conclusion, shame on 'Hollywood' and so many once respected critics endorsing this film as one of, if not the 'greatest musicals' of all time. Furthermore, shame on movie lovers and society in general not having the balls to suggest the clear truth which is that this is clearly a very average film at best. Big Shame!

A old couple left 30 minutes in. I couldn't understand the music, I couldn't hear the lyrics. Ryan Gosling's character was a dick for 90% of the movie. He is a good actor, but my goodness his character is an ass hat. The story to me was blah. It was like I've see this story told before just differently. Emma Stone is amazing. I definitely enjoyed her more than Ryan's character, but that honestly isn't too hard. The movie seemed pretentious and over rated as a whole. It was just Hollywood getting off on Hollywood. Imagine if Hollywood was a person and cloned themselves. Then Hollywood starts sucking Hollywoods dick. There, that's most of the story. White man tries to save jazz. I did enjoy the visuals, editing, colours and dancing. So it was nice to look at, I'll give it that. But the story to me was under whelming.

Sorry but I grew up living and loving musicals but this is tripe. None of the "stars" are of the expected style or standard. The story is grotesquely poor and without logic. Gosling is pathetic, I kept wanting someone to slam the keyboard cover down on his hands, Stones voice left me praying for a good dose of pharyngitis. In short neither can sing or dance yet the Hollywood promo machine keep telling us how great it is and people believe it. In short i wasted 2 hours, 7 minutes and 3 seconds of my life. For our Australian summer releases it rates nearly as bad as Passengers.Don't bother wasting the ticket money.

Well done the marketing department for creating a buzz around this film. The first comments I read in the newspapers said this was an uplifting life affirming experience. So how come my husband and I left the cinema feeling thoroughly depressed with the ending. The film was slow, boring and didn't have much to say. The opening sequence looked promising but turned out to be an unconnected piece of entertainment that wasn't repeated in the movie. It was left to Stone and Gosling to stumble along with short bits of dancing and very shaky vocals. Didn't detect any magical reaction from the audience who shuffled out in silence. Don't believe the hype this is a just OK film probably a 5.4 rating would be nearer the truth.

**Big SPOILER ALERT** Was looking forward to this film, but had to watch in agony from its beginning as a Pepsi commercial to its ending as a Coca Cola commercial. Shocking that this pallid film is being feted for something it is not. Emma Stone, someone who is hard to watch in long extreme closeups throughout the film and Ryan Gosling exhibit no charisma or charm. Their dancing tries to be cute and romantic but is clumsy. The music is dirge-like and not uplifting. The producers should have used more professional musical performers, ones who can inspire when they sing and/or dance. Gosling talks about jazz throughout the film, but we hardly hear any good jazz, especially not the jazz greats he talks about. So how are we to know what is the great jazz that inspired him? His friend says "Jazz is the future." But in reality it's the present, being created as it's played. All of a sudden, Stone, the aspiring actress who shows no acting talent whatsoever, decides to become a playwright without showing any ability or work, except for having an apartment covered with photos of classic movie stars. The banal dialogue, superficial characters and overly long scenes are embarrassments. Stone comes into her old coffee shop and asks for two iced coffees. Immediately a guy standing there puts down a tray with two iced coffees in front of her. Glaring continuity problem there. Throughout the film in almost every scene there is nary a person who is over thirty. The casting people never cared to hire people who reflected the real world, fantasy or not. If the music had been tuneful and clever, the film would be somewhat better. As it is it is dull. he characters exist in a vacuum with no backstory. Only interesting aspect to this film is some of the recognizable Hollywood locations, but locations do not a film make. If anyone still watches the self-aggrandizing Academy Awards, it will be cringe-worthy if this film wins any awards except for production manager or art director. It's a sad state of affairs that this film is considered in high esteem. That accolade belongs to "Singin' in the Rain," "The Band Wagon," "Gigi," "Oklahoma,""South Pacific," "Top Hat,""Wizard of Oz," and films by Astaire, Kelly, Powell, Miller, Charisse, Garland, Crosby, Sinatra, Grable, Keel, and all the great stars who truly were musical comedy class acts. Their talents made even B films a joy to watch.

While looking forward to seeing this film but having no real expectations, the film was excruciatingly painful to sit through and I like musicals. Being a former film student,I found this film slow, boring, uneventful and at least an hour too long with unappealing characters. At a point in the film, Ryan Gosling's character looks out over L.A. and says "not much to look at". I said to my wife, "my thoughts exactly" (referring to the film-not L.A.). This made musicals like 'Lost Horizon' and 'At Long Last Love' look like cinematic greatness (and I enjoyed those). They certainly don't make them like they used to.

I'm sorry but I just don't get the adulation for this very bland, very boring musical. I watched it with a lot of anticipation with my partner and both she and I were bored enough to consider giving up.The opening sequence was like a James Bond opening sequence. It had nothing to do with the actual film and was the best part.I'm a very big musical fan and it's difficult to think of one I haven't seen. This one has an original score and isn't a film version of a Broadway musical so should not be compared too closely to films like Mamma Mia or Les Miserables but can be compared to Singing in The Rain, High Society and to a certain extent Sound of Music, My Fair Lady, Cabaret, etc., which were produced in an age where Theatregoing was a rich persons pastime.In every comparison, this film fails. The music is insipid and totally forgettable. The acting is OK but the main characters dancing would not have got them past week two of Strictly Come Dancing. The biggest fault with the movie is the complete lack of supporting actors to flesh out the story. The two main characters are just not strong enough to carry the movie for more than two hours without help. I'm talking about actors like Anne Hathaway (Les Mis.), Joel Grey (Cabaret), Stockard Channing (Grease), George Chakiris (West Side Story), Donald O'Conner (Singing In The Rain). The list goes on and on. In this film all we got were cameos by John Legend and a totally wasted J K Simmons (would love to have seen him sing and dance!!).So! Sorry for being a spoilsport but I just cannot see what all the fuss is about

I went to this film with the expectation that I would be seeing a 'modern musical with a nostalgic twist'. This expectation was delivered but generally in a mediocre way. The much touted opening number was a technically accomplished cinematographic feat but the setting and choreography was rather bland and boring (I struggled to hear and care about the song for this number).I found the 'repartee' between the two leads was a bit mumbled and not particularly witty or fun. The dancing was very average and the songs and singing unmemorable (Mia and Seb's theme was bland and not what you would expect a jazz enthusiast to come up with). Apart from the two leads, there were no other memorable characters or performances.There was never a moment when I felt joy watching any of the scenes, which I suppose was the reason why I was most disappointed with the film.A few interesting LA landmarks were showcased in the film but, again, the interesting settings were not really exploited by the choreography. For example, Mia and/or Seb could have danced on the round balcony at the observatory (what you would have expected a Fred or Gene to have done). If this was not allowed on the real balcony, the balcony could have been re-created on a set.Ryan Gosling did not convey any great passion for either jazz or Mia, most of his facial expressions made it seem that he was a martyr to mild indigestion. He spoke a lot about his passions but you need to show this cinematically.I enjoyed Emma Stone's performance much more. Some of her audition scenes were good and her performance of her last audition song was good (I thought the song itself was just OK).To summarize, one of the few films that I was tempted to walk out on (but I was in the middle of a row), and one that I will never be tempted to watch again.

Tone of the movie wavers between serious and quirky, never making a definitive choice; as such it succeeds at neither. Far too many "homages" to other movies to stand on its own. Tries to play on LA stereotypes, but the commentary on them only comes across as "making sure each cliché is thrown in the movie somewhere," thereby ensuring that the movie itself exemplifies the most prevalent LA stereotype: style over substance. Liked the "alternate reality" sequence if only for the fact that it was the one moment in the movie where it tried to say something interesting about life and because I could pretend to be in some other reality where I wasn't watching this movie.

You know when you're watching a film that you just don't want to end, and when it does end you feel as if you could watch it all over again right there and then? I had that feeling with La La Land, the new film from Damien Chazelle, who blew us all away with Whiplash a few years ago.With La La Land, Chazelle has made an irresistible musical comedy-drama that serves up a real delight for the eyes and ears. If you haven't heard of this film yet (where have you been?), I'm sure you will do in the coming months.Mia Dolan (Emma Stone) is an aspiring actress serving coffees to film stars while Sebastian Wilder (Ryan Gosling) is a jazz pianist playing a small time bar to make ends meet. The two meet and fall in love but it's their dreams of success that soon threaten to tear them apart.The most striking thing about La La Land is just how beautifully crafted a film it is; the story, performances, music, dance numbers and cinematography all playing their part in making this such an unforgettable cinematic experience. I genuinely can't find one single fault in this film.Chazelle proves yet again just how mature he is for such a young filmmaker, writing and directing such a touching and often funny love story with a meticulous energy. The whole feel of the film is a throwback to the golden age of musicals, a decision a lot of filmmakers would have been too scared to make yet the pay off is massively satisfying. The gorgeous cinematography from Linus Sandgren brings the city of Los Angeles to life, awash with colour, while his swift camera-work, including some impressive long takes, in particular through the dance numbers, immerses the audience right in the middle of this dreamlike musical.Coming to the performances, La La Land features two superb lead performances from Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, both giving arguably their best performance to date. Gosling has really grown on me as an actor, maturing into one of the best in the business today. He proved earlier this year that he has a knack for comedy in The Nice Guys and he proves it yet again here. Stone always manages to impress me and she is dazzling in La La Land, singing and dancing her way into our hearts. The pair share an undeniable chemistry and I would love to see them both get the recognition they deserve come awards season.Justin Hurwitz's score and the original songs in La La Land, along with the wonderfully choreographed dance sequences, including a great opening number that sets the tone for the rest of the film, heighten the film's level of originality, maintaining that energy Chapelle's films possess.I dare you to try and not fall in love with La La Land. I fell in love with it and I'm sure many more will do so too.

I just wasted 2 hours of my life watching this movie. I expected the best, but only got some songs and the worst ending ever. I liked the cast but the movie just wasn't good enough for me. Personally I like happy endings, this was nothing like it...I don't recommend.

I saw this movie on the airplane and it was so boring, it wasn't the dancing that was boring or the singing but the script. The movie just dragged on with no real story to follow. The dancing was o.k. the singing was o.k. but the story was not there, I finally ended up changing movies because after a hour or more it should have plot or some sort of goal. It was just a sorry guy with no motive and girl who been hurt and gets more hurt and after that I lost interest, too bad it seemed like a promising movie but the script was just a very sorry story and boring.

An observatory, a boulevard, a bridge, a downtown trolley, all make up filming locations of the new film "La La Land". These locations are iconic, yet remain unnamed throughout the film. The sum of these locations create the city of Los Angeles. Any meaningful production is a sum of its cast members and in the case of "La La Land" there is no difference. Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) come together to create a wonderful production, but a lesser known yet ever present cast member is the city itself. Throughout the epic musical sequences, the city in its whole is either visible or represented by its historic street lights. Some might argue that the city is a backdrop to the songs and dancing of Sebastian and Mia but the city itself takes center stage with the vibrancy of a leading man. It lends its beauty to be danced upon by Sebastian and Mia without relinquishing its hold as being the center of attention. Mia being a minor actress in Hollywood goes to casting calls where those auditioning look the same. This image of Hollywood conformity lends itself to the character of Sebastian who has to change his performance identity much in the same way Mia has done in order to fit in and make a living in the beast that is Hollywood. With this being said the performances of Mia and Sebastian are one of a kind, lending itself to a sort of fantasy adaptation of falling in love. The imagery of the film stops at nothing to convey the idea of love and the concept of a soulmate, while the business aspects of Hollywood coupled with the necessity of survival keeps the two characters at odds. The film represents a city, a city that often times is at odds with itself; a city that identifies talent based on familiarity rather than the unique and often overlooked aspects that create it. Ultimately "La La Land" is a story about conforming and not conforming and the gains that can be had in between. LA is marketed as the land of dreams, yet is often overlooked and stacked on a pile of dreams that will never come to fruition. The film explores the idea of "what if", and tackles the idea of a working Hollywood versus a Hollywood where the idea of art is paramount. "La La Land" focuses on the idea of money versus art, and shows that nobel aspects of creativity are often ignored to focus on the monetary aspects of the industry while leaving behind the very art that drove them in the first place. The movie is very much paced in the realm of Hollywood where the cadence of the film is action packed with all the fervor of a young person entering Hollywood for the first time, yet as Mia and Sebastian learn the inter-workings of Hollywood the film slows down to reflect the realities that are faced when having to juggle income and art. "La La Land" reignites a fire that has been lost from a Hollywood that is so focused on relaunches and reboots. It's refreshing to see a totally unique film, especially one that grasps the nature of Hollywood and Los Angeles in such an unconventional way. The singing, the dancing and cinematography move in perfect concert to give the appearance of something larger than life. The long musical sequences often border on the surreal, taking the shape of a wonderful dream with dance numbers in the clouds and in the stars. Yet at times the pacing of the film seems to trail off to a point of being boring, this is quickly remedied, but remains an aspect that should be looked at in editing. Watching "La La Land" is like being awake during a wondrous dream, there is something unique and magical about the chemistry between Mia and Sebastian as well as the visuals of Los Angeles that surround them. As he sits at his piano, Sebastian sweetly and softly sings Mia a love song, a powerful couple of lines that represent love, art and life. "City of Stars, are you shining just for me, City of Stars there so much that I can see, Who knows is this the start of something wonderful and new, Or one more dream that I cannot make true." With "La La Land" a dream has come true, and made its way onto the big screen.

The new Hollywood musical with the intriguing title "La-La-Land one of the most talked about motion pictures in recent years with two of Hollywood's most attractive and popular younger generation stars, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, can best be summed up in a single three syllable word ~~. PA-THE-TIC!-- Gosling, in spite of a name that makes one think of goose liver, is indeed quite handsome in the traditional Hollywood leading man mold, but when it comes to acting or personality he is no Cary Grant or Jimmy Dean, and as far as dancing goes he couldn't carry the jock strap of either Gene Kelly or Fred Astaire. His love interest and dancing partner, Emma Stone, a lissome (skinny) redhead with gigantic blue eyes, and no breasts to speak of, is a much better dancer, and generally a far better actor, but seems to have aged considerably since her extraordinarily vivid interpretation of a sexy young college co-ed in love with her murderous philosophy prof in Woody Allen's "Irrational Man" just two years ago. In this picture she is in facial closeup much of the time but looks haggard, worn, and older than she is supposed to according to the story. The dance numbers seem to be an attempt at a homage to Astaire and Ginger Rogers in slow motion, but they are so badly set and choreographed that after a while they just become annoying. One particular Gosling Stone duet set in the L.A. Planetarium is so ridiculous with them antigravitationally traipsing on thin air against a galaxy of stars that it is downright embarrassing. The young lovers are clearly meant for. each other but their divergent career dreams and aspirations, she as an actress he as a Charley Parker type serious jazz musician, keep them apart in the wake of arbitrary script manipulations that seem so phony you get the feeling the actors had to keep asking themselves, "Hold on a sec --what were we supposed to be doing in that last scene?" Pathetic scripting, pathetic unmotivated dance scenes arbitrarily inserted, then ineptly executed -- pathetic unfocused direction - no wonder Mia (Stone) and Sebastian (Gosling) have such pained expressions on their pretty faces all the time. I actually felt sorry for Emma in some scenes suspecting that she may have been physically unwell while going through the motions. I kept looking at my watch wondering if this thing was ever going to end. The running time was 128 minutes but it felt more like five hours. The final credits with handsome art-deco lettering were a great relief when they finally came up and put this picture out if its misery. No more Damien Chazelle for me. He also directed another sado-masochistic abomination entitled "Whiplash". Give me Mondo Cane ... Bottom line: A film almost as dopey as its dumbbell La-dee-da title.

My summary basically says it all. I had so been looking forward to seeing this movie particularly as l love musicals - but am sad to say that I was hugely disappointed. It started brightly enough with the traffic jam dance scene - but from there on in it was all downhill for me. I felt the whole film was terribly disjointed and it felt like they were trying too hard to recreate the magical musicals of years gone by. The singing was poor - and the 'dancing' - if you could call it that - equally uninspiring. Some reviewers have even gushed about this being one of the 'greatest musicals' of all-time. What?? Have they never seen West Side Story, Grease, or any of the old Hollywood greats? Obviously no, otherwise they would never have made such a stupid statement. For me this was 2 hours of ZZzzzzz.

I struggled to keep awake during the movie - and that is not how a good film is supposed to be. La La Land was not atrocious but I'm giving it 1 star because it was the first film ever that made me regret spending time and money on. If it weren't for all the hype I might've given it 4.Was there a point in making this film? There is nothing special La La Land is trying to convey, the acting is bland, the songs are dull, the storyline is overused and predictable, all in all it is a film of clichés. I seriously cannot believe this won so many awards - should I be worried about the future of film or am I missing an important point?

I do not like musicals, but there was so much talk about this film, that I saw it and I must say that I repent deeply. It's one of the worst movies I've seen lately. The stereotype of the musician who lives almost defeated and scratching the poverty is a sin in which the director had not fallen in the masterpiece Whiplash. Besides, it shows the woman as a completely unstable and shameless human being, who without showing us a background of his relationship with Greg, falls into the infidelity easier a fly in a dump. And to finish off, she lives so unhappily, that years after being married, she can do nothing more than imagine what her life would be like with her old adventure. Pathetic. It shows some more forms of human misery than the possibility of seeing something pleasant, something endearing, that makes you see it again. Some mentions about jazz that do not transcend at all. Actually, I will forget this movie.

This movie won awards and praised by some, so the chances are that you are going to see it eventually...As a musical it lacks good music and good choreography. It draws inspiration by classics like Singing in the rain and West Side Story but it can't compete with any of these masterpieces and it doesn't offer anything new in the genre.In terms of acting Emma Stone is very good, showing seamless transitions between opposite emotions but nothing special from Ryan Gosling who adds to the sad tone that the movie will eventually reach.The plot it starts as a satire of todays (and past and maybe future) Los Angeles, which is full of waitresses who want to be famous actresses and struggling musicians who have their own dreams to make it in a very competitive world.Later it becomes a romantic story (not only for relationships but also for dreams and wishes) but in its final act the movie takes a serious dramatic turn where the two "happy" endings are combining to a depressing conclusion, that even the final two reassuring nods can't repair. Add to this an alternate timeline flashback that the director/writer wanted to incorporate to his vision, and you end up with an overall depressing movie that actually ruins the optimistic feeling and the romance that initially had.Overall: Depressing. Mediocre forgettable music. A classic story that ends up in a melancholic, yet pragmatical, way..

What a great movie! Who would have thought anyone could bring the original screen musical back from the dead? Yet here it is, hale and hearty.The music is melodic but never simplistic; the lyrics are intelligent and intelligible; the script is funny, touching without ever resorting to sentimentality; the two leads are not only skillful but full of a kind of charm that I honestly thought had disappeared entirely from American movies: but here we have Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone just oozing it.The only pebbles in this ocean of inventiveness are some routine dance routines and over-reliance on the device of lights dimming on set to isolate an actor in white light, but that's me being r-e-a-l-l-y picky. It may well be that this is the best musical written directly for the screen since SEVEN BRIDES FOR SEVEN BROTHERS.All credit to writer-director Damien Chazelle and his team - and it really feels like a team-movie - for giving us this gem. Sure it's a feelgood piece, but it creates a world which is complex, it acknowledges alternative outcomes for its characters, it connects with people's passions, and in the case of Ms Stone's big solo, "Audition", it has a bona fide classic.

I usually don't write reviews, but i felt in this case I had to. Having seen so many reviews and people raging about how wonderful this film is, I truly hate to say it, but oh how wrong they are. Firstly, as actors and people I enjoy Ryan and Emma's work, I think they are both incredibly talented and work well together. However, their styles and talents were not suitable for this movie, this was a musical-I would expect the actors to be better than sub-par singers. The dancing element, albeit abrupt and highly unnecessary in many cases, was well done, the routines were quite abstract and I enjoyed them. The story line was nothing more than predictable and in the end rather disappointing. I saw this movie with friends and the only reason why we didn't walk out was simply out of worry that one of us was enjoying it. (We weren't). There are no words I can use to recommend you to see this film - as I would be lying if I did.Please don't waste your money - It is a cross between a low budget Mama Mia, and a rather terrible Hallmark movie.

In Whiplash, Chazelle's first feature, excellent cinematography, editing, music and design combined with great acting and gripping scenes. However, it was marred by some serious disconnects with realism while purporting to be essentially realistic: some of the character psychologies and story logic were stretched too thin. Ultimately, one could enjoy the acting and the edit/shot rhythms, and forgive the flaws.Those same flaws from his first picture absolutely devastate La La Land, and they aren't counterbalanced by much more than two very good set pieces (Gosling and Stone's number while he walks her to her car, and Stone's audition number).There is not an interesting conflict in a scene for the first ninety minutes of this movie. Much of the early tension is based on two good-looking 'characters' who "don't like each other", and on them coincidentally running into each other a few times. ALL of the later conflict between the two main characters hinges on conveniently concocted scene logic that boils down to fighting and breaking up instead of simple solutions like a) sending a text or b) getting out of a work thing or c) saying "I'll see you in a few months". The logic flaws and wholly unearned story points are so bad that it's not really a story; it's more of a unpolished frame to hang a bunch of set pieces on. It intends to be a string of pearls.But when half of those set pieces are mediocre, particularly the opening number, one is left with uncomfortable waits between the good parts: the story and characters are nothing, and half of the scenes neither deepen the story nor wholly delight. It makes you aware of your butt on the chair in the theater.Maybe worst of all is this movie's attempt to do with motion blur what Easy Rider did with lens flares. The difference is that 'avoid lens flares' was just a rule about 'professional' cinematography that was broken by a few rebels in the right movie for that. Motion blur is a fairly upsetting thing to look at, let alone on a big screen for shots that last two or three seconds, repeated seven or eight times in the movie. One of them is quite effective: up to some palm trees, 180 degree twist, and back down to the leads as they walk around a fountain. And there are some simple whip pans that are too fast to be upsetting. But this leaves multiple medium-speed motion blur pans, and the movie loses more than it could gain, multiple times, by breaking this rule. (If you feel that there is no 'rule' that says not to do long motion-blur shots when they don't add anything, I'll grant you your point, and counter by saying that the movie looks hideous and nauseating during those shots)

Bottom-line: Once upon a time there was the American musical which could inspire the world by wielding great visuals, music, story and characters. Today we have the perfect lobotomy instrument called La La Land. I began theorizing that it would only be possible to understand the praise and delight of the general populace if lobotomy would have been performed on a universal scale. I know not of any such undertaking and I'm no fan of conspiracy theories. Alas, I have to assume that there are shortcomings of mine which do not let me enjoy this so called jewel of a movie which purportedly restores the glamour of the Golden Era of Hollywood.Plus points: 1) Pretty Emma Stone, who can actMinus points: 1) Emma Stone can't sing, 2) Emma Stone can't dance too well, 3) Ryan Gosling can't sing or dance, 4) Weak plot delivered in a unbelievable manner, 5) Silly and overused musical score, 6) Uninteresting dialogue, 7) No character depth and actually no chemistry between the two protagonists. Overall feel to the movie was that of silliness beyond measure. My personal reaction was that of uncontrolled, roaring laughter. It is strange indeed that while I cried at the "funny" moments, I laughed at the "sad" and "serious" moments. I have to admit that rarely have I laughed this way during a movie. The ratings and nominations are oftentimes so unfair to real cinematic talent that I had to give a 1 (one) mark for the balance. It is really sad that the Renaissance of the American musical is trumpeted by this hollow shell of a movie.

This movie is not good. The high reviews are probably studio people or friends and family of all the cast & crew involved in this film! I really like both Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, but neither can carry a tune in this movie! I'm not saying these two needed to be Shirley Jones and Frank Sinatra, but at least find 2 people that can sing!! We know Emmy Rossum can sing and they could have cast Patrick Wilson. For a musical, it's not just star power, the leads have to be able to sing! (or at least dub some beautiful voice in, like they did for Natalie Wood in West Side Story).Plus, the story is quite boring and very slow. Girl meets boy, girl gets boy. Girl loses boy. (Yawn!!) Then there's the issue of maybe only one semi-catchy tune, add that to the boring story and you've got yourself a snooze-fest. Which no self respecting "musical" should ever be. JK Simmons is really good in the 2-3 minutes he's in the movie, but no one else is even remotely memorable. In a role any male actor could have played, they waste Tom Everett Scott. By the way, the opening production number is very clever, but the song is not good by any means. I've already forgotten the tune or even the name of the song! The story isn't worth summarizing here as it's too boring to repeat. Very, very disappointing! Don't waste your money and wait for it to hit cable.

I've never been more disappointed in a film than I have with La La Land. The trailer had me completely sucked in and I couldn't wait to see it at the cinema. However, this film is an hour too long, had practically no story and was so boring to watch, my Mom was asleep after 10 minutes. Not just that but all the 'singers' in the film were far too weak, Gosling and Stone didn't have powerful enough voices to carry off the lead parts. John Legend had the best voice by far, but his part was so small it didn't make a difference to the film as a whole. Not good at all, if you do go to see this, don't believe all the hype and go in with low expectations.8.8 on IMDb, what a joke!

A film that fails the Turing test - in reverse. Or something. What I mean is that after the first 5 minutes the unpleasant sensation crawled over me that I was participating in a rather sinister experiment, watching a movie made by a computer which was testing me by attempting to provoke a human-like response. Stuffed with algorithms culled from proper movies and musicals, the computer has generated a script and a set of scenarios based on user-preference and targeted directly at my very own demographic! Its eerie; the songs sound like songs but aren't quite, the dialogue sounds like people but not quite, nothing that happens has a real reason or point other than to crank through the plot, the jazz looks like jazz and sounds like jazz but isn't, quite, and the set-ups calculated to provoke an emotional effect left me untouched and feeling slightly hollow. What has been thrown, hurled and heaved at this film is Oscar-seeking acting, Oscar-seeking direction and Oscar-seeking technical twiddling. And hey ho and guess what, it got Oscars. Its the apotheosis of junk food, finally. You don't even need to make the effort to chew; it can now just squirt directly into you via the eyes and ears, a simulacrum of nourishment, over-flavoured glop taking the name of real love, real music, real acting and real life in vain.

Spoilers spoilers spoilers...if you haven't seen it yet don't read thisOkay first of all I dint want to see this movie. From the little things I heard I saw it looked like the typical musical same as all others musicals as clichéd as it could get and boring....But many of my friends wanted to see it and I said hey maybe it could be watchable...well it wasn't.It starts with this hideous musical piece with the friends of Emma stone dancing and it looked like Glee....Retarted and empty...The next songs wasn't that bad but still not good at all. Boring, the usual musical songs that you'd expect to here stuck in a 50s or whatever the era was aesthetics even though it is freaking 2017 the choreographic the same thing that takes you back many decades and has absolutely nothing to add to the present. In the dancing scene in the hill the 2 main characters could barely lift their feet from the ground and that looked really lame.... The plot was no different than that of a thousand other romantic, drama, comedy and musical movies that exist.... The movie is 2 hours 8 minutes long but it felt like 4 hours. Toni Erdmann is 2h 40 min. and it felt like a 1 hour movie....I really wanted to leave the cinema because it was so boring and its parts didn't add together. I felt like I was watching 4 movies put together in a very sloppy and in a way that didn't make a bit of sense. Near the end were Emma Stone sang for an audition me and my friends laughed our ass off because she was lisping a lot....We were literary crying from laughter... Also I don't think you can call it a musical because it had like 10 minutes of singing and dancing...To sum up a borefest as stereotyped as a movie can get, it's so bad so nonsensical that many times feels like a parody or a comedy, the dialogue is really awful, very bad music choreography is lame, costumes are a tribute to these of many decades ago and the ones Emma Stone wore looked like the ones you buy from cheap Chinese stores.... And finally the plot didn't make any sense and even if it did it's so corny that it seems that a 15 year old girl wrote... Just don't watch this thing... Jesus

...and i wish i did the same.This was nothing. A movie designed to please the academy awards committee in a self glorifying tribute to themselves. A remembrance to the movies they used to make (and watch) in "the good ol days".. By Hollywood, for Hollywood.There was no story. I was waiting for the movie to start. I wanted to leave SO bad, but i didn't want to ruin the experience for the other people i went to the Cinema with...turns out they were all doing the same thing. And when we left the the cinema, i heard people saying it's the most boring piece of crap they had seen in a long while. I'm not a buffoon, honestly, i like a good musical. I grew up watching Fred Astaire movies with my grandma. This was not that. This movie is living on a hype. Don't buy in to it. Oh and if you kinda went "oh...ehm...wtf?" in the flying scene, you're not alone.

Emma stone has been noted from a number of strong performances, she really does try to make the best out of a shallow one dimensional character. But this is doomed to fall flat on it's deflated face with the unbelievable, unremarkable performance from Ryan Gosling. There's visuals to take your breath away, costume and set design that take you on a cinematic journey into Hollywood. Apart from all of the gloss, there's nothing left but a plain storyline with half developed characters that seems to be working aimlessly through a cliché plot. The on screen chemistry is what struck me as missing at first but then you realise this is largely due to a flat dynamic between characters. How do they truly feel? What do they truly love about one another? Why couldn't they work it out? It's not in there. & We can't guess, because we don't KNOW them. By the end they're as much strangers as they are to us in the beginning. Much like a roller coaster that accelerates to the top only to slowly descend and safely pop us back to 0.It's overrated, boring and sad because there was great potential for a cutting edge take on an old comforting theme. Instead we are on oooh! then oh?

Positively one of the worst movies, never mind musicals that I have ever watched in my entire life and I am now almost 64.I am not only amazed at the mediocrity of the movie but also by the response from those movie goers who see fit to rate this production as 10 star.One reviewer suggested that it was the best movie they had seen since Star Wars when they were a kid. What planet is this reviewer now living on? He/she could not possibly have seen the same movie that I endured just a few hours ago. It lacked story-line, pace, memorable songs. It had one simplistic tune, melody or whatever which was constantly repetitive. The characters lacked depth and credibility. And the actors were poor in the art of song and dance. The backdrops and sfx were abominable and B- movie like in execution.If this movie succeeds at the Oscars, it is further proof of how out of touch America is with the rest of the world in both politics and the arts. The only saving grace is that neither can get much worse and that in the spirit of hope great things will arise from the ashes.

This was quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. I cannot understand people who are raving about this film saying it's one of best! Ever heard of Shawhsank Redmemption, LA Confidential, Godfather??? And don't get me wrong I like musicals. Mary Poppins, Sound of Music are terrific. But this?! I wanted to run out after half an hour. Whiplash was OK and far better than this nonsense. Don't waste your time. I am a jazz musician so naturally I'm critical of the music. There was nothing memorable about any of the tunes. I am also a huge Ryan Gosling fan but he was totally wasted in this part. We went to this film with a few other couples and the the best review one of us gave was that it was "OK".

If a producer is going to deconstruct a genre, the producer owes it to the audience to warn them early on (like in "Purple Rose of Cairo" or "Unforgiven"). This film, which has been lavishly praised, earns my visceral hatred because it did not do so, and I frankly cannot recall a movie which has ever triggered that sort of reaction even though I have seen thousands of them.I went to this movie because I was in the mood for a warm, "feel good" movie. The promo's and a goodly part of the film deliver that "feel good" warmth, like The Artist, but this time, as an updated classic song-and-dance film of the 1930's to 1950's. You can also see the homages, like those to Astaire/Rodgers and Kelly, as well as a knowing glance to a key scene in "Rebel Without a Cause". Sounds just like what I wanted.But about two-thirds of the way through, something begins to change (no spoilers here). The crack widens until the end, which at least one review has called bittersweet. For me, I felt rage. I got conned, without warning, into seeing the kind of movie I did not want to see. So you bet I'm angry. In terms of the mechanics, the film does not quite follow the basic lines of an early song-and-dance musical. Invariably, there is a secondary subplot involving different characters who, depending on the film, build tension, contrast, or comic relief. None of that existed here, although there were some opportunities which never bore fruit. Perhaps some more false leads by the writer? I saw them as distracting dead ends.There are also a number of plot holes which are annoying, a couple of which involve cell phones and unexchanged cell phone numbers that would have happened in real life. Any musical expects people to suspend disbelief, but the suspension of disbelief is generally in the musical parts, not the narrative.Two of the best parts of the movie were the acting by the two leads-- excellent. They were also game at the singing and dancing, and clearly worked darn hard to do a great job. But to be honest, Gosling's singing (a presumed effort to mimic Astaire's approach) was not good, and Stone's dancing didn't hold a candle to a really trained, talented dancer (like the lead in the opening number). You can make musicals which have twists, like the ending in West Side Story, but they don't pretend to be homages--they make it clear, up front, they are something different. So, for ruining my Sunday afternoon, I give this movie a 1.

A stone cold performance from Emma and the goose is cooked where Ryan is concerned. Any attempts to recreate the chemistry of so-called Hollywood golden classics it attempts to emulate are a weak fizz. Slow and contrived, the plot is weaker than a cup of tea made from a tenth dunk of the bag. An imminently forgettable score appears built around one pleasant enough motif but is bashed beyond compare. There is richness in the jazz that underpins it all but much like its syncopated rhythms, this one misses the beat. No more so than in the much hyped opening scene: I was hoping someone might get some road rage and move the story on.The critical hype is clearly written by those with their heads firmly placed in la la land.

This has to be the most overrated movie of all time and it nowhere near deserves this attention and surely none of the hyped awards. La La Land is a cute story, mediocre movie and has some nice dance and music scenes, but THAT IS ABOUT IT! The singing of Emma Stone and Ryan Gossling is absolutely a joke and falls flat entirely. It does not reach the quality of Moulin Rouge or other film musicals like Dream Girls. Well, maybe it isn't even a musical at all and they happen to just sing a bit. I can not understand the hype and accolades this movie gets!Most overrated and boring movie of all time!

I went to see the movie because it was 8.7 in IMDb and somebody said its the best movie he has seen since Star Wars when he was 6.... Well we were 2 couples and we left after 30 minutes....Its an awful movieIf you are not into musicals and if you liked Whiplash do yourself a favor. Take a good book and stay home.Its boring, the plot is dull, it is slow and the opposite of inspiring or interesting ....The beginning of the movie has a scene as if inspired by West Side Story... But this is not LEonard Bernstein and the music does not meet the level... Yet, I thought its a Good start..At some point it becomes more interesting and something is happening... but then it is cut and slowed down by a romantic song in the middle of some action and the movie falls down again...This movie does not deserve to be in the top 100 of IMDb... Help me to take it down... You will thank me for the warning

I must be missing something here. I went to see this expecting something fantastic given that it had 14 Oscar nominations - including Best Actor and Best Actress. I left feeling very disappointed and wondering what all the hype was about.A song and dance movie, with stars that could neither sing nor dance. How does that work? The answer is very plain - it doesn't. The best dancing in the film was the one where the dancers were in silhouette. There was a nice flowing movement to it and the two dancers moved gracefully. This was meant to be the two leads dancing, but I suspect that this dance was performed by 'proper' dancers - it was so different is class from the dances where Gosling and Stone were visible.With competent performers, it might not have been half as bad - but I still don't think it would warrant all the accolades it has been given. The story was a bit predictable, and the whole film about 20 minutes too long.

There is absolutely nothing special about this at all but the sheer number of so called "critics" raving about how wonderful it is will have you questioning what crazy tick-boxes they have that make a good movie in their eyes (or maybe how much they were paid to say it was good?). It's almost as if they don't watch the same movie as the rest of us. I don't get it? They make a movie like they used to 50 years ago and the world creams their pants. Why not just watch an ACTUAL 50 year old movie? Most of them are better than this anyway. I haven't felt so strongly about such an absurdly crap waste of time since that dribble "slumdog millionaire" won every award going. Just like that film, I watched this questioning how society could possibly think it was Oscar material while pondering how some of these insane "critics" got their jobs in the first place... *facepalm*

Yes, they are very cute, the story is very romantic, some songs (not all of them) are remarkable, the editing is really clever, the production design and photography are pure eye candy, and it's a cool film, no doubt... Maybe I'm getting old, but this is an average movie at best, and there's nothing new in it...Gene Kelly did this 60 years ago better with far less technology. As for the story, it can't be less original...Girl meets boy, they follow their dreams together, etc etc etc. I give it a 7 being generous. I liked it as an entertaining little film, but it's not a classic by any stretch of the imagination. In a few months, when the hype has passed, nobody will talk about it. I give a 10 to the marketing campaign, though. They managed to shovel it down everyone's throat.

Thought this would be a dandy New Years film. Just days before, when Debbie Reynolds passed away I spent time watching the classic dance/song numbers in Singin' in the Rain. Yes, the film's opening number was a fine homage to musicals of the golden age. Then, I could not help but compare Ryan and Emma's lack luster amateur dance efforts to the amazing talents of such as Debbie, Donald and Gene Kelly. Blah versus excellence. Next, I had to endure Ryan trying to sing, total failure. Emma a notch better but again not ready for prime time. No one left the theater humming anything close to an unforgettable tune. Time for me to again start humming Singin' in the Rain.The 'story' moved at snails pace for the most part. A major plot whole when a character makes a major, life altering decision which is totally ignored as if it never happened. Perhaps there is a missing scene on the cutting room floor since this then permitted an alternate ending which, of course, made no sense.Finally, many others are right to note the lack of chemistry between Ryan and Emma.To vote anything close to an 8.9 you need memorable songs, great chemistry, ever greater singing and dance talents plus a story that makes sense rather then contradicting itself. Sadly, I found all these qualities totally lacking.

I have an eclectic taste in films, so am not averse to a "good" musical - especially with impressive dance routines. West Side Story is one of my favourites, with brilliant songs, choreography and a powerful story. Mama Mia was superbly acted and sung and loads of fun. But Lala Land is so stale, dated and tacky! OK so there are some talented performers in it but the story line is shallow and trite and the music is so dated - they deserved a much better script than this! It might be considered to be a tribute to Old Style Hollywood by some but Singing in the Rain it ain't! It's not even close to that standard. I was bitterly disappointed and have no idea why it has won so many awards. I truly regret the time and money I spent going to see it!

I don't usually write negative reviews. But since this movie is stealing all the awards so far, and some people are calling that dull & cheesy film "a masterpiece" I felt forced to write something. LLL is a movie made from plastic. It is full of clichés and a it has a fake aroma of nostalgia.The beginning does have neither weight nor meaning. The director only wants to tell us here, in case we don't notice afterwards, that this movie is a musical. Good for him, because who could have guessed that with all the bad singing and the bad dancing!The love story is completely predictable and fake for the first hour or so, until the first fight.Somebody has said that this film is a super-white film about 2 "baby-dreamers", and I completely agree. Where is the Art? Where is the real struggle? There are today millions of people dying from hunger, wars, violence, and incurable diseases, and to sink because a play didn't turn out how you expected or you cannot be the jazz pianist number one is really childish. Good things: the cinematography and the flashbacks are very good. The end is the best. That turn is actually original but does not make any sense any way. Let's not forget that the girl and the boy are where they are because she was depressed for her career failure. So, the turn does not actually make any sense. The jazz is good too (I mean, the REAL jazz musicians). And Ryan Gosling (who is OK in the film but not amazing) is actually playing the piano, which, in a Hollywood movie is already a lot. Annoying things: the worst is, in my opinion, Emma Stone. I never understood her "talent". She is just a "pretty" face with a skinny (anorexic?) body who seems to think she is too good to prepare for her roles. Her singing & dancing are awful. Let's remember that in Irrational Man (I love Woody Allen!) she didn't even bother taking a piano lesson for her role of "pianist". Her hairdo is very annoying (she always seems to have just come out from the hairdresser) and I never understood why she cannot appear in even one frame without make up. How this mediocre actress won the Golden Globe for BP by an Actress in a MP - Musical or Comedy in stead of the amazing Meryl Streep or the amazing Annette Bening shows how Hollywood is losing it. And the fact that she won the SAG Award (Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role) in stead of Meryl Streep or Natalie Portman shows how this movie has blinded Hollywood. The most hilarious thing would be that she wins the Oscar (and, sadly, she probably will), being in the same category as Ruth Negga (who made an stunning performance in Loving), Meryl Streep (always amazing and always great), Natalie Portman and Isabelle Huppert (one of the best European actresses of today). But, hey, if Sandra Bullock got and Oscar in 2010, Stone could definitely get one too!Gosling can play the piano but he definitely cannot sing: his voice does not have any power and it sounds like olive oil. His dancing is, as his partner's, mediocre. How come he ended wining the Golden Globe for BP by an Actor in a MP - Musical or Comedy in stead of Hugh Grant (who gave his best performance ever in FFJ) is a real mystery. Luckily, and for the sake of Art, he didn't get the SAG Award (who went to the amazing Denzel). The clichés of LLL are endless: girl meets boy and at first they hate each other but after they like each other. The detail with the famous actress who enters in the Café is also predictable. And how rude (not cool) is to refuse an invitation! There are lots of holes in the movie. Boy and girl keep bumping into each other in a city as huge as LA, and many more, but I am not going to tell them because I don't want to reveal the plot and turns of the movie. 14 Oscar nominations? Give me a break! As somebody said, it's the endless story about Hollywood in love with itself. Pity, I will definitely not watch the Oscars this year. There were lots of really great movies this year and they did not get 14 Oscar nominations: Collateral Beauty, Loving, Hidden Figures, Lion, Moonlight, Elle, Florence Foster Jenkins, Smrt u Sarajevu, Fences... LLL should have got 1 Oscar nomination only (cinematography, Sandgren).The whole movie, even if it features some great black jazz musicians, has a white-ish taste that is unbearable. I don't care AT ALL if the actors are white, black, yellow, orange or green. But this cheesy movie with 2 black actors definitely wouldn't have got 14 Oscars nominations. Why? Because from the 6,000 Academy members, 73% are men, 27% women; 89% are white, and only 11% are people of color. The age average is 60 years old (that can explain the love for this mediocre musical (I would not call it a musical, because in the musicals the actors actually know to sing and know to dance). The world is, sadly, still very racist. That's why many people are calling this film White White Land for a reason. That LLL is stealing all the awards and probably will also steal many Oscars shows the decadency of cinema today in the US. Either that or people are really bored and need an empty and cheesy love story to be entertained. I think that Hollywood should learn from that reality that European cinema knows to depict, away from clichés and empty love stories, away from pretty actors with fake hairdos and plastic bodies. If LLL has achieved something is that: a new line of decadence, clichés, and cheesiness in American cinema.

This film starts with a great promise. We follow a musician and an aspiring actress who meet and fall in love in Los Angeles. The film's title is a reference both to a nickname for the city of Los Angeles and to the idiom for being out of touch with reality. But where it fails it all the rest. The movie is well acted no doubt, but the subject, you care less and less. And even if you want to, this film is a 90 minutes romantic comedy that turns out to be 130... even Woody Allen will think it's too much, i want the shorter version. I was bored to death and i'm a huge fan of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone Work... here I try, but can't ! It's just too long !

I really wanted to like this movie... It had so much potential but it's a lack of everything it wanted to be... First, I like both actors, I really do..But I don't think they did justice to dancing or singing.It simply didn't look real or serious enough.Either they're not talented enough or they should've work harder and longer for it...I'm not a professional dancer but you can see from the sky that the way they move their feet isn't real dancers alike! Idea of bringing old Hollywood style, step dancing and singing is brilliant but there is no much story..Scenario is somehow cheap.John Legend I love your music..But casting him was more desperate than necessary..The buzz over this movie is just so over-hyped, they're even mentioning Oscar nominations which it obviously doesn't deserve..You simply can't put this next to Titanic,The Lord of the rings or I don't know... Brave Heart or Gladiator category...It takes a better story.It needs to be more original,more breathtaking..It needs to to give you goosebumps and be something to remember! There isn't much to tell about this movie,cause even tho it wanted , this movie simply doesn't give enough! I'm sorry but it's six from me!

So first of all, if there weren't this much marketing about the movie, if the movie hadn't won 6 Oscars and if people around me didn't think so high of it, I would have been fair and given La La Land a 3 or a 4. But when raising expectations this much, it is just impossible to give a better grade than 1!The movie is one of the most boring I've seen in the past years. the first scene is sooo embarrassing I was so close to leave the theatre. I should have. The story line is flat. It can be summarized in two lines.La la land is cheesy and unlyrical. If you want to produce a musical, teach your actors how to dance. I mean an average dancer could probably do better.The cinematography is supposed to be wow, but to my eye they completely overuse the use of colours. For me a good mise en place in a good movie is the one that your eyes like without you realizing which elements make it this way until you stare for a moment. La La land was too obvious to me. The use of widescreen is hollow. The whole thing is gimmickry.While adding an old Hollywood look to a modern day movie is original, it just isn't my thing. What's the purpose? to connect to the old musicals? he wishes...Also a small detail, why the hell is Mia's dressing so ugly?????

I went to see this movie only because of all the Oscar nominations, but when it turned out to be so cheesy that I would send it back if it was a pizza I'd ordered, I read the fan reviews, hoping somebody would explain what I had missed. None do, but I've learned something I had not wanted to know about IMDb reviews. Musicals like Annie and Grease understood that there needs to be a plot line between the songs, and some songs should be decent enough to not need a movie to sell them. Unfortunately, La La Land was only created to prove Mel Gibson's paranoia about Hollywood correct. The racist screenwriters wanted to ensure we all knew that they thought the teacher in the movie Dangerous Minds was too nice (they hammer on this twice in the movie). They then try to hide their racism behind portrayal of the main character having black friends and liking jazz, but only long enough to end the movie with a drawn out scene about this same character deciding he was wrong about those choices and regretting that he ever made any black friends. Somehow, Hollywood's elite thought this message was more important than reminding Americans about a forgotten war hero who singlehandedly saved nearly a hundred American lives on the battlefield in WWII, or the true story of an Indian boy's struggles to find his family.

I can't understand why people love this movie! I literally fell asleep in it at least 5 times My girlfriend kept waking me up. It only got more boring the longer the movie ran. Movies are getting worse as the years go by. If this wins best picture then I may be done going to the movies!

Saying that this film is a Musical is like saying The Martian is a comedy. I found the film extremely slow moving and it did not hold my attention. The story line was weak and it had me hoping it would improve. It did not improve and I walked out with about 40 minutes of the film remaining. Considering the exceptional reviews and ratings this film has been getting I was sorely disappointed. Films like Singing in the Rain are musicals. This is not even a fraction of a musical. I am an avid film goer and consider that I have enough musical knowledge, coming from a musical background, to give such judgments. I notice one other reviewer stated this could be classed as a poor man's Woody Allen film and I totally agree. Last year I saw The Cafe Society and this had far greater costumes, acting, depth and music .

OK it is a 6ish Movie. But Look at the ratings. The rating totally misleads the audiences and I don't think a good movie maker should do that. If you want to make a 9-star movie. Make it not fake it.The movie has the unbelievable boring start and this lasts for 2/3 of the movie. The whole movie hardly has any story so don't expect any amazing story or something, there is none. Just couple fall in love had one fight and separates. The movie deserves a 6 because it is really good at sharing the lovers' feelings. But one good thing doesn't make it a 9 star for sure.Please do not cheat the audiences.

Did someone say last year's Oscars were too white ? So let's award most of this year's Oscars to something that looks like an explosion in a paint factory where every primary colour is splashed across the screen . LA LA LAND was being touted as the film to beat even before most of the other contenders were announced and its domination at the Golden Globes confirmed everything . Looks like the 2017 Oscars will be the most predictable event of this year Romantic musicals aren't my thing so my dread was realised in the opening scene with a California highway turning in to a song and dance scene so camp I thought I was watching a forest of pink tents which hints at what you're going to get - feelgood factor whether you want it or not . It was at this point I seriously considered giving up on the movie and going on youtube to listen to proper love songs by the likes of The The and Joy Division As the film continued the narrative did expose itself to being what you expect , two young people , a man and a woman , who are embarking on fulfilling their careers in respectively jazz music and acting . There's not a lot here we haven't seen before but what sells this movie is the visual work director Damien Chazelle has put in to it . The language of cinema is very much to the fore especially the stunning cinematography and my abiding memory is the scene where the two protagonists meet and an impact aesthetic is instantly created by the way the lighting changes . Many scenes are similarity beautiful but if there's a fundamental problem remains that no matter how well made a film is if you've no interest in the genre then you won't become a convert . As it stands LA LA LAND will dominate the Oscars like the French film THE ARTIST did five years ago then become quickly forgotten

The fact that this movie is rated 8.9 out of 10 and Chicago is 7.2 and Moulin Rouge is 7.6 is literally beyond me. Although I like Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling as actors, they really should not be casted for musicals. Neither of them can dance or sing properly no matter how much they tried, and I bet they did. I wonder if anyone here giving this movie a 8 or a 9 has watched Chicago or Moulin Rouge. Both had incredible Cinematography, plots AND had lead actors who could sing/dance the hell out of their movies. And now here come Ryan and Emma who are mediocre at best at this musical. I'm kind of disappointing at their casting as lead roles because I think that with different lead actors (two who can actually sing and dance) this movie would've been breathtaking. On another note, it was a charming film with beautiful cinematography and a pleasant vibe. I did not mind the blurs, as someone mentioned, or thought there were plot holes. I would recommend it to other but only to realise that Emma and Ryan should've not been cast.

Disappointing, definitely not worth the acclaim it's getting. I love Emma Stone and Gosling though, both great actors. However, they can't sing which make it sometimes a bit painful. Also, you start with a very "American style" movie with all the flowers, the group singing, the happiness, the dancing and jumping. So I guess you expect a movie that is going to at least end on a positive note. Well it doesn't and I don't think that separating the 2 lovers at the end brings anything special to the movie. Either you focus on the story line and you make it interesting, moving, fun and then you can create a bit of a drama at the end. However, everything was to be expected from beginning to the end, so please give the spectator at least a bit of relief and let's them be happy together with a kid!!! It's a shame it could have been great !

Sorry, I had to give it a 1 to counter the people who gave this a 10.My wife and I went to see this movie based on ratings. It isn't really a very good anything. It had no memorable songs. It didn't have any singers to mention. Sorry, the main actors are not singers.The drama part may have been the best where we find that following your dream takes away from REAL people and real relationships so in that way it was sad, so sad.Calling this a comedy is wrong. Only once in the theater did I hear others laughing and that was only for a brief moment. Maybe is was the kind of people in the audience. My wife and I were talking about where is PeeWee Herman and the two guys in front of us told us to shush during where Ryan was whistling on the pier. Really? Did we take away from the whistle sound track that much guys? Don't think I missed the two times the piano was not played correctly either. However one of the grand's was nicely tuned. That may have been the best part of the movie. You got to hear the difference between a real piano and an electronic one. The real is always better as is real relationships are always better than following your own desires.

I love musicals, but I must have missed the stand in the theater where they were handing our the cool-aid for this one. Sorry, but I grew up musicals entertaining life and work, but this is corns. None of the "stars" are the expected style or quality. The story is grotesquely poor and without logic. Gosling is pathetic, I was left with the desire of someone who closes the keyboard cover in their hands, the voice of the stones allow you to pray for a good dose of pharyngitis. In short singing or even dancing the promotional machine Hollywood continues to tell us how great it is and people believe it. In short I lost 2 hours, 7 minutes and 3 seconds of my life. For our summer trips to Australia, it is almost as bad as the passengers.I think it must be an exercise in navel-gazing, as the awards bodies see themselves in these two characters. Haven't they all struggled to get auditions? Haven't they all had screen tests? Haven't they all tried to "make it" in Hollywood? of course they have. The awards givers like looking at themselves in the mirror. Personally I do not like what they see. Don't bother wasting your energy, or you will quit halfway through, as I did. 0 out of 10.

I went in expecting something wonderful like Chicago, or Moulin Rouge, but instead was treated to mediocre at best. The acting was good, the sound was OK, but there was nothing "best" about it. I don't know how it was able to garner ANY Oscar nominations. There just wasn't anything Oscar worthy about it. It was trying to had to hearken back to the days of Fred Astaire, and Ginger Rogers and failed miserably. The singing wasn't that great either. I like both of the star actors, but this just wasn't the right vehicle for them. Their singing was just OK. The songs were nothing memorable that I would want the sound track for. The only really good song was the one sung by John Legend. The City of Stars was a nice little ditty, but that about it. The whole movie from beginning to end was just underwhelming. Both my partner and I felt the same way walking out. In fact, his first words were, "Well that's four hours we'll never get back." I said, "It was only two hours." He said, "EXACTLY." Oh well, I guess you can't like everything.

Well, I give this movie 5/10 but I give the lowest note here because I can't believe it has 8,7/10 from people. This movie is BORING. It is just a crap. It is a bad movie. The plot doesn't have any sense, the graphic/effects are POOR. Stone's smiles and eyes are ugly, but she's a decent actress. Gosling is a BAD actor, he has one smile on his face during the entire movie, a smile of a poor dog. They sing only few songs and they don't even "sing". Stone moans, Gosling mumbles. I can't believe it receives golden globes, I can't believe Gosling and Stone won for "best actors". It's pathetic.If you want to see it - please DON'T.

Nothing good but the cinematography. The story is so dull, I don't know how this has a high rating. After the way too long opening song, I was bored already. It did not get better. I would not waste your time unless you love musicals so much that the lack of engaging plot or characters, will not bother you. Or you just want to see if for the cinematography, that was great. I like both of these actors but I don't see how they got awards for these roles, just because they danced and sang?? This was definitely hyped by the right people, but there is not much there.Ryan's piano playing was splendid, tho.

I wasn't' expecting much from this movie but to my surprise, it was even worst than I would've imagined!I mean musicals aren't really my type of movie but still... and don't even get me started on the acting I mean... Let's just say that if Emma Stone wins an Oscar I will not longer respect the academy. I've seen better acting in TV commercials! It was so bad that I felt that I was watching an actor playing a character playing another character (and not in a well down way). Also, the way that the story was told it was really hard to connect with the characters and the somewhat romantic story of the movie. I think that the story had potential and it could've been a great movie it was just bad casting and too much musical, they should've toned down a little.

This is the slowest, dullest musical I have ever sat through. Why it gets so much hype beats me (unless the reviews and nominations have been paid for by the producers).... The whole production completely lacks sparkle, the plot is not particularly good while the music and choreograph are largely uninspiring. I only sat through the whole thing so as not to disturb my fellow movie-goers. When leaving the cinema, the comments from people around us were of disappointment and disbelief that such a poor film could be rated so highly in the press and other media. If I had been at home watching a DVD copy, I would probably have given up after the first 30 minutes.

Is the rating too high on this site for this movie or what???All the hype and nominations for this horrible movie reminds me of how 98% of the media reports from a liberal point of view instead of from a non-partisan point of view. Disgusting.This movie lacks everything from acting to so called singing. Horrible is what should be the headlines for this atrocity!We had to force ourselves to watch this till the end. Several times we were on the verge of shutting it off. This proves that the Oscar's should be abolished. And who really cares if an Iranian actress doesn't go to the Oscar's? And how long have you lived in a free country...NEVER! (lol)?Poor Ryan Gosling, I always liked him.....disappointing that he chose such a flop to "act" in. Thought he didn't want to do the Hollywood thing anymore. Proves Hollywood money can buy anything or anyone.

Not written a review for a while but this overrated bore fest prompted me to warn others. Honestly I haven't been so bored in a long time, its way too long, hardly any dialogue and hardly any singing to push the story forward. The story really isn't interesting either and the relationship that develops in it is just isn't believable a couple of conversations and a dance together and suddenly they are a couple and we are supposed to care!? I haven't paid to watch a film in a long time but took the wife because she heard it was amazing but even she screwed her nose up at the end and she loves musicals. Pearce Brosnan singing in Mama Mia was more entertaining than this entire film.

It seems not too many know the French director Jacques Demy's films, especially his musicals like 'The young girls of Rochefort' or 'The umbrellas of Cherbourg' or 'Donkey Skin' - nor Michel Legrand, who scored these as well as many other films. Those were made in the late 60ies and 70ies. They are available on Netflix - highly recommended!Obviously the director of LaLaLand watched them over and over again but he failed totally in recreating them and transporting them into our times. I find the music of LaLaLand with the exception of its main song rather forgettable, the same with most of the choreography. The lead actors are OK, but I don't see any depth. The story line is rather thin, very cookie cutter and weighed down by too much sentimentality.

I've read 8 great reviews on this film. I went and saw the movie last night, and I'm usually a very positive person, but was very disappointed. The highly ranked reviews must be from Sunshine Pumpers who are desperate for a comeback of a 1940's musical, or don't have a clue about a great musical:("Chicago", "West Side Story", "Moulin Rouge", "Grease", "Singing in the Rain", "Cabaret", "Oklahoma", "King and I" etc. etc. etc.) None of the songs were catchy or memorable. The good: Emma Stone did some very good acting. Also the sets were creative, and colorful. Miscast: Ryan Gosling, he can't sing. (think of a 25 year old stoic Kevin Costner) He would have been better type cast in a sports, western, buddy movie, mystery, gangster, or in a drama. Most likely cast as eye candy for the 18 to 24 year old gals. The opening scene is a hot, sweaty LA traffic jam on the freeway, where 50 or more people jump out of their cars, and start dancing and singing. It's a long non-stop shot that is VERY difficult to film. (think of Orson Welles: "Touch of Evil") but we have all been there, no fun, brought back bad memories of heavy traffic jams, and I just couldn't see the fun in a traffic jam. It's like I wouldn't want to see a song and dance scene of a ER room or of Anne Frank. No memorable classic lines: ('Show Me the Money", "You'll Shoot Your Eye Out Kid", "There's No Crying in Baseball". Folks, this film will be forgotten in a year. Don't expect the next coming of "The Sound of Music". This is a poor man's Woody Allen movie!

I went to this movie with reasonable, but not overly high expectations, and in the end it was a pleasant enough time. But to suggest this is a great movie is astonishing!It is a musical that looks back nostalgically to earlier great musicals. But the leads can't sing, can't dance, can act a little! (pardon the reference - it seemed in keeping)Equally bad, there are no songs of any worth in the whole movie.The lead actor is a jazz purist who is willing to put put his life in turmoil to live out his dream of playing real jazz. Instead, everyone around him plays excellent jazz, and he plays nothing but a very undernourished pop song.On a positive note, the opening scene was a gas. Superficial, yes, but really fun and impressive with its long tracking shot. It gave me hope for the rest of the movie, but that was the end of anything of any worth.The complete split of opinion between this being a great movie, and it being a very ordinary one is bizarre. Best Picture? Really? Have people not been going to anything else this year. There have been some absolutely wonderful movies this year.I do not understand at all. Perhaps it is because I love musicals and watch them a lot that I have something to compare it to. I don't know. But I have never been more confused.

We should give credit when it's due, but not when it doesn't deserve it. Damien Chazelle did an excellent job in writing and directing the movie Whiplash in 2014, but not so with La La Land in 2016.This latest film was utter garbage and deserves less than a 1/10. It wasn't only painful for me to watch, but I also was robbed of my precious time and energy, because of the media's thumbs up reviews, which should have been all thumbs down.Although the actors where good, the "chemistry" was awkward and boring.The story line was a C- poor. It needed much more substance and quality.I will never trust movie reviews ever again. How this got so many nominations blows mind! This proves to me that Hollywood is truly corrupt and filled with favoritism. There are way too many movies better than this that did not get nominated.Shame on you Hollywood. Shame on you movie reviewers who lied about this being great. I felt like I was stabbed in the back multiple times by watching this crap and the lies that are trying to keep this movie afloat.Don't give into to the hype. This movie is just not right.

I saw this movie because of all the Oscar hype (how can a movie have more Oscar nominations than The Godfather?). I read the negative reviews and wanted to make up my own mind. The negative reviewers were absolutely right. In time, movie reviewers will look back on this movie as a 2017 aberration and wonder- what were they thinking? Did someone put something in the water? The plot is juvenile, cliché Hollywood struggles, about making it 'big'. Grow up! The plot reinforces racial stereotypes about the white guy being the purist and the black guys work for him. What the! The main characters can't sing or dance (I had to stop myself from laughing- what an insult to the greatness of past musical performers) Needs extensive editing. So many unnecessary long pensive moments. Filler shots. The special effects were so lame. (Eg you could see Emma Stones harness bulking up her waistline). Couldn't make out the lyrics in the jumbled mess of the opening number. Contrived pause to allow the audience to applaud. Unrealistic coy behaviour of the two leads as they fall in love- what the! (Are they tweennies? Is this set in current times or not?). Throughly, absolutely, forgettable.

What are they thinking? How is it possible that this crap movie got 14 ( ! ) Oscar nominations ? Did they really see it? It is bad from the beginning to the end. Saccharine-style and no substance. You see better musical numbers in commercials. The opening number was cringe worthy and then it got even worse. The singing and dancing is absolutely awful. The storytelling is so poor and predictable. It is an insult to the intelligence of every three year old. And even worse; the movie is so terribly terribly boring. ( I should have been warned although because the over-hyped movie Whiplash of the same director bored me almost to death before... ) .The only reason I did not leave the cinema was the beautiful and charming Emma Stone. Even she could not rescue this wreck of a movie. In the end it was a bitter disappointment. Is this the best what we can expect from Hollywood ? It is the perfect film for the Trump era. Thumb, hollow and a big nothing. Lets hope this era is short!

I went to watch this movie as its getting lot of praise all around. But, I found it just an OK film. In fact, there were times, I was looking over my watch when will this movie get over!! Ryan Gosling is attractive, charming.. but in some scenes, he gets expressionless..Emma looks just average. Her acting is way better than Ryan Gosling.However, movie is colorful, musical background track is also good. Music is superb but I expected a bit more on the story part. Overall, I could not connect with this movie. Really think that I wasted my 2 hours and money on this movie.

Dear Damien, I really had great expectations for this film. I waited for a year to see this film. I was so excited that I walked ten minutes in the rain to go see this film. I am going to tell you what I felt about the film as I watched your film, so that you can learn something from my letter.I was very happy to see the initial traffic jam and the first song. I was thrilled to see what happens next? As soon as the film started, I started to feel there was no story line to keep me interested. There were no plot points. Who wrote this script? I could not relate to Emma Stone's character because there was nothing to look forward to regarding her goal. She was just an aspiring actress who was lost in Los Angeles failing auditions. Whats interesting about that? The film was dis-jointed. It was a big mess. The biggest mistake you made was to cast Ryan Gosling. This actor's face is bland. He is probably angry with someone on the set and it shows on his face. This guy has no expressions on his face. He has no idea how to act in certain scenes. He just keeps his face expression-less so that nobody can relate to him in the film. Deborah Aquila should have helped you find a better actor. Who selected Ryan's wardrobe? There was nothing interesting about his bland clothes to go with the musical. His emotions on his face do not match the flow of the story. Ryan, you are not a face for musical or romance or hero for a romantic comedy. You are a face of a villain or a boxing film. You should do those films. The way the director have these two characters meet is so weak. There was nothing romantic about how they meet. Emma Stone is a good actress but she kept (emotionally)staring in space in lot of scenes which were not removed in editing and it affected her performance. Acting with Ryan Gosling also affected her performance. There was one scene in the film where she goes and stands right in front of movie theater full of audience and nobody reacts or shouts as she stands in front of all of this audience while movie is playing. How unbelievable! I wanted to like something something in this film. I tried very hard. I wanted to like a scene where they are about to hold hands in movie theater but even Damien ruined that romantic scene by doing something stupid. I wont forgive you for that. Then someone gave you a museum to shoot in. You should have made best use of those scenes but you did not. There was nothing exciting about it. There were sound problems with car horns. It was so loud that I had to put fingers in my ears. Out of the blue an African American guy (John Legend) gives Ryan a deal and music contract. There was no development for that plot point. Damien you need to really work hard on screen writing skills. I wonder who gave you money to make this film for such a weak screenplay. At one point the African American guy says to Ryan.. you are pain in the as. Ryan! honestly you are pain in the .... I, so badly wanted to like this film and wanted some scene to touch me but when that moment came where Emma is called back for an audition. I thought she will tell her own story which was so powerful, she tells some aunt's story which made no sense to the story line. What a disaster! Emma says at the end...It hurts a little bit. You know what, I am hurt. I need Damien Chazelle and Ryan Gosling to send me apology letter for making such a bad film which I had to go and see . I was in tears when I left the theater. I am sure you will read this and you know where to write me. My IMDb email address. Best Regards, Z

Telluride by the Sea (Portsmouth, NH) led off its 2016 weekend film festival with La La Land, a captivating film that hearkens back to the golden age of Hollywood cinema yet remains firmly embedded in present-day Los Angeles life. Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling bring a startling depth and nuanced feelings to what could easily have been another trite variation on the theme of falling in and out of love. The film impressed me on so many levels, for the quality of the direction and cinematography, the seamless transition between musical song-and-dance numbers with a powerful narrative, the inventive choreography, the authenticity that Stone and Gosling brought to their portrayal of their characters, and the amplification of the intensity of their romance enacted through their singing and dancing. This film is not-to-be-missed by anyone who loves the classic Ginger Rodgers-Fred Astaire movies and who longs for a modern re- invention of this genre.

Given my love of both movies and musicals, I had such high hopes for La La Land.But alas, it was not to be.The good news is that the cast and production values are excellent. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are as likable as can be, and the staging of the production numbers is amazing.Ah, but there's bad news. There's just no chemistry between Gosling and Stone, and since their relationship drives the movie, this is a serious problem. Another problem is that neither of them are very good singers.And then there's the musical numbers, which just feel amateurish. ("My mom can make the costumes, we'll use your dad's garage, and we'll write the musical numbers!")Last but not least, at 2:18, it goes on forever.There's no good reason to see this movie at all. If you're curious, wait for the DVD / streaming, and then watch it with the sound off as you read a good book.

Saw La La Land a week ago and I needed time to process how little impressed with it I ended up being. It is a sparkly superwhite depiction of LA in an utterly apolitical, hipster way that scratches it's soles to the beat of eras when most things were just that - self-centered posh people having "dreams." It is, underneath the personal story of two people trying to "be something", an embodiment of "make film great again" as the dictator down south's mean-spirited and ignorant slogan about America itself is. It is a throwaway film, most certainly does NOT deserve any Oscars, and is actually quite forgettable, except for the City of Stars song. The dancing isn't just off, it's terrible, dare I say, utterly lame. Emma Stone's charm only got me so far through this puffed up piece of cupcake dust. The use of Griffith Observatory becomes goofier than even the worst parts of Titanic. Arrival, Moonlight, even Manchester by the Sea are far, far superior films. This of course means La La Land will win big time. I enjoyed Warcraft more. Seriously.

This is simply the worst 'musical' I have ever seen. It was clear to my wife and I, about 30 minutes into this, that the actors, director and composer where too young to remember, or too young to understand the old musicals, and just how much talent went into those productions.The music was dreary and unmemorable, the story was uneven and made little sense. I think Emma Stone is a delightful actress, but this was a huge overreach for her. Ryan Gosling was stiff and bland (as he is most of the time).My advice to people who gave this a 10, please go watch:SINGIN' IN THE RAIN -- WEST SIDE STORY -- THE WIZARD OF OZ -- THE SOUND OF MUSIC -- CABARET -- MARY POPPINS -- A STAR IS BORN -- MY FAIR LADY -- AN American IN Paris -- MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS -- ON THE TOWN -- THE BAND WAGONStart with that line up - then come back and watch this rubbish, and see if its still 10 stars.

La La Land is certainly the most "hyped" film of the year. Maybe it's a film for people who don't like musicals, or have never seen a really great musical film. As much as I like both Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, neither of them can sing or dance well enough to star in a musical. It's mind boggling to think of all of the talented men and women on Broadway who could have really nailed these roles. The opening musical sequence is embarrassing. And way too long - kept looking down to avoid watching the screen. Also, much of the plot is a rehash of another crummy musical, New York, New York (1977) At least that one had Liza Minnelli to sort of save the day whenever she started singing. The ending, especially, is the same downer. It doesn't work.So catch this on a rental if you're curious, but it was not enjoyable. Will probably win all kinds of Academy Awards, knowing Hollywood - it's that bad.

The opening film of Venice '73, a strong contestant of the Golden Lion, Tinseltown's latest prodigy Damien Chazelle's wildly-anticipated follow-up of WHIPLASH (2014), LA LA LAND is an exuberant revamp of the Golden Age's musical formula and miraculously transposed onto a contemporary milieu, an absolute stunner and expert raconteur chronicles the effervescent romance between a jazz pianist Sebastian (Gosling) and a waitress Mia (Stone), who aims to break into the showbiz in the City of Angels, without ever compromising its realistic spin.Fully embracing the widescreen splendor, the film's winning opening gambit is a slithering singing- and-dancing sequence on the chockablock freeway choreographed in one dashing long shot. Then the film pans out its narration of an ever-typical girl-meet-boy story (in this case, it is the girl who makes the first move), divided by seasons with a winter-to-winter rotation, initially, the story bifurcates in two different forks until the two finally hit the ground running, interposed with scintillating music numbers which can hypnotically melt your heart and dazzle your mind. Chazelle adroitly centers on two protagonists through and through like in those vintage romantic flicks where you can see haloes around them, anyone, anything else in their world has all duly faded into the dark background whenever their eyes meet, their hands touch, and they kiss.Gosling and Stone, whose on-screen dynamism has been patently tested in Glenn Ficarra and John Requa's CRAZY, STUPID, LOVE (2011), let sparks fly higher as they plunge wholeheartedly into the torrid journey, from misunderstanding, meet-cute, falling for each other, to supporting each other's dreams, taking the middle ground or simply giving up, doubting and bickering, to the highest level of unconditional and unadulterated love - the holy sacrifice to let go of each other when their time is due, the Gosling-Stone pair is superbly amicable, adorable and charismatic, each is blessed with their own tuneful theme songs CITY OF STARS and AUDITION respectively, and satiates viewers with a show-stopping tap-dancing. Gosling, as dapper as ever, oozes with a heart-throbbing attentiveness and devotion as a talented pianist who is bent on opening his own jazz bar, a traditionalist but deadly romantic; Stone, portrays a character so naturally rooted in her chromosomes, an aspiring actress-to-be finally pays her dues after numberless humiliating auditions, her vivacity, comic timing and line delivery are top-notch, both are eyeing for their second Oscar nomination at this stage.Heading to the upcoming Oscar race, Chazelle, of course, is the one who deserves all the fanfare for his virtuoso directing competence, one will be sublimely intoxicated by his vision of L.A. envelopped with an indelible mauve palette in lieu of its usual sun-dappled glamour, vibrant props and tableaux vivants, not to mention the central music elements, which is always in the veins of Chazelle's works, his cherry-picked jazz-fusion, the fluent and sleek choreography, Justin Hurwitz's overwhelmingly soothing attendant score apart from several striking ear-worms, all those above-mentioned herald that a major cinematic director, with a distinct and greatly entertaining aesthetics adorned by his music flair, is in the offing in the land of L.A..Last but definitely not the least, how can one not praise for the silent epilogue in the end, Chazelle soberly let audience get a view of what would happen to the perfect-matched couple if they were living in an ideal Hollywood fairy-tale, but reality, in most times, is a far cry from fairy-tale, we have to move on without our perfect-half, but that is not to say, life will be miserable or intolerable, thanks to Chazelle's perspicuous vision, in a long run, we might be able to cherish the true happiness once we were fortunately bequeathed, and perhaps, it never leaves us, it always stay with us, to savor, to reminisce and to never give up our dreams.

"La La Land" is an American romantic musical comedy-drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle in 2016. After its' success at the 74th Golden Globe Awards, I couldn't give a go by the musical that set a record and won seven awards, including Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Screenplay, Best Original Score, and best Original Song. What can I say after finally watching this film? Well, best wishes to the New Hollywood Era. Your Golden Age has gone.The idea of recreating and breathing a new life in outstanding musicals of Golden Age if Hollywood turned out a complete fiasco. "La La Land" is full of weird clichés, awful mise en scène, poorly rehearsed dancing actions, and doubtful twists in the plot. Furthermore, the production department failed to make outstanding shots as well as edit them in a right way with a good taste. I won't even start to complain about bad color correction and sound. Seriously? For the budget in thirty million dollars they couldn't produce clear recording that is supposed to be a number one factor in musical? Bad for them.The first scene on the highway gave me full understanding that this musical is just a frustration. The dancers probably failed to join one of the Step Up movies and were redirected to "La La Land" as a joke. Choreography is terrible when the viewer can't see it as a whole action, or focus on main characters. Choreography in "La La Land" is more than terrible. I was laughing. Not in a good way. And again it is one of the main parts of such genre as musical. The plot itself is boring and slow. There is no progression and no drive that brings the will to continue watching it. Half of actions and scenes were added and shown with no particular reasons to show them. Actually, there is no evident chemistry between the two protagonists. What is kind of shameful, especially because of the fact that it is not the first project, where Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone play together. Come on guys, show some love for each other. Some drama at least. Their relationship on stage was more comedic than tremulous.Acting. One of the strangest things for me is to watch the Golden Globe's Best Actress in a movie where she can barely act. On the one hand, she was supposed to be a failed actress, who went her journey and reached her goals. But on the other hand, Emma Stone haven't done a good job in the general scenes also. Regarding Ryan Gosling, his passion for Jazz was overacted, as he has no passion at all. Besides, as a musician myself, It was a pain watching his performances. It was so obvious that he just can't play piano. I almost closed my eyes, so I can only lose myself in music. As well as in their dancing scenes. It looked too lame. To sup up, "La La Land" is a pure frustration mixed with some dramatic comedy. I can't call it a musical with a capital "M." Actually, I can't call it a musical at all. No good music, no good sound, no good dancing.

The story is as thin as it is simple-minded and totally banal. The movie would likely be a total flop without the two main actors - and without the giant hype and marketing campaign that has obviously been unleashed. The soundtrack is largely uninspiring. The dancing and singing of Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling is OK, but far from exceptional or ground-braking. I have no idea how anyone could spot magic or authenticity in this highly superficial, totally overrated movie. The only really authentic about this over-hyped piece is, that it is a true reflection of today's Hollywood: self-absorbed, totally superficial, full of hypocrisy and unable to even consider any other view than that of their own echo chamber. There are, obviously and luckily, some notable exceptions to this among the myriad Hollywood stars and starlets, but they are far and few between. It says a lot about the Golden Globes that they have been awarded in bulk to this movie. Maybe the competition was even worse? If this film gets Oscars as many predict, it will simply be fitting. After all, a Hollywood in their castles and mansions being totally detached from reality, from the life of ordinary people in this world, from ground realities, they will likely love what they see here. Even though it is just praising and celebrating its own echo chamber. This movie is Hollywood-narcissism at its worst. Oh, and btw: these are the same people who mock Trump for his narcissism? Go figure!

I am usually mistrustful of over-hyped movies but, on this occasion, I was in the mood for a feel good musical with an upbeat message - not something I am usually drawn to. The Sunday Times reviewer said that "Hating La La Land is like hating a puppy" and gave it 4 stars. Well I like puppies very much but this movie was a massive disappointment. Bad singing; bad dancing; and a mediocre script, made this movie, in my opinion one of the worst movies of the last 12 months. How this can be considered as Oscar material is beyond me but then clearly I am in a minority - although judging by many of the reviews on here - not that small a minority. The second half, in my opinion, was better than the first half. And, yes I did get most of the symbolism and the attempts at pastiche and various homages to the past. This definitely won't be on my 'best of' list.

I'll never get those two hours back or my money! I should have read further into the reviews on here before wasting my time. This is nothing like I expected. I truly don't understand all the hype this movie has received and how it's winning so many awards. The acting & dancing is not very good and their singing leaves a lot to be desired. I've seen better singing & dancing on The Muppet Show! I thought there would be lots of visuals of LA but no, pretty much studio lot and apartment scenes. I was so disappointed!Please don't waste your time on this movie! Just go out to eat and spend your money on a good meal!

What an awful movie. Are the rating a joke? The movie cinematography was so tight and out of balance that it was disturbing. Talking heads that themselves get cropped off from time to time. People bumping into the edge of the screen or looking off the screen. It was out of balance and dizzying as they panned between the characters.Then the story is supposed to be about love but ends up being about narcissism. Achieving maximum career success is better than true love. In the real world love is about compromise and working towards mutual success. Of course this movie is about Los Angeles and Hollywood so maybe that is the way it works there looking at the divorce rate for celebrities. But this is not the reality that exist in the other 99% of the country so I do not get the appeal of this movie.I did bump the rating to 2 because there is a good scene with John Legend singing in a night club.

This is a film for those who like predictable and corny song and dance romance plots. I saw the high rating and, since I love Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, I had high hopes for this flick, but . . . alas . . .I couldn't even stomach it after the first 15 or so minutes and gave up. I'm surprised I lasted that long. What a crashing bore.West Side Story or Oklahoma this ain't. I live in CA and resent the fact that this film tries to transport its inferior East Coast let's-dance-our-way-down-Broadway type schlock to our sandy shores.I honestly got the feeling that while Emma was enjoying her stint as a singing dancing out of work actress, Ryan was a complete fish out of water. Bless him for trying----I guess.There must have been a lot of theater goers who loved this film. It just goes to show that de gustibus non est disputandum. There is no accounting for taste.

It is flashy and colorful and the acting is good - the dancing and singing not so much, some of the music is really well placed if forgettable. But it is a movie that pretends for 128 minutes to be something it is not. It is not a musical. It tries to be. But it forgets 20 minutes in and then remembers in the end for one wonderful classical musical scene that would be brilliant if it was all that La La Land was. But the rest, is not really a musical. Mostly because while it doesn't lack music it lacks music numbers. And the ones it has feel mostly out of place and there only so a bland love story can be called something more interesting. It is a movie with music. Not particularly good music either. There are two numbers that stuck with me for longer then the length of the movie. The rest might work within the story but doesn't manage to stand on its own.The movie also pretends to be original. Which it is not. There has been stories like that. And better ones. The characters are not sympathetic either. He is snobbish and self-centered and even in his growth remains a jerk. She has no idea what she wants and while she pretends to grow she remains a child. If the actors were any less charming and worked less well together I would be rooting for them to get slapped for half the movie. It made caring if they stay together or not and watching their struggles and their happy moments much less involved. And uninvolved audience is not something you are striving for as a story teller. And the ending of the movie, don't even let me start on that. I was somewhat looking forward to it despite the movie's flaws and then the movie slapped me in the face and spit on itself and me as well. I ended up feeling lied to and took for a fool. I have seen two wonderful movies that same week and going out of La La Land it was everything a movie should not make you feel. Disappointed. Mislead. Empty. Just like the movie is.

J.K. Simmons acting as an arrogant dork in Whiplash was bad enough, but now we have this dreadful piece of schlock that never should have happened, with J.K. Simmons acting as an arrogant dork again. The only thing this movie did was make me want to watch some of the stunning musicals of the past half-century, which are light years ahead of this. I suppose everyone will sit around with sentimental grins on their faces thinking how nice that someone remembers Hollywood enough to shoehorn a bunch of current celebrities into a script that makes you wish someone would fall off a freeway overpass. When did escapism start to resemble nails dragging across a blackboard?

Words fail me. I can only assume that the lovers of this film have little past experience watching quality musicals, romances, or comedies. Who the hell thought this mess up? What were they sniffing?The scene where the two stars suddenly fly into the stratosphere in a movie theater was laughable, silly, and ridiculous. Our movie night with friends turned into groans and unintended laughter at its stupidity. To add insult to injury, the split second cuts from scene to scene added an amateurish touch to the whole affair. After an hour, we couldn't take anymore and shut it off in disgust. If you want misery, get a root canal instead. It would be much easier to endure.It's sad that a whole generation of movie goers will accept this garbage as a good movie. Obviously they've never seen very many "good" movies.But look on the bright side. Seventh grade girls will really love this crock.

La La Land makes me upset because I feel like there is a great movie in this film. It starts off great with a big sweeping musical number that's a lot of fun. As it progresses, the movie slowly falls apart. The pace breaks down. More songs become arbitrary (The first song is arbitrary too but I'll let it go because it's just the opening number). And there are many threads that don't go anywhere and lack any meaningful moments. (The couple getting married, they showed up three or four times, we don't care about them, they have no character, they are simply there to make Sebastian, who we also don't care about sad)The John Legend scenes, although they progress the story, are awkwardly paced and weird. 'Oh, Sebastian uses an electric keyboard now, whoa! Amazing.' It came across as awkwardly placed as the song scene in Birdemic.What I'm about to say is not criticism but thoughts on the characters: Mia is a terrible character. Sebastian is also despicable at points. The character I related to most is the writer character at the party and he is trivial at best in the film.Therefore, the criticism is that there are no characters that one can get involved with and relate to in this mess of a film.Other than the lacking characters, clumsy plots, lack of good music (besides 2-3 songs), awkward conversations that lead to nothing meaningful, the movie is well done. Damien Chazelle is a good director and has an eye for film.Essentially, people 'worship everything and value nothing' and that is no truer than this film. People worship the superficial of this movie. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone. The beautiful shots. The colors. The sad music they play fifty million times.And the fact it's different. Critics love things that are different because they watch 100s of movies. Thus, La La Land is different and they freak out. DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE.The movie is way too long. It could have cut out multiple scenes and wouldn't be missing anything ---> That is the definition of terrible pacingI wanted to love this movie. I wanted to feel everything at this movie. I was told it was 'the best movie ever' and 'will make you sob at the end'.All I have to say is all these 10 star reviewers are in La La Land. I walked out of the theater and said, 'really?' Overall, this film is a solid 6-7.

My goodness, what a disappointment! Good actors, good director and rewards all over the place. Also I really enjoy the musical genre, so I thought nothing could go wrong.But this film is so long, boring and self-indulgent. No songs or dancing scenes will make a fond memory and you won't be humming any song on your way out.All the jazz bits are pretentious, I felt no passion of sharing like I had felt in Whiplash. Here you just have to accept that Jazz is this big and sacred 'thing' (frankly that the worst thing you can say about anything...) and get that idea hammered through your head throughout the whole movie.The story is bland, with lazy writing taking over and being the main star.This movie just got me bored and happy to see the 'End' sign. First time I felt that way after a musical film, usually you come out of those with enough energy to get you through a couple of days.

The story is inconclusive, narration is broken: we have start of the plot, just a piece of culmination and then final. What happened between? Am I myself must invent the motives of the two heroes? This gap in narration also makes the kaleidoscope of "what if..." senseless. Tapdance is muted by music - nonsense, this dance is supposed to be heard! Main hero walks in the same shoes for tap-dance till the end (what for? he will never tap again). This movie reminds me of Cafe society but simpler and with dancing. The music is good, but "Whiplash" had good music too and it was also stronger in many ways. Though I liked the scene in observatory and what the hero of Ryan Gosling told "Mia" about jazz. So, This movie is nice to watch only once. I will certainly re-watch "Hello, Dolly" or "West side story"... but La la land? never again!

La-La Land is a very important film. It received so many Oscars, but we have seen weak films awarded before that. It is important as a proclamation of incompetence. This film invaded the musical genre which traditionally belonged to artists who can sing and dance.The film is about a young woman who wants to become an actor and a young musician. Ryan Gosling who plays main protagonist is a good actor but this role is not for him; he is extremely clumsy and when he dances around a streetlight it resembles a parody on Gene Kelly in Singing in the Rain. His voice reminds one of a whining mosquito. Concerning Emma Stone, she also cannot sing or dance. At least she is not as clumsy as Ryan.The film's choreography was made with the imagination of a kindergarten teacher. The plot is a collection of trivialities and the camera work is made by a person who does not known anything about composition except for the central position in the frame, which makes this banal film even more boring and trivial than it could be. Only positive aspect is the light feeling of nostalgia is left by the film.Read more at: http://indie-cinema.com/2017/02/la-la-land-review/

Nice to look at, pleasant but nothing special. Yes they had to learn some dance numbers and to play the piano but that does not all of a sudden mean this is some incredible movie. It was just fine. not bad. not memorable. I sat down with an open mind ready for a new cinematic experience and left without any reason to recommend it to anyone. i had heard of the incredible acting from Ryan gosling and Emma stone but found no real moments that made me buy in to the relationship they had. not once was an emotion drawn out of me for the entire movie even as charming as the actors in this movie have the ability to be. so by all means watch this movie but you will find it a challenge to remember it after a week.

My wife and I found this movie dull. We even dozed off a little. It appeared to me to be strictly a vanity vehicle for the two stars: their undeniable good looks and their mediocre dancing. The plot was superficial with a pedestrian ending. Before the ending, the story line dragged on without much excitement, or even interesting twists. It stretched an oft-told story of romance into a boring feature-length film.This movie's award performance says more to me about the Hollywood awards themselves than about the movie. The Hollywood community praising itself and it's favored members. Vanity of Vanities, all is Vanity (Ecclesiastes I:2)

A short note from a genuine reviewer - DO NOT waste your time even planning to watch this one!! One of the most terrible few movies I ever saw! And the most overrated movie ever!! This is neither a musical nor a feature film seriously lacking a credible plot or great acting. Ryan and Emma are just stone-faced monuments but moving! My time at the theater did not last for more than 30 minutes and I just followed the exodus en mass! And I am warning you guys - do not get conned by the critics and those who give 10/10 here. It should go down history as a worst movie made ever! All this hype is ONLY because it IS made about Hollywood. I am so shocked and aghast that this crap made 11 nominations for GGlobe and won 7 but not a single for 'light between the oceans' - one of the best movies in 2016! This craziness is all created and driven by the corrupt Hollywood prop machinery to boost themselves and their favourites! Here's the mantra - As long as you make a movie on Hollywood dreams, its gonna rake all the awards however rotten it is!!Why this movie gets such roaring ovations and kudos is just because this world is full of so many naked Emperors??

Musicals have always been of my favorite movies. I owned the Albums (yes vinyl's) of "West Side Story," "The Sound of Music" "Music Man" and more. "Les Misérables" is my favorite movie of all time. So when the critics went CRAZY for this movie calling it the Academy Award Movie of the year and nominated for the "Golden Globe Award" I was excited. I did notice that only two theaters chose to show it the week I saw it, meaning the theaters weren't very impressed with its appeal. The theater owners were right. This is the most disappointing movie I've seen this year. ------------------------------------------- Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) & Mia (Emma Stone0 "are" the story and they are "ok." As always I liked J.K. Simmons in his (very) small role and I liked John Legend in his small role. That's it! I didn't care for the music, the story or how it was told. An hour and a half into the movie I thought that even a great ending wasn't going to save this movie. I didn't need to worry. The ending was the worst part of the movie. The critics are going on-and-on about the 31-year old writer and director of this movie. It looked like it was written and directed by an adolescent to me.

We left in the middle. I personally hate musicals. It look stupid for me to see people singing to each other . Why not talking ? Pure stupidity. Can't understand the high rating for that silly film. I hear it is nominated for some Oscars ???? How come ? Evan for musical lovers, there is nothing special in that movie.

I have never seen such a horrible film since 2012. It had terrible acting, terrible music, and an incredibly mind-numbing plot. Emma Stone is without a doubt the most annoying actress I have ever encountered. She is so horrible that I will make sure she is not an actress in any film I watch again. I wouldn't even see her films on a bet. I would go if paid to do so, but only with earplugs and an eye-mask.The plot is a typical boy-meets-girl-over-and-over-again til they become a 'thing'. Which is fine, if it's pulled off well. This wasn't, for the reasons I named above.I can't believe this movie got good reviews at all. I had to walk out after 30-40 minutes. I waited until my very tiny (thankfully!) bag of popcorn and beer were finished (which I downed as quickly as possible so I could get the heck out of there), and then I got out of there like a bat out of h-e-double-toothpicks.You might want to watch it if you don't consider Emma Stone the worst and most annoying actress ever, and/or watch Ryan Gosling desperately try to keep up with her poor acting (he had some trouble, but he managed to be a bad actor as well).Anyway, good riddance to bad rubbish. I'm glad I got outta there and that I didn't go with a person who wanted to stay.Find a film that isn't annoying, and go for it. Well, that's my recommendation anyway.

Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone prance about the stage for two mind-numbing hours, presumably searching for some plot and characterisation. I can't even recall what the characters were called, but they may as well have just been 'Ryan' and 'Emma', for that is all they were. It was an utterly tedious, unengaging experience and devoid of any quality or substance. I gave up after an hour. Against my better judgement I watched the rest the next day. However, I may as well have been watching Shark Attack 7 or some nonsense like that, for I just could not be bothered even looking at the TV. The singing and dancing did little for me, with two leads not very adept at either. I derived absolutely nothing from this entirely vacuous experience. I really do not understand what the point of this was.1/10

This is typical Hollywood marketing machine at work. The music is horrible, acting is just average and seriously how in the world did this movie ever get made?How in the world did this movie get such high ratings from Critics? Oh yeah probably because of all the fancy dinners or payoffs they received to love this film. Seriously, this movie is just horrible horrible horrible!!!!!Don't waste your $$$ on this pile of garbage.Can I please get my 2 hours life back? If not at least a coupon would be nice for Chic Fil A.

Most boring movie ever... As is normal with movies today, the worst, most sleep- inducing movies seem to get the best reviews from professional critics.I have to say that the requirements of ten lines for a movie review is ridiculous. If you don't like a movie, why does one need to write so much? Liking a movie makes it easy to write a long review, hating a movie doesn't take long at all.Knowing Hollywood, this movie will probably be nominated for a million awards, even though it doesn't deserve anything. What it deserves is to be forgotten completely.

Whether the wrong-prize scandal in Oscar is a "message" to Trump by deep state or just plain dumbness, this movie does not deserve any Oscars. Far from it. I cannot believe marketing is so powerful in today's movie industry. It just turns a bad movie without any script, any character development or quality (even musical quality) into a Oscar winning hype. I watched this movie with my girlfriend and we counted the minutes waiting for a quick end to this torture. At one point we wondered "if there is love in this movie, what is it that we feel for each other - or if we are in love, than what the heck are they telling in this movie?"If I say that the only good piece of music in the movie is "I Ran" (A Flock of Seagulls) you can guess the rest!

very mediocre and totally unforgettable songs sung by actors not singers. Not good dancers trying hard, with bad choreography,the story is pitifully bland with no real credible plot and an even worse ending. I know many people have rated this highly, far too highly in my opinion, but to balance that I have heard from many people who were so very disappointed and some even left during the film.. The 1/10 is because of the very high mark it has, maybe I should have given a more reasonable mark 2/10 no more, just over 2 hours of my life lost that I cannot ever get back.... I think maybe it is a "Kings new clothes" where people just follow the bandwagon frightened to say LA LA Land the movie was and still is pretty bad...

I so looked forward to this film and was greatly disappointed. I find it hard to believe that it is being spoken of as an Oscar contender. Ryan Gosling was fairly good in his movements but rather weak in singing. Emma Stone is awful; I do not comprehend her popularity at all; she never seems genuine to me; I feel I can tell she's acting and cannot get into her character. Some of the dancing scenes were downright silly and the songs unrealistic, thereby giving a feeling of falsehood. The main premise was believable but depicted poorly. The cinematography was fine as were the period artifacts displayed, lending authenticity to the era. However, overall it was simply a letdown and I cannot recommend it to anyone at all.

I don't get it. Some movies get really, really lucky and fortunate to get the high and rave reviews and also Oscars. I'm a musician and I couldn't stand this movie - it's only noise at the best - not much music in it.This movie is OVER-HYPED by their marketing department to make more money. Stay away from this unless you want to waste a couple of your hours that you will NEVER get back!

Much like Arrival, which the critics went gaga over and was a drama disguised as a science fiction film, the critics went gaga over this as well. Perhaps if they'd had some musically inclined people in it, rather than the cast they did, it might have kept my attention. But it didn't. I find Ryan Gosling bland, and really while I like Emma, she needs to stretch her acting muscles. The big eyed earnest waif act is wearing a bit thin. Her character in this could have been her character from Easy A, there's that little of a difference. Some critics have compared this to Singin in the Rain, but there is no comparison. That's a classic and this is just another over-hyped Hollywood movie. I'm sure some people love it. But I'm pretty sure just as many didn't.

La La Land (2016) Written and directed by Damien Chazelle, and that's the problem. A textbook example of the folly of letting a writer direct his own script. I've rarely seen such a pretentious, muddled, incoherent mess. The basic problem is that Chazelle doesn't know whether he's written a romantic drama or a musical romance. An independent director would have cut and rewritten the script to be firmly one or the other. Either way, it would have been a good movie. As it is, two fine actors are wasted, as are some fine musicians and dancers. Worst of all, the movie was boring. Only plus: some well done jazz.

What an over-rated film. The opening sequence on the L.A. freeway was nearly unbearable with its artificial, Politically Correct nonsensical 'this is L.A.' vibe. I'd say the only fun thing to watch in this film was Ryan Gosling. He really does justice to well-fitting clothes, he must have a perfect body. Emma Stone was fish-like to me, her bulbous eyes like a flounder in the beautiful briny deep. The director deserves credit for trying to make romance happen in the digital age, but in general, it's too late: everyone in privileged America is pretty much a soul-less zombie drone driving a Prius and numbly staring into the glow of their iPhone. In a fantasy world where people dance and sing, only Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen and Jacques Demy could do that possibility justice. Don't believe the hype, this movie is flat, dull, wishful thinking for a bygone era. It will sweep awards, no doubt, because, in a soul-less 21st Century, this film is the closest anything released by a mainstream film industry will have resembling 'heart.' A flounder Dead On Arrival, wrapped in pretty yellow paper, in my humble opinion. Two stars for Ryan's well-fitting pants and tight shirts.

First it is interesting. It has great visual. But the story is unclear. It is not focusing on certain topic. Is it about romance or about pursuing their dream. At first it is interesting when we were exposed to the difficulties the character facing to achieve their dream but what is actually the conflict is? After half of movie it is not even clear. After i skip it, i realize half of the movie spend focusing on Seb. Seriously??? I thought it is far more interesting if the movie just focus on Mia since we are exposed a lot to her complications. Frozen main character is unclear as Elsa is much interesting but it is about Anna. However the story is still connected and the conflict is clear. And it disappoint me more when suddenly Mia said no one come to her theater. Why there is no scene about it? Yep the visual might be interesting but the plot is failure. It deserved the Oscar mix up

I don't usually bother to write reviews but I just couldn't stand by passively on this one... This film simply does in no way, shape or form deserve above 6, and that's why I'm giving it a 1 now (it is at 8.4 currently). In a word, LLL is mediocre. The dancing and singing are poor. The plot is clichéd yet contrived. The characters are charmless and lack chemistry. The music is OK, but not great at all. The acting is alright, but just that. I could go on... The only plusses are on the technical and production sides. I thought it missed a great opportunity to tell a more important, original and uplifting story about when you don't "make it", even if you're good. It decided not to do so in a really forced and lazy way. I don't even know if this is a musical, a Nicholas Sparks type film or a feel good comedy. It tries to be all and is mediocre to bad at all as well as in the overall end result. The movie says nothing worth saying, is a bit depressing and very boring (which is no small feat considering it's supposed to be a musical). Well, here's the thing Hollywood: to make a great musical you need a good or fun story with great actors who are great singers and dancers. You also need at least five great compositions and choreographies. Oh, I see... you don't, because people are increasingly sheeple and stupid. All you really need is a great marketing machine... Come on people! Wake up!

I see the universal adulation this film has had, and there's much to admire. To my ears, though, it's sadly lacking in the one key element every musical needs: great songs. With the possible exception of "Audition (The Fools Who Dream)," there's not a memorable tune or soaring line to be found. It doesn't help that neither of the two leads has a strong singing voice, and as for dancing -- the steps are limited, and even within that scope, not particularly well-executed. Dancing, in a musical, has to be over-the-top good to carry the energy of the film.But the worst thing, really, is the lack of structure. Musicals are selective in the parts of the story that they take to build the three-act structure; the characters have to be established before we can care about them, have to face an obstacle so that we care more, and have to overcome it or die trying, at which point the big numbers come out. Here, we start with a big number -- the dance on the LA freeway -- but there's no reason for dancing as of yet. The love- not-at-first-sight motif is a good old one, but here it's so choppily presented that we're not sure whether we should care or not. It could be a slow-motion screwball comedy, or a musical revue punctuated by little life-dramas -- but to be a musical it must soar. This one is leaden, forced, and was painful for me to watch, despite much admirable production work and cinematography. After I got home, I watched "Singin' in the Rain" as an antidote, and felt much better. It's not impossible to revive the moribund musical genre -- it was done in 1981 with Pennies from Heaven, and several times over by Baz Luhrmann, who even managed to make some of his non- professional singing stars sound pretty darn good (see Moulin Rouge). But despite all the hype, this film, to me, felt like seeing an old friend imperfectly resurrected from the grave, with none of the old lively exuberance for which -- once upon a time -- he was known the world over.

If you see the first scene you have seen the hole movie. It is a love story that have no beginning. It starts without any script. It is a nonsense o story without reasons and plot. It is just a accumulation of songs and scenes, and for most they are not very impressive. The result. A very very boring picture. After the first hour I realize that it will be a real challenge to finish the film. I was so so so boring. It is impossible to spoiler this film cause have no plot at all. So If you are smart listen to the music at spotify. It is the only thing that it is worth to be heard or watched of this movie.

In the movie's defense, I couldn't make it past 24 minutes. I ignored the feedback from friends, trusted the ratings, like the cast, and thought maybe "they" just didn't get it. Holy you know what - the time period is off, no chemistry, jazz vs. Christmas carols,ugh... I just hope it all worked out in the end and they got together and everybody loved fake jazz at the end. What rhymes with trite? That aside,I have an idea where a handsome blues man is trying to make it Chicago at the beginning of blues, you know, the 1980's, and he meets a struggling beautiful girl but they don't get along at first but she likes his crazy new sound....

Can not understand how someone who is not a 6 year old can find this movie interesting. A waste of time and money for any adult, male or female. All people I spoke to were very disappointed. Poor story, poor execution. Acting was OK. Dancing was OK. But this is the 21st century, Hollywood can do better. much better. this may have been considered a good movie 30-50 years ago. not today. Not even 1 element in the movie that is new, that brings to life a new point of view, that hasn't been treated before, in a better manner, in so many movies. Nothing that makes you wonder or dream. I am trying to think of a good word regarding the movie... maybe the acting, which was OK. that's it.

I have to be honest and admit that musical is not my favorite type of movie but after all this good reviews and recommendation and all nominations for Oscars I decided to watch it yesterday. Calling myself a movie fan I just had to see it to be able to say what I think. Oh ....I don't even know where to start- I am so disappointed. I do like the actors- Ryan Gosling is great and Emma Stone is not bad also but that is the only positive in that film. Such a boring, long and usual story- nothing new, nothing surprising. Total fail in my eyes. I don't understand why people are so impressed by it. And why or why we are going like backwards - why suddenly we like old fashion type of cinema??? That is mystery for me... I am a woman so I do like good romance but even that was not the best I've seen. Have not much to say except- I seen it, it's done, will never watch it again- very forgettable average movie. Shame....

One can say many things about writer-director Damien Chazelle's "La La Land" and, indeed, the critics' plaudits and accolades have already infiltrated our national consciousness: it's a valentine to movie musicals; it's a musical for people who don't like musicals; it's a feel-good movie for all audiences; it's a tonic for our national malaise. The story--separated into seasonal chapters--is pretty basic: Emma Stone is a barista on the Warner Bros. movie lot who aspires to be an actress but can't get passed the audition phase; Ryan Gosling is a jazz pianist who longs to play his own compositions. They encourage each other to follow their dreams, which doesn't necessarily mean taking the financially lucrative road (although having money in the bank would certainly be an incentive for a better future, even if the 'artistic value' isn't there yet). Yes, Chazelle is in love with movies--he steals enough from the motion picture past to tell us that--and, certainly, the opening musical number on a jammed Los Angeles freeway is full of contagious acrobatic joy and celebration. The trouble is, these two young people aren't willing to compromise (perhaps that would be allowing for too much realism). Chazelle attempts to show us that success doesn't always lead to happiness, yet his protagonists don't see the big picture; starry-eyed, they want instant gratification through artistic expression. The dancing is polished (too polished, I thought) and the early numbers (such as one with Stone and her girlfriends) have a sprightly quality that is old-fashioned in concept and charmingly lacking in pretension. Still, the hardships of a romantic relationship pulled in different directions isn't all that interesting here, mainly because Gosling and Stone seem so charmed and picture-perfect. She trembles with a beginner's desperation during her auditions and is convincingly unhappy when her one-woman show doesn't pan out, but watching her out to dinner with an affluent date and his friends reveals nothing more than a princess eager to try another throne. Gosling has a moment or two when he's able to give us a natural response to a line or situation, but his concern for Stone seldom registers. The brightly-painted film is reaching for a certain height--a plastic paradise, a movie heaven--that will flood us with good feelings in its attempt and break our hearts with its climax. However, if you are not invested in these characters by the midway point, it will all seem like a glossy charade. ** from ****

La La Land is summed up in it's title, and is a direct reflection of celebrity obsessed America. It will rate highly with those who don't have a real job, are highly over-paid or the anti-deplorables (elitist gentrified sanctimonious city folk). It is bland, directionless scripted dribble with good actors playing bad parts, and acting badly.Hollywood has lost its way, repeats of old ideas, a plethora of movies without real plots, without good scripts, having any real meaning or with mediocre TV learned method acting talent. Not all films have to be great films, everyone likes escapism at times, and we don't expect a Citizen Kane, a Godfather, or Blade runner all the time, however, what is criminal, is if we treat this film above its real status, which, unfortunately, appears to be the case based on its IMDb rating.

In a word: turgid. Given the hype, I had expected an up-beat colourful, all-singing & dancing romp. Boy, was I disappointed! Save your money and take your loved one for a couple of beers instead.The opening traffic jam song-dance sequence was a nigh-on unintelligible uninspiring mess that added pointless minutes to what turned out in any case to be an over-long film. From there on we limp though a lacklustre passionless "romance" until we reach an ambiguous ending. There are a couple of cute songs along the way. The dancing is disappointing, especially if you're thinking of something along the lines of Fred Astaire & Ginger Rogers. Ironically the high spot for me was the sequence where Ryan Gosling's character is playing keyboards in a pop band, something that conflicts with his jazz-based musical values. Gosling's character seemed mildly depressed throughout. which is not appealing. And although Stone can act convincingly, there's a limit to how much big eyed gazing I can take. When good films end, an audience will be buzzing with conversation, with smiles on faces. This one ended with silent shuffling. There was a palpable sense of disappointment. Did wives feel guilty for dragging their husbands to such a turkey? And did husbands fume at losing 2 hours of their lives, which could have been spent watching "Homes under the hammer" on TV?

Since La La Land won 7 Golden Globes, here is me comparing it to 7 well-received movies from past years. Also, giving my own awards:1) It is like Boyhood (2014) in terms of average. If you don't know, Boyhood is the most average movie ever made. La La Land gets the "Most Average Movie Since Boyhood" -Award from me.2) In terms of characters, it is lot like another romance from 2012 called Silver Linings Playbook. If the characters from that movie didn't have personalities, they could be main characters in La La Land. 3) In terms of songs, it is the opposite of Les Misérables (2012). The OST is either popular meme songs, original content which lacks completely and utterly in lyric creativity or Jazz which varies from "this is why I don't like jazz" to "I should listen to more jazz."4) The second award I will give to La La Land is "I Will Forget Everything That Happened In It In A Week" -Award. This movie is about as memorable and live-changing as James Cameron's Avatar from 2009. It lasted some hours and later on the time spent watching it is worth as much as random hour from 15 years ago when you were bored and kicked rocks while waiting school buss to arrive. It happened, but can you go into details about it? No, most likely not. Time spent averagely. 5) In terms of conclusion, the movie is like Whiplash (2014) -they both even have J.K. Simmons. The main difference being that Whiplash's ending was the pinnacle of the story where La La Land's ending was flat like earth -according to some. 6) In terms of atmosphere the movie is like Café Society (2016) from Woody Allen. Except La La Land's changes from "this is supposedly cheerful" to "supposedly emotional" while Cafe Society was more like "if you see any differences in atmosphere during these 1.5 hours, you most likely have serious case of paranoid schizophrenia." 7) Now this is acting. How did Emma Stone beat Meryl Streep? Her performance in Florence Foster Jenkins (2016) was easily the most impressive sole performance seen in 2016. She carried that whole movie alone. Emma Stone only impressed me twice while trying to convey feelings by directly starting into the camera during jazz scenes. The second time wasn't even that good because it was just repetitive. Also, I lied. This movie didn't really change anything.

I like movie musicals, like 'West Side Story', 'Mamma Mia' or even 'Mary Poppins', so I was really looking forward to seeing this movie - especially after the great opening on the highway. Unfortunately, my expectations were disappointed. Just because everyone says that the movie is great, it doesn't mean it is.First of all, the plot is not very interesting. Mia (Emma Stone) works in a coffee shop but wants to become an actress. She falls in love with jazz pianist Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) whom she meets roughly 10 times "by chance". Sebastian tries to save jazz and convinces Mia that jazz is the best music in the world. At the end, Mia gives up her dream while Sebastian creates a successful jazz club. Since there is so little action, much of the time there's boring conversation and a lot of clichés. At the end a different, shortened version of the movie is presented where the protagonists are always successful. It was so hard to watch it to the end.Second, the singing and dancing was mediocre. Emma stone performed better than Ryan Gosling, but that isn't hard. None of them are professional singers or dancers.Third, there's the music. Google says there are 28 songs, but some of the themes are used in very many different songs. Maybe I would have been overwhelmed by the music if it wasn't that repetitive. But 'City of Stars' or 'Mia and Sebastian's theme' were played so often that I was really annoyed when I had to hear it the fifth time.All in all, I can't recommend this movie. If you are a jazz lover, there are some music scenes that might interest you, but you can also watch them on Youtube.

It was such a below average movie. One thing expected of a musical is great music, music that you come out humming, but it could not give me one. There are only occasional pieces of piano and Jazz which were nice.The opening score was so long and horrible.I really hated the motion-blur effect in the movie. The characters were the typical LA artists, struggling. There was nothing to the characters, no complexity with the characters, no complexity in the relationships between characters. Ryan Gosling was a really bad singer. It was too long for the content, I kept watching my phone to know the time. Almost slept during the movie.

After rave reviews and the Golden Globes there's now an Oscar/Bafta buzz attached to LA :LA LAND. Sorry to rain on the big parade but I was not blown away. Yes, there's some charm here with all the homage to the Golden Age of romantic musicals, and Ryan Gosling remains the most charismatic of today's young stars, but the music simply isn't musical enough. Gosling and Emma Stone can just about carry a song and do a bit of amateur hoofing, but really the singing is nearly as ragged as it was in the screen version of LES MISERABLES and the dancing is about as far from Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly as the first round of 'Dancing With the Stars'.OK, Kelly and Astaire (and Ginger Rogers and other co-stars of theirs) did not have great singing voices, but they were fantastic dancers and the song-and-dance numbers in their movies were never less than dazzling. The closest LA LA LAND comes to dazzling is in the final routine, a low-rent tribute to AN American IN Paris, but it just doesn't have enough dazzle. As musicals go, fings ain't what they used to be. The jazz club scenes hit the only high spots. Gosling really looks as if he's creating magic on the piano, but there's no magic in his singing or his dancing – nor in Stone's, who alas doesn't have her co-star's redeeming charisma. The love-story has a certain amount of charm but, like the music, it could do with a bit more 'zing'.The Golden Age nostalgia also extends to a clunky tribute to REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE. But nostalgia just isn't enough and there's too much clunkiness on display here. They say there isn't the money to create great musicals like we had in MGM's heyday. Surely it would take only a fraction of the budget for a CGI-heavy action movie or space opera to hire some first-rate dancers and singers who can act - or, if we must, actors who can sing (or mime to a better singer)? SINGIN' IN THE RAIN cannot have been a big-budget production, but it's still the greatest of the greats.

I've joined the hype train and I got really burned. This film was mostly bad. How in the world it won so many awards?First of all, E S and R G can't sing to save their lives. E S got only one song which she really sang using her chest voice and I don't really think it was her voice because of the discrepancy of what she sang previously up to that point. This film has no plot. It's like a musical version of Fifty Shades of Grey without the "action", distilled for kids, reaching really cringe-worthy moments. The love story is a Hollywood cliché, sterile and devoid of any real meaning or connection to reality. I'm really confused about the music, since this is what I've been doing for the past twenty years to make a living. Most of the songs are somewhat immature in the composition manner while their arrangements are quite beautiful. They are not close to how a true pedigree musical should sound like. They feel like the cheap version for a true musical, especially considering that the film goes to great lengths to substitute the ineptitude of the lead actors / singers with many many instrumental parts that most of the time feel inadequate, even though the orchestration and the mixing, in theory, is flawless. The whole movie revolves around just one melodic motif which gets overused really fast. Most of the arrangements are well executed, yet simplistic in manner with mostly appearance over essence. It's like reading a children's book. For me, that illustrates overreaching, without the necessary experience or profoundness to fully grasp the important concepts one is trying to say. The elements that constitute the movie just don't synergize good enough with each other to make it work. However there are several jazz arrangements that stand out of the crowd, and there's even a pop song which is pretty dope. I think it was the high point of the movie. The film digs deep into its technicality to recreate the look and feel of the golden age of American cinematography. It uses almost all the tricks in the book: they dress the extras in very earthy colors and the leads in bright and vivid colors so they can really stand out, the use of silhouettes, a lot of floodlight reminiscent of carbon arc lightning, classic red green blue primaries color palette which is a true beauty to behold in several scenes. They used old anamorphic lenses, they color graded the footage as to be reminiscent of the glorious Technicolor age and its 3 strip process. The sets are beautiful. All this requires tremendous work and it really shines throughout the film. The team that was in charge of the technical aspects is top notch first class hands down no question. And here lies the true sadness: what it is and what it could have been. La La Land has many nods to different classic films. It clearly pays respects to Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire. And here lies another big problem. Those guys were Gods with shoes on. Compared to them, R G is a world class grade A dilettante. He's a good actor, whatever, but his dancing skills reminds me of that show Dancing With the Stars at most, which I always zapped away from. The film pays respects and nods at many old classics, while itself achieving nothing except basking in a pool of mediocrity, and worse, it's getting big time rewarded for it. No! That's just wrong. It's a disturbing trend and a symptom of a much greater and complex problem our society suffers from. It's like anti-vaxers for art.The ending is the lowest point for this film. I'm obviously not spoiling it, but it will leave you wanting your money back. For me it was the killing blow. If there's a word to describe this whole experience, it's kitsch. For a comedy, it's barely funny and apart from the technical aspects which are really good, there is very little of movie metamaterial that could hold up under close scrutiny when compared to the great classics, or even other modern musicals for that matter. I'm sorry.

Love these actors. Several of my favorites of all time even though they are much younger than I. Wanted to watch a movie that would be uplifting and just mellow me out. The beginning of the movie - I must admit - didn't grab my interest or raise my endorphin level by much - BUT didn't give up on three of my favorite actors - J.K. Simmons, Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling - they are all among my favorite actors....and AT LAST - they finally enter the heart of the movie where the script began to rock and grab you by the heart and soul.Then in the final scene - it is all ripped from you - your happy and mellow mood is kicked a good one. It all leaves you. I am at the end of the movie so mad....why didn't someone warn me? I don't understand. What was the writer thinking? Did they intentionally want to put me in a depressed state of mind? I must say - Emma Stone has a beautiful voice and I loved every minute of watching her. Really loved her character and how she developed it. Ryan Gosling plays the piano fantastically...wow. As a once upon a time ballerina who also picked up tap and jazz - I was very impressed with their dancing....loved it. J.K. Simmons is one of the few actors who can take a small part and deliver greatness. They never disappointed me - the script did.I still love Emma and Ryan and J.K.. But the screenwriter - I will watch out for in the future...to make sure I never pay to see another of his screenplays...

I must be from another planet! This film which did so well at the recent Oscars, made me painfully aware that my taste is much different from those who gave it such a good rating.I like musicals, but found this not to be one. What story was there to see? I watched the movie on disc and found the dancing in the traffic jam at the start, a load of rubbish and hurtful to watch. I battled on watching, but after almost half an hour, scanned through to the end. The flashing picture before my eyes, was no different when watching the movie! The same scenes over and over again.If the movie had anything in its favor, I missed this completely. Oh well, I saved about 2 hours of pain. Thanks goodness I am still sane after this experience. I give it a rating of 2, because of not having seen the movie at normal speed, otherwise it would probably be a 1.

SPOILER ALERT This review details the end of the film so best avoided until after viewing (or not bothering to view) the film.The problem with La La Land, as I see it, is exactly the same as Arrival.I spent a couple of hours getting into the film, only to discover that the ending made the rest of the film completely irrelevant, which sort of abuses my trust in spending money and time on the picture.In all honesty, who would make a film about their relationship with their EX? Most people have a past love who went on to happily marry someone-else. Would you really want to celebrate that fact in film? I don't think so.I left the cinema thinking that Sebastian had thrown away the best thing that ever happened to him. A reason to celebrate? I don't think so.Also, five years later Mia has met, courted and married someone-else and had a baby who looked two years old. She can't have missed Sebastian that much then as she was supposedly spending the first of those five years making and publicizing a film. That gave her just over a further year before getting pregnant for nine months. Hmmm."10 years later" would have been more realistic.All in all, a well made film but a waste of my time, money and emotional investment in the characters.

To boot, I loved almost all the separate components of the film individually but I didn't love the resulting bundle.Aesthetically, my eyes were gently caressed with beauty for the full duration of the movie and for that I'm most appreciative.Ryan Gosling is his usual, immaculate self, succeeding in gracing us with yet another stunning performance -- stylish, suave and utterly charming.Emma Stone has her ups and middles but never a down, and she gave me one of the sole two scenes that made my breathing falter against an emotional hiccup; another win.Now, on the musical side of things...Meh.The songs left me disinterested, the overall sound dress of the film rang uninspired and repetitive, only resonating with my pathos during a couple of instances, while the rest lagged tiredly to the request of the more instinct-driven scenes.The story itself... a bit silly, no? Simplistic almost, benefiting from a strong start, a fantastic ending and the sparking chemistry between the protagonists, on the other hand, lacking any sort of actual substance past the forced demand to fall head over heels with the kitty- cuteness that we are being presented, no questions asked. I don't like having my arm twisted into feeling, and this is where this otherwise whimsical tale of sensory affluence hit another miss for me.To sum up. I acknowledge the individuality of the project, felt the strive and artistry that is so craftily weaved into the seams of this audiovisual extravaganza and I was, without a doubt, entertained. On the flip side, the way it all translated to my reason, the shortcomings of La La Land make this a middle-tier effort, only edging ahead on account of the fact that along with the glossy couple, I got to glide with effortless elegance through a Starry Night, brush shoulders with Monet, journey into the colourful and the capricious.For that fact, I will accept defeat, bump it up another star and humbly take off my fedora to it.

totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made totally agree, the most boring and over rated film ever made

Just saw this at TIFF and had a fantastic time! Solid 8.5/10. Having seen and loved Whiplash , I was really looking forward to Damien Chazelle's next movie. The fact that it would be a musical with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone just made me super impatient to watch it. Oh I also love jazz so that just made it pretty much perfect. Expectations were sky high from this team and boy did they meet them...and then some. The trailer was beautiful, from its colours to the soundtrack to the fact that it didn't give away any of the story and it really was just the trailer since the movie and it's music totally blows you away. The themes it explores , though not new, are relatable for anybody and the way the story is told really makes an impact. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone were really impressive with their dancing and singing. I've always loved how natural their acting is as well and this movie was no different. Thoroughly enjoyed both their performances.The lead characters may be struggling in certain fields but it is their dreams they are chasing at the end of the day...Something we all have done or are in the process of doing. This makes you quickly feel like you know these people and what they're going through. Throw in some comedy, love, drama and magical soundtracks as well as sequences and you have yourself a masterpiece. I really haven't seen anything like this in a very long time. Damien Chazelle has proved himself again and is definitely someone to lookout for for years to come!

Movie Starts on a great note, but looses steam in between. The director could have done something about this. there are scenes in between, why you start feeling the protagonist is acting in the movie. Its a good movie no doubt, but i was comparing this to all time classic musical hit "The Sound of Music". Director should have retaken some scenes to have a smooth flow between the events.for ex, the way Mia ditches her ex makes no sense. She just runs away to see a movie with a new guy ? crazy. Sebastian is having dinner with Mia...the dialogues look so forced on to the audience :( compare the other romantic movies...the notebook or 50 first dates. The "feel" that you get after watching the movie...it stays on for few hours. I liked the idea of the ending, but again, looks very disconnected. 5 years not in touch ? what came in between them for those 5 years ? ego or plain interest lost between them ? don't try to pull a Nolan here.

I was excited to see this movie, but as soon as it started I could tell it wasn't going to be great. The costumes/clothing in the movie were utterly hideous. I have no idea who dressed these people, but whoever that person happens to be I want to ask them what the hell they were thinking?? Could they dress her in any more unflattering clothes?? It looked like an anthropology nightmare. Ryan and Emma also had absolutely no chemistry whatsoever. Yes, the dancing was OK., but I would hardly call what they did singing, it was more like talking. Lastly, the ending was pretty awful.. 2 hours of my life wasted. The only people I would recommend this movie to would be ppl who like jazz or people that like musicals. Across the universe was slaughtered by reviewers and critics, but it my opinion it was ten times better than this supposed musical.

There was a time that to be in a musical you had to have talent. You might be able to dance like Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly. Or at least if your dancing were suspect you might be able to sing like Sinatra or Streisand or at least like Meryl Streep. But La La Land is a perfect Millennial movie where everyone who shows up gets a trophy for trying. Today we tend to confuse talent with fame. As long as you have the right "Q Score" and can pull in the right demographic then that's all you need. Even in the day of the dinosaur when they made West Side Story they at least made sure the featured players were made to look good by surrounding them with professionals Gosling has the requisite bona fides as heart throb, especially when paired with Emma Stone, and has some musical skill but he is dancing on his fame here, which is probably enough for today's audiences. The movie looks good and if you like splashy over saturated color then there are some visuals for you to enjoy if you were a fan of the TV show Pushing Daisies. No doubt this film will be a fav wth would be auteurs and wanna be Broadway dancers; However, I found it a romantic yawn but the "chic flic" crowd will drag their dates to see it. Be sure you bring a phone and ear buds.

This is basically a typical and predictable film which is typical broadway.The acting is poor overall and the dance sequences appear to be far too similar in the Cherography.The ending may not have been typical but it's not worthy of even being nominated for an Oscar let alone winning.

OK we re not so down with the movies but we expected to see a combination of Marry Poppins and the Diary, after seeing all the reviews and Oscar nominations but what the hell was that?Do they think in Hollywood that we re brain dead zombies and we re gonna fall for this crap?Don't spend a dime and time for this, better look at your ceiling for 2 hours its more productive..IMDb metric system isn't trustworthy after this for sure..

This movie is so overrated. It has great production value, but it kind of ends there. The movie is a musical, but half way through it decides to suddenly stop being a music and just turns into a boring drama with a dull plot. Although the movie started with decent momentum, it quickly just falls apart and gets really boring in the second half of the movie.Musicals often don't have very strong plots, but makeup for it with music. La La Land did not do this. Instead they just have a few songs and a boring plot. Also, Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling were terrible choices for this movie. They both are mediocre singers (especially Gosling) and terrible dancers (the dancing scene seemed so forced and unnatural). There are literally thousands of amazing theater actors and singers out there, but for some reason they chose two people who have zero experience in show theater. Makes no sense.Critics need to stop judging movies based on production value. This movie was mediocre at best and doesn't deserve any special recognition.

This movie begins with great promise and for the first thirty minutes or so I thought this could be a really great movie; an homage to Old Hollywood, a whimsical old-fashioned musical set in contemporary LA. Some of the musical sequences during the first half of the movie are truly wonderful. But it feels like this movie is in two halves – the second half of the movie is sad, depressing, unengaging and devoid of any of the lustre or magic of the first half. The story becomes clunky, the characters are not interesting anymore. It was turning into 'Blue Valentine-The Musical' - I started to question the motives of the filmmakers, what exactly are they trying to achieve here? Get people to see a modern movie musical and then turn it into a slow, protracted break up movie? The icing on the cake was the end musical sequence, showing what 'could have been' if the two main characters had stayed together. I was thinking, 'what's the point of this' – it doesn't matter that they didn't stay together. They both attain great success, they both followed their dreams – why then show an extended sequence which comes across as 'if only they had stayed together look what would have happened'? It seemed pointless and really unmoving considering what I think the filmmakers were trying to do. But in the end, it doesn't matter what the director was hoping to achieve. It's already a huge success. It's a star vehicle with A-list actors and it will win all the awards because it's an "oscar winning movie". But I know I'm not alone in my opinion of this film as an audience member, and that really is all that matters to me.

I'm completely baffled on all the hype around this, the awards. And it beats me why people write those 10-star reviews.I love these actors, music, musicals, old and new settings, classics, good jazz, romance -- practically everything that was used to mix up this film. Yet it fell short of being enjoyable by a mile. Or ten.The musical part has just one song really. And while it returns 3-4 times can't carry a 2+ hours sitting. And there are good parts, not even few, but put together add up to maybe 15 minutes. Definitely less than 20.2016 was a really bad year for cinema, but even there 15% good content can not put you on the short list. Or the long list.Also it looks like shot directly for iPad watching. Nothing in it requires to be in a movie theater. And beyond a handful of minutes of piano and jazz parts even speakers are not to be missed.So if you absolutely want to watch it, I recommend do it at home equipped with food, partner, other distractions and a fast-forward button. But if you skip it altogether, you hardly lose anything either.Real shame wasting all that talent, and more so fueling the hype and reinforcing the bad trend that keeps actually good pictures from being financed.

when you finally thought the critics couldn't get worse. Well in this movie we have music, singing, romance, drama and extremely childish comedy(i would never really call it comedy)... Like any other chick flick. Yeah it is confirmed that 85% of all movie critics are brain dead faggots. Because people just made this movie officially the best movie in the world. i don't want to live in a world like that. this movie makes me ashamed to be human and i would rather die as a stray dog by the age of 2 then say that this movie is close to good. Don't watch it if you consider yourself to be sane in the brain because if you do your brain and all sense in there will gone long gone half way into the movie 0/10

La La Land sent the cinematic world into a frenzy, and I can't quite say I understand the hype. A musical in 2017 is bound to send people into a frenzy of excitement, anticipation and nostalgia. However, I think it was a bit over done. The beautiful dance scene after the party was a scene well though out enough to get all of our 1950s musical senses tingling, however didn't the iPhone ring just ruin it? I can see what the filmmakers are trying to do here, but isn't it a bit overbearing and too ironic? Irony is best served subtly. Although, the songs were captivating and both actors delivered beautiful performances and I won't forget about it any time soon. Worth seeing, even if it is to just be a bit confused by the concept.

This film is a bit over-hyped. 14 Oscar nominations, seriously?I saw this film yesterday, and I'm pretty sure it won't stick with me for a very long time. The story is too flimsy. It misses edge, plot, drama... It misses depth.I was tricked by the beautiful and inspiring trailer, which summarizes the film actually. I was also tricked by the misses who really really wanted to see this film (which she didn't like as much as she thought she would)To go short, positive aspects of Lalaland: theme song, performance of Emma Stone, scenery and colors.Negative aspects of Lalaland: flimsy scenario without much edge, inconsistencies, sappy songs (besides theme song) and average film all in all.I wouldn't even call this film a musical, because there isn't that much music in the film... And definitively not enough jazz...Three people walked out of the cinema yesterday (out of 15 people). Hardly a sign that this is a must-see movie, no?

What's bringing this film praise and attention is how this type of movie has not been created in recent years. But beyond this fact lies the qualities of a great movie that were just not present.Sacrificed plot line, superficial, weak casting, obvious techniques, convoluted range of styles and random classic film references.Casting: Come on! Emma Stone is no Debbie Reynolds. Neither Stone nor Gosling are dancers. Which means they would've had to learn how to for the role. Albeit it was not a disaster but it was certainly not memorable, which it be should for a 14 Oscar nominated musical. Musical. Remember JK Simmons from Whiplash (2014)? Was his role in La La Land a cameo? Not quite, but it was an absolute waste.Protagonists: I thought (seeing from the trailer) Sebastian was going to be the energetic, doesn't-care-about-the-rules-just-cares-about the-passion kind of guy who encourages Mia, which he is at the beginning of the film. However this attitude fades and the reason wasn't made clear enough (miscommunication between Mia and Seb). Halfway through the film, we never see his passion anymore. Inconsistency? Growth? But from what?Everyone else: Either the director was deeply trying to focus on just Mia and Sebastian or all the other characters in the film were swept aside equivalents to NPC's from The Sim's. Dancing: Was not abundant nor top notch. Revolved around head turns and fancy running.Soundtrack: The best component of the movie; I love nothing more than Mia and Sebastian's 'Epilogue' theme. Every other official theme of the film was also absolute brilliance; simple, dreamy, elegant, sincere, potentially iconic. Was also a beautiful motif. Plot line: Between predictable and difficult to recall. Predictable due to it's romantic genre, difficult to recall because it was overshadowed by the film's aesthetic focus. Sebastian's scene where he sang "City of Stars" - a 4-5 minute scene of just him singing on the pier - had no meaning and said nothing about anyone or anything (great song though). About half way - 2/3 into the film, all excitement was lost and I was bored. Boredom peaked at Mia's audition where she spoke about her aunt. All in all, not memorable nor something someone would compliment the film on (excluding it's twist ending).Twist Ending: The "what could have been" sequence was truly emotionally significant, honest and genuinely bittersweet.Moral: I was impressed by how intensely the film focused on the reality of stardom in theater and the arts - even down to the nuances of rejection - when Mia's audition is rudely interrupted by a casting director wanting a sandwich - it truly touches the core of how quietly brutal it is to receive nothing after giving it your all, in complete vulnerability. Which is why I was disappointed when the writers abandoned this message nearing the end by slapping on a "Five Years Later" time skip, giving Mia the life of a successful movie star, Sebastian his Jazz Club, to dwindle the moral of the film to something like "love doesn't go the way you imagined it would." Because romance is everything. Film Techniques: Effectively supported the popping visuals of the film. However at times, purposely or not, it didn't deliver what was comfortable for audiences. A full body shot that dragged on, never cutting closer to the actor's face; a close up of the actor's face for too uncomfortably long. The use of crescendos cutting to black were over used (became annoying). See when Whiplash (2014) used this for it's sudden ending? That was perfect and it was the only time it happened. The main tune motif was almost over used. See when Sebastian plays that tune at the end when he spots Mia in the crowd for the first time after 5 years? That was a perfect use of it. Can't say the same in all the other insignificant parts when it came up. Motifs: Library, honking horn, main tune - awesome, clever. Visual Effects: The cloud scene was awkward to watch, worst part of the film. Scenes where reality turned abstract became too obvious, sudden lighting changes (which were okay but then it happened too often), characters sweeping across settings etc. Design: Spectacular retro feeling, yet is clearly set in the present day therefore the 20th century car models and primary colour dresses were too clearly contrived (unless we just happen to be viewing the lives of a minority population stuck/obsessed with the 60's) John Legend's appearance: ???Verdict: Overrated. This film had a lot of potential. It was an exciting concept. Films like this don't exist anymore. But in truth it was flawed and overall weak. However kudos to the hard work put into orchestrating and capturing mass choreographed dances in single shots. Truly visually stunning, great film techniques, successfully immerses audiences into it's dream-like world. Intensely honest look at the reality of love and artistic career paths. Original soundtrack - deserves the praise; In every other area, it could have been more.

This movie is overrated to say the least.Because of the reception it had among critics and the amount of Golden Globe Awards and Academy Awards nominations it got, I thought this would be genius work, a true masterpiece.That's not exactly what this movie is.First, Emma Stone doesn't deserve best actress nomination. She can't act if her life depends on it, has no charisma, no presence, and in this movie she has the same mannerisms she had in that stupid teen movie "Easy A". No effort at all.Ryan Gosling deserves the nomination, but definitely does not deserve the award. Though his performance is convincing and pleasant, it's not amazing enough to be awarded with an Oscar. That being said (spoiler alert), the plot is basically this: girl meets guy. They fall in love. Girl wants to be a famous actress. Guy wants to have a jazz bar. They both make bad professional choices in life, which eventually make them fall apart. Years later, girl is already a famous actress, married, and meets the guy in the jazz bar he founded (boring Casablanca reference, anyone?). She obviously does not stay with him and the ending implies that they never saw each other again. The end. Basically, this is the plot in a nutshell. Now add some cringeworthy dancing and singing scenes, some attempts to dance jazz and a vintage costume design and you'll have what's called by most deluded critics "a masterpiece". Don't waste your time watching this.

I love musicals but this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I walked out with just ten minutes left because I couldn't take it any more. It was a long boring story line with OK acting and unmemorable tunes. Bamboo shoots under my fingernails would have been less painful. I don't get all the awards and nominations.

Come on people, step back a bit and get some perspective on this show – put aside the Hollywood hype. The story here – trying to make it big in LA – has been done a million times and this attempt failed to show us anything new. I respect Ryan Gosling as an actor; I think he has great range and has shown this in many vastly differing roles (Drive, The Big Short, Crazy Stupid Love, The Place Beyond the Pines, Gangster Squad, Lars and the Real Girl, Fracture), but he is not a song and dance man. Emma Stone is a competent actor; I've never seen her do anything badly, but nothing that would promote her to my A list, and she should leave song and dance alone as well. Even the fantasy scenes were nothing new or special. I thought the ending was something new and very well done, but that's about it. The story, boring and ordinary, was presented at a snail's pace (I overheard someone near me, in a packed theater by the way, say, "Oh, come on, get on with it.")If you want to see a real musical, dig through your old DVDs for "Cabaret" and "Sweet Charity", both musicals that owe nothing to anything that came before and stand as living tributes to the genius of Bob Fosse.I'm not listening to the Hollywood hype and marking this at a 3 (barely worth watching on DVD).

La la land i was curious to watch this one as i am a big fan of musicals. Well i was disappointed all this movie did was make me nostalgic of old classics like Singing in the rain. This film did not have anything new to add to a long line of amazing movies of this genre. I felt like all the clichés from the cinema history were recycled in order to create a plot-line for La la land. Although the acting on both protagonists was really amazing there was not much they could have done to begin with because the story lacked so much depth. I liked the concept that this was a story about finding the courage to achieve your dreams but the script was just poorly written. The director tried to combine digital effects with the musical atmosphere of the old Hollywood, but all this did was make the film even less unimpressive. Instead of focusing on effects he should have put as much effort to create realistic characters. Honestly the only thing i enjoyed about this film was the dancing scenes and although i liked them it still felt unoriginal and lacking. It felt like they just copied one of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers's movies. Also one of the things that really bothered me was the cinematography. I was really amazed they filmed the opening sequence with such hard natural light. If they had filmed the same thing a few hours before when the sunlight was softer the results would have been a hundred percent better. As for the constant hard lightning at the piano playing scenes it didn't allow me to see the actors facial expressions and that annoyed me especially at the emotionally charged moments. I felt that the director of photography had not an ounce of artistic touch here. The cinematography of this film is completely forgettable. To sum things up in my opinion all this movie did was copy old classics poorly. It was not executed well and it lacked the most important element of all film magic. If i were you i would not spend my money to see this at the cinema.

I'm a big fan of musicals - on film and in the theater - so I had high hopes for La La Land. Combine its genre with the fact that it seemed like a love note to the great city of Los Angeles, always a rich backdrop for a film, and I was eager to see this movie. I was sorely disappointed. First, the casting of Gosling and Stone is all wrong. Neither can sing, or at least certainly not well enough to make the many musical numbers enjoyable. The dancing in the film is basic and didn't hold my attention, including in the much-lauded opening number. So, if neither Gosling nor Stone fit the bill based on their musical abilities, maybe their on-screen chemistry would explain their roles in this picture? Not even close. I couldn't believe for a second that these characters really loved one another. There was no credible romance between them; I'd go so far as to call their relationship awkward. Stone, for her part, delivers her lines very well and has much more range as an actor than Gosling, who, no matter how many movies I see him in, always seems to be playing a caricature of himself. But her talent isn't enough to save the film. Then, there is the plot. There is very little of it. The movie, clocking in at just over 2 hours, feels like 3. So little attention was paid to story, and so much paid to fetishizing mid-Century Hollywood filmmaking, that I couldn't help by feel the film dragging and stumbling from one poorly written set piece to another, without succeeding at captivating my interest at any point. For example: Gosling's character is set up as a down-and-out struggling musician without an ounce of opportunity or luck on his side. What, then, explains his seemingly effortless rise in the film as he scores a gig playing with musicians he used to swoon for as a spectator, or the way he suddenly hops into national stardom by partnering with John Legend's highly successful band? There is nothing that really explains his character's quick transition from bitter failure to jazz superstar. There is a charming final song-and-dance number in La La Land, but it comes too late to save the movie. Overall, La La Land is a half-baked pastiche of a movie with forgettable music, lackluster dancing, thin story, and insincere character development. SKIP IT!

A boring story with boring music. It was painfully long. The praise heaped on it leaves me in disbelief except that Hollywood loves Hollywood. Emma Stone is the latest in line of anorexic looking actresses. I felt scammed by the reviews into watching it longer than I felt any interest in doing so. The characters didn't engage and the music didn't please.

These five stars go only to the actors themselves, who were phenomenal, and also genuinely touching as singers.This film left me feeling like most Hollywood films do - like eating several packages of skittles in one sitting. After suffering through the unbelievably nauseating script, which turns what could be a very beautiful and romantic story into probably the most boring, uninspired relationship I've ever seen, I still couldn't get one thing out of my head:What does any of this music have to do with jazz or musicals? Everything I heard was thinly veiled pop music chords with trumpets or saxophones to disguise them. There was no joy in any of the melodies, nothing touching whatsoever about Emma Stones' solo, just purely banal, lifeless chord progressions.This film is not art, the same way skittles are not food. But at least skittles don't market themselves as a word-class meal, which is honest, unlike this widely acclaimed "masterpiece" that betrays the aspirations of art entirely.

Words I heard from so many people about this movie prior to seeing it was epic, spectacular, classic. I was so excited to see it and had such high expectations going into this film, especially since I just adore Emma Stone. I was sadly disappointed. I don't see what everyone else saw. I did enjoy some of the singing and dancing, also the desire to bring back the amazing and inspiring classics of original musicals. This was all just so epically wrong. Where do I even begin? The plot was not very inspiring, but kinda boring. The end was the worst ending to any movie of all time. I really wanted to not only like this movie, but love it. I just can't. It was meant to bring back the dead epic Hollywood musicals of Fred Astaire, but it was uninspiring and just altogether an epic failure for me. This movie made me cry, not Notebook cry, but like George Cloony playing Batman cry.

I, unfortunately, was dragged to this by a date. I have seen two musicals (Hair and Grease) in my life that didn't make me want to vomit over the absolutely ridiculous notion that people burst out in song and dance at the drop of a hat. This POS movie made me stand up and leave after 5 minutes. Needless to say there was no second date and to be frank, I wouldn't suffer through this pile of steaming manure for the hottest woman in the world!

I was very disappointed with Lah Lah land as the story line was very thin, a bit like sliding doors towards the end and to me it was very boring. However the actors were very good, particularly Ryan Gosling and some friends of mine enjoyed it. I think at best, this is a B grade movie that should be shown on FOX or HBO.

Wow. I have rarely seen such disparity in viewers' opinion about a 'critically acclaimed' movie. I scrolled through the first 50 reviews on this site and noted the scores (out of 10) given by reviewers. Next to the score is the number of reviews from the 50 - 10 (8),9 (3) 8 (0) 7 (0) 6 (5) 5 (2) 4 (0) 3 (4) 2 (7) 1 (21). For the most part, it seems that people either love "La La Land" or dislike it, many intensely! Note, out of the first 50 reviews the film has been given a rating of 1 on 21 occasions. This is not a bad movie by any means. For the main part, it is a very well made production - editing, lighting and direction are very good. Emma Stone gives a great performance and Ryan Gosling, if not equal to her in this department, surely deserves huge accolades for his faultless mastery of a number of keyboard instruments.The problem with this film is, that as a musical, it lacks zing in the dance routines and vocal renditions. Both Emma and Ryan sing in tune which at least is passable but they are not vocal performers. Emma's singing is so brittle - understanding lyrics was difficult at times. Neither lead actor, thankfully, was vocally challenged in any way at all.The dance routines are really pale imitations of the greats of Hollywood's past. Most obvious to me was the absence of any memorable tunes. "City of Stars" is the best of a very bland selection although I must admit that if any song could possibly have success as an energetic, well performed number it would have to be "Start a Fire". John Legend's rendition was the musical highlight of the entire film.While I was not inclined, like some other reviewers, to walk out of the film, it was most disappointing, especially after have read rave reviews in the press. Surely, it could not win best film Oscar, For fans of the two lead actors, you will at least be rewarded. Emma is terrific whilst a more subdued Ryan Gosling will really impress you with his musical talent.

One of Hollywood's worst clichés. It is, in my opinion, a film without content made just to create box office receipts. The music is painful to hear, the performance of the actors leaves much to be desired and is full of errors not acceptable for a project of this magnitude, the film is based on inspirations from other films, which gives the sensation of already having seen it. A film that was more concerned with its propaganda that the content itself Even more revolting is knowing the attention and supposedly good criticisms that the film received, which I don't understand the foundation of them... A film that will surely be quickly forgotten, and that will not change the world of cinema or the world itself.

LA LA LAND's pretty darn entertaining. Who'd've ever thought Hollywood could get America to love Bollywood. Ingenious. But I think it deserves special note for its unassailably politically correct sensitivity to every sort and sub sort of diversity anyone could conceive of and Casting could supply. About half way through, I started imagining a small army of assistant directors behind the scenery during every crowd scene, waiting to pounce onto the sets between takes to make sure that no other heterosexual, mono-racial couple except the two stars was anywhere near pulling focus. OK, Hollywood, we get it. Now what? Is everybody happy?

When do I finally realize that I'm not enjoying a particular movie? This realization usually comes when a scene in the film reminds me of some other movie and I find myself longing to watch that film instead of the one I am desperately trying to enjoy. In the case of La La Land, this didn't take too long.During the duo dance scenes between Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, I found myself longing to watch Fred Astaire and Eleanor Powell. During the jazz music scenes, I found myself longing to put on some music from Miles Davis or Dave Brubeck. Damien Chazelle's soufflé-light screenplay made me long for some sort of story with substance. Let's face it; even your longest allowable tweet would carry as much storytelling weight as this script. When considering Chazelle's direction, I found myself longing for a musical directed by Vincent Minnelli. And while all this longing was going on, I was longing for a shorter film. La La Land is not a long production when compared with West Side Story or The Music Man (and let's not make any further comparisons with those great films) but, it sure as heck seemed like a long, long movie.Dictionary.com defines the phrase "la la land" as "a state of being out of touch with reality." I won't disagree with that definition. About halfway into this flick, I was beginning to drift off into Dictionary.com's interpretation.Luckily, I had some severe arthritis pain in my right big toe that kept me alert long enough to long for some relief; algesic or cinematic, and to keep me awake long enough so that I could make a valid critique of this picture. Finally, I long for the day when someone will make a musical that's even half as watchable as the last good Hollywood musical — Hairspray (which really wasn't all that long ago, was it?)

While La La Land is certainly entertaining, it isn't up to the level of expectations that critics and awards have been creating. The first half hour suggests that this is going somewhere fun--among others, the scene of Gosling playing the 80s piano man at a pool party is hilarious--but then it turns out to be an emotionally flat movie. Gosling and Stone are great actors and superb at their jobs but... the script turns out to have no "tension" and you find yourself not caring for whatever happens to them. Regardless of how much you may enjoy the dancing scenes (which are clever to be "correct" and cool), Emma Stone can't sing and I felt embarrassed at times; Gosling didn't bother me as much but the songs are really not interesting or catchy, I can't remember any of them so as a "musical" I'd say FAIL (of course, I hadn't watched the trailer a zillion times). The only scene were I could feel some emotional involvement with the story was at the very end with the "parallel story" thing... I truly cannot understand all the accolades it is getting from movie experts, unless they are all falling for its Hollywood nostalgia... as one critic said, it's the endless story about Hollywood in love with itself.

The dancing was average at best. The opening scene was the best routine. These actors are not Ginger and Fred. I am not sure if the talent was missing, or something else. The singing was either weak, or mixed poorly. The song writing was unique, but not strong enough to remember. The story line was predictable but sweet. I was so looking forward to seeing a musical movie. It has received great reviews because I believe those reviewers were all so desperate to see an upbeat, musical love story, as was I. So, in conclusion, it is worth seeing, if only to just to send Hollywood a message, with your dollars. More of this but better quality please.

I was expecting a wonderful song and dance extravaganza with a great story. Wow! Was I ever disappointed! I wanted to leave half way through it was so cheesy! The big song and dance routines in particular were embarrassingly stupidI endured until the end, but sadly it didn't even begin to recover my anticipatory enthusiasm. The jazz was great, John Legend was great, Ryan Gosling is a very attractive man and I enjoyed his singing and dancing and found his character very likable, but that's all of the positives. Emma Stone's character has a vacuous, narcissistic and superficial personality with little talent and no idea of real values. I could not identify with her or feel any empathy at all for her plight. I suspect many of those voting for the Academy Awards may be cast in a similar mould and therefore may have found it appealing. There must be some explanation! I can't believe anyone with roots in the real world would find this film particularly riveting or enjoyable hence my one star rating.

My wife and I were really looking forward to watching this Oscar-festooned movie. I personally love Golden Age Hollywood musicals and had read all the press about its revamping the genre for the present - day. Somehow though it just didn't connect with us.I did like the cinematography with its Hopper-like depiction of low-rent Hollywood, from film-sets to restaurants and jazz-clubs. There were no sex-scenes, the camera work was fluid throughout and I appreciated the references to the past with the old-style titles and old-fashioned scene-changes too.But after that, I struggled to relate to the characters. Ryan Gosling's character is determined to make his actress girl-friend like jazz and by extension the viewer but I know what I like and I didn't warm to the live club scenes with Gosling immersing himself in his music. Likewise Stone's travails with her acting ambitions as she flunks screen-tests and takes a waitress job as she seeks her big break. I didn't hate them, I just didn't care for them. The songs were okay I guess but sitting here a day after watching it, none of them is still in my memory. The set-piece choreographed numbers are likewise easy on the eye but again aren't particularly memorable especially compared to those from yesteryear. Gosling and Stone are okay in their roles and work hard at their singing and dancing but I didn't sense much chemistry between them. I certainly didn't think I was watching Hollywood's best actress of the year. It probably helps to like and appreciate characters like this if you're in the entertainment industry otherwise they can come across, as here, as precious and vain.Maybe I'm being too critical in invoking the great films it seems to draw upon for inspiration but the fact that it got decorated with six Oscars the other day for me says something about the quality of competition today compared to earlier times.No, if I want to see a movie about a struggling jazz musician and his ambitious girlfriend, I'll go back and watch "New York New York".

This movie was the longest 2 hours of my life. The songs are nice at best, which don't make it up to the fact that nothing happens in this movie. No plot, just long, boring, done by with mediocre actors. The entire plot of the movie could have fit into ten minutes. The only good part of this movie was the music. This was the most boring movie I have ever seen. Total waste of time. Do yourself a favor and go see something else!

This movie was terrible from the opening number/dance sequence, to the horribly nonsensical ending! Full disclosure, i really wanted to love this movie. As it droned on, i wanted to like it. By the end, i was hoping all involved never made a musical again. In short, the dancing was amateurish, the acting was sub-par, and it literally had no memorable songs unless you count awful singing. I wouldn't be that outraged, if this movie wasn't being hailed as the, "musical to bring back musicals"! I was generous with the 2 rating, because i actually enjoyed the jazz instrumentals. If anyone would like a spoiler filled review, i would be glad to share and prove my findings to be true.

I'm sorry but Gosling's singing was atrocious. Unfortunately, he wasn't the only person in this movie whose singing was not good enough for a musical production. Right from the opening scene you are confronted with actors who wouldn't make it past the first casting round of a Broadway show. Don't get me wrong....I like Emma Stone but she doesn't fit the role of "young, aspiring actress" anymore which makes her something of a miscast. The story is plain boring and the dialogue is bland. Who wants to see Gosling agonizing about the nature of Jazz music in long scenes drawn out like old chewing gum followed by semi-neurotic "love interest scenes" which seem to pass for convincing romance these days? I guess two people who qualify for couples' therapy sessions after just having met is the new normal. The cinematography is great and the director really knows how to "paint" moving pictures but it's all form and no substance making it the musical equivalent of a Michael Bay action movie. In my opinion this is one of the most over-hyped and overrated movies in many years.

I gave this movie a 3/10 in an effort of making it have an appropriate overall rating. The movie lacks good singing, dancing and script. Contrary to most musicals, it has no real memorable scene that defines the movie. Main actors do a great acting job, but their additional skills (dancing & singing) are sub-par. In my opinion, if you like musicals don't expect much from this movie which I would believe should have a 6/10 overall. If you've never seen many musicals this movie might be refreshing, if it is follow it up by watching the top rated musicals here in IMDb like Singin in the Rain, Mary Poppins, Sound of Music, American in Paris, etc.

This is not a good movie. Although it might be a good musical, I cannot be sure as I am not into musicals. I wanted to watch this for its drama, and beauty, and comedy.I could only bear a little more than an hour when I realized I could not watch this anymore. There was almost no comedy, and the drama was boring and old.The opening was boring, the singing was average, some scenes were illogical. I just cannot understand how this thing could become so popular and I still cannot believe how my action movie-liking friends actually liked La La Land. Despite beautiful cinematography and excellent acting, this does not deserve to be on IMDb's Top 250 MOVIES list.The makers of this movie could take the script and go to Broadway and make money off the musical.

I am not prone to swear or violence or hyperbole, but when I got up from my seat in the theatre, my first thought was that I would love to find some way to tell the guy who created this picture a very loud epithet regarding his need to procreate with himself ! Then I thought about punching him in the face. I will gladly say the former, but the latter is, I'm afraid, just hyperbole. You see, I'm old - 65 - and the visual beauty of this pic along with the fun music, singing and dancing (leads were acceptably weak in that department because their acting and the story carried them) and an old fashioned love story with a happy ending.....eeeeeee...screeching of tires here. Wait a minute - did you just say happy ending? Well, an old-timer who is carried along with this joy ride expects them to resolve career problems and we'll all be together forever leaving the theatre in these horrible these in which we are living with at least one good thing to smile and be happy about. That's what one is led to believe up to about 7 minutes from the end where you are sucker punched with a feeling of - wait a minute, what's happening here? uh oh. This is gonna end badly. No hold on - this dreamy sequence means this sly devil tricked us - they will get together - dreamy sequence ends - lovers look longingly at each other one last time - rug pulled out - the end. like I said - go procreate with yourself. yeah, yeah - I know - a tragedy reflects real life - Oscars don't give awards to musicals - bah.

"La La Land" is NOT a top-notch musical in the company of great musicals like "West Side Story," "An American in Paris," "Gigi," "The Sound of Music," (I could go on and on). It's a wanna-be musical that seems to owe its appeal by being seen as an homage to these earlier musicals -- without being a worthy musical on its own merit. Apparently, given its high rating, it's also being rated by people who haven't seen these great musicals (to realize how bad "La La Land" is).On the positive side, Emma and Ryan are very nice "eye candy" and do some nice acting which helps to redeem this movie from being a complete waste. But this is a MUSICAL where leads need to sing and/or dance. And perhaps our culture has gotten so used to watching non-singers sing and non-dancers dance in TV shows such as "Dancing with the Stars," that it's completely appropriate to have the two leading characters be people who can neither sing nor dance. But let's not pretend -- Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling cannot sing or dance. Musically, there really isn't a ton of music. Although it started off looking like a musical with a big production number, there's very little music in the middle of the movie. A few of the songs are appealing, but none are show-stoppers or particularly memorable (no one would hum a tune from "La La Land" when leaving the theater). And although musicals tend to have songs that reflect the story-line, "La La Land" has mostly done away with that convention. (Oh, that must be why it's gotten awards!) Instead, we have a few songs used as themes that are repeated in the movie. What about the story? It's really a fairly standard romantic trope, but without the standard ending. (Oh, that's got to be worthy of an award!) The movie is also rather long -- someone should have edited it (a lot). The cinematography seemed fake (too much color?), and I hated the camera work -- hand-held dizzy-work in some scenes and too too many close-ups of Emma.Most people feel compelled to see "La La Land" given the number of awards and nominations, but it's not really worth the time. Go rent "Grease" or "Cabaret" instead.

Like many others have said, it is Hollywood in love with itself. Well, I didn't hate it but I certainly didn't love it. I actually dozed off for a couple of minutes in the middle. I love musicals. I should write that in caps because I LOVE MUSICALS! I especially love musicals with smart lyrics and a good plot. This had neither. The stars were nice though.This was like reading one of those sappy romance novels. And to top it all off I didn't like the ending. A happy ending would have been at least somewhat redeeming. This ending was like trying to be "real" when none of the movie was remotely real. Blah. Oh how I miss Rogers and Hammerstein, Kender and Ebb, Bob Fosse and their like. Perhaps I'll stick to Broadway musicals.

Right with the studio logos this movie takes us back to the golden age of cinema - and then it immediately turns into a ridiculous, lovely, dancing-upon-cars, lively song.In general, I liked this movie. Sadly, it is way too over-hyped. It has a lot of fun songs, the cinematography is beautiful and I certainly understand what the movie wanted to do - but I didn't connect with it.Another movie looking back fondly at "the old movies" was "Hail, Caesar!" and many people disliked it but somehow they love "La La Land", even though it tried to do the exact same thing (apart from the love story, of course).What was the worst about this movie for me was that the main character - Seb, played by Ryan Gosling - was basically just a singing and dancing Noah (from "The Notebook"). I thought Noah was an insufferable prick and Seb is no better. Basically, he is the quintessential mopey, entitled, "romantic" artist, who is just so poor because everyone ignores his "art". Oh, woe is me. And Mia is just a musical version of Allie, just as annoying and entitled as well.This movie is very pretty to look at and it is a good example of how to make a nice, nostalgic piece with great tunes that will undoubtedly bring a smile to your face.The characters are just too unbelievable, though. Are we really supposed to accept that Seb is simply a misunderstood artist and Mia, despite never having put any work into playwriting despite once watching "Casablanca" in her early youth, suddenly is some dramaturgical prodigy? All while the two of them have the most basic, pretentious, "oh-look-at-me-I'm-so-edgy"-type conversations, that if heard in real life would earn nothing more than an exasperated eye-roll.The fact that most of their relationship went unshown was explained to me as "mental shortcuts by the writers" but truthfully, if all I get to see from a relationship is a quick montage, a fight and a weird galaxy-dancing scene I can't really regard it as anything but silly.Not to mention that "La La Land" followed two plot tropes that I just can't stand in movies (especially romantic ones), them being: a) cheating on your man (you're a woman in love, it's fine), b) overhearing a conversation and then assuming things.Regarding a), so Mia's had this run-of-the-mill uptown boy and of course he deserves to be left at a dinner because he's just not Noah. Why couldn't Mia just have been single? Would it have really made such a difference? It perhaps would've shortened the picture by 10 minutes and saved me from my projected guilt.Regarding b), there we have Noah, listening to a conversation that Mia has with her mother about steady jobs and artistry and he immediately assumes that "yes, that means she wants me to take that (for some reason OBVIOUSLY bad job) that I don't want and I'm not gonna talk to her about it, only months later will I flip my sh*t over it when she mentions it". Good logic, there, Noah.Despite this movie trying it's hardest at being cool and artsy and all about the dreamers, I just couldn't suspend my disbelief. People like that don't act like that and they don't achieve things like that - not even in movie ("la la") land. The best thing real life Noah and Allie (the musical versions, too) could hope for would be shattered dreams and bitterness.All of this is not say that movies about pretentious, misunderstood dreamers can't be inspiring and brilliant. They can, and they often are, as it seems that a lot of movies challenge this topic. "La La Land", for me personally, just tried too hard. They were too targeted, they pandered too much. Ironically, all I could do is advise them to "get more real".Regardless of my qualms with this movie, anyone who is finds really nice music and golden-age nostalgia entertaining will certainly enjoy this motion picture (as did I, in the end). It's not as bad as some people suggest but it's certainly not as good, either.

Ryan Gosling: They may as well of had a piece of driftwood "acting" opposite Stone. This guy is so useless I was embarrassed for him. To start with, he sounds retarded (is he?). His 'serious face' makes him look constipated (I was half expecting him to let one rip the entire way through). I've seen stroke victims with a wider range of expressions than him. He's so vanilla, lame, boring, possessing a total lack of charisma. The best reviews he ever had were for roles with barely no lines, "moody" films like 'The Place Beyond the Pines' and 'Drive' when all he had to do was sulk!. If he wins an Oscar for on the back of this performance it will be an absolute travesty! He can't sing, he can't dance, and literally sucks the life out of every scene he's involved in.Now Emma Stone is lovely, She's 'sweet' but one dimensional in that she's always playing the same character. This was a gross miscasting. you can't help but pity her when she sings, it's like your 5 year old niece at a school play, but worse, no depth or range at all, completely drowned out by the music in every scene. She has some rhythm when it comes to dancing, but the set pieces are so laughably childish it's hard to gauge her true capabilities (clearly dumb-ed down to accommodate Gosling's lack of talent). To make matters worse, time has not been kind to Stone. Whatever youthful looks she may or may not have had are long gone. Her face is beginning to morph into yet another plastic Hollywood mess. She's not hot, she's not sexy, but neither is Gosling so I guess in that respect they're evenly matched...The script was OK. Stone's character begins and ends the same with no progression mentally and Gosling;well he's so boring you just give up caring. However; the rest of the cast were stellar. John Legend has some smooth vocals but he is rather oily. Had they cast people with real talent in the lead roles then I think this could have been magnificent. Worth mentioning;The cinematography was excellent, visually stunning, an orgy of colour bursting out from the screen in each and every scene; and the songs, although forgettable, had a certain unique charm to them. I predict a theatre production in the near future.To sum it up, If your date makes you chose between this and Titanic, I'd chose this. Just don't go expecting it to live up to the hype. Peace x

Overrated hype, not worth the cinema ticket. Confused plot that didn't seem to be sincere, but not a comedy, Ryan can't sing,it was dreadful and pitiful, mis-cast and disappointing. Not sure he can dance, just a series of poses for the camera no real acting ability or belief in the character, really,it is a crock of s**t, nothing memorable about the soundtrack other than some of the jazz, the opening sequences were pointless to the film, couldn't work out what they were singing about as the playback was of a poor quality, this format should be left in the past & forgotten about, don't waste your money, my companion fell asleep during the film, it was that boring, glad when it was over. As musicals go this was hopeless, when you compare to other "modern" productions, such as Bugsy Malone, Grease, Chicago, this does not stand-up to scrutiny, a case of "emperor's new clothes". Awful.

I do believe this is a really poor film with great budget and little artistic value. Poor script, poor acting, terrible consistency, poor dancing & average music.The reasons why the film is bad are so broad it's hard to write an integrated bad review, I will simply point a few selected terrible points of the film, there are many more.* Script & story is poor and predictable. I spent half the film thinking the script was being "ironic" and that at some point the "good stuff" would start. Good stuff never came, except maybe for the last 15 minutes which was an obvious crowd-pleasing but it was pleasing indeed. * Music scenes are not memorable and often it's hard to tell when they decide to shove them in and why. No iconic dance or move will be remembered. * Ryan Gosling pulls the same face throughout the film. I found his comments on jazz shallow & hard to believe. By no means he conveys proper love for anything. He's Ryan Gosling playing himself and reusing his own set of Gosling clichés. He's believable or at least charming though when he tells Emma to follow her dreams. * Emma Stone has great acting moments (for instance, when she's auditioning and someone interrupts her) but it's only a few great glimpses in an incoherent ensemble. Her character is meant to be insightful and dreamy, full of values, and yet she has the shallowest of friends. She forms a kind of tribe of husband hunter-gatherers who just meet to go out together so they don't look like weirdos. They only reappear for applauding in a play. Regarding her pre-Ryan love life, when you find out she's going out with the guy she keeps rolling her eyes on & who is consistently depicted as charmless and lame you just can't believe it. They're artificially put together to create her an epic I-can't-put- up-with-this-anymore-the-jazzy-guy-is-my-guy scene in the restaurant which is embarrassing due to its impossible built-up. This is an obvious one, but the film is full of hard to believe stuff. * No dance scene is memorable. No twists, no nuances, no pushing limits, no art. * Plot is childish - they're both meant to succeed (no success = you're lame) at different paces. * Scripting is poor. They go from a rough start (total time of interaction = 2 seconds in two episodes) to 1 encounter where she's a bit funny and suddenly they go for a walk and switch from almost insulting each other to almost kissing, just to be stopped by a telephone ringing. No build-up, no understanding of what's going on in their feelings.I could keep going on and on. A film that would be average if it was shown after lunch on TV but is turned bad by artificial marketing expectations.Excuse my English.

I cannot remember being so bored in a theater. My wife, who loves romances, told me later she considered leaving after the first 30 minutes. Which is sad, because there are many good elements in the film and the story line, though thin, could have given us more reason for caring about the characters. Two young struggling artists meet, fall in love, but choose fame over love. Okay. Except there was no struggle. Unlike the thousands of people who do struggle to live a life in art, these two must have had trust funds. Every sequence that could have given the characters more depth was swept away in a song. Which brings me to the other problem. Great musicals have great songs, but the film had none (though the jazz scenes were very entertaining). The film did attain a level of excellence in the final scene sequence - a wistful musical imagining of what could have been. If the film as a whole could have reached this level, it would have been an excellent musical. Unfortunately it took an hour and a half before the film created sufficient context for the music and dance to have this level of relevance. Perhaps the film's popularity can be accounted for by unfamiliarity with the genre. Music Man or Cabaret it was not.

I wouldn't say I tricked into seeing this but I had no idea before going that the film would be a nonsensical forgettable throwback style musical that was clearly written for the demographic mindset of 40+ year old single women with three wine coolers in them. It was clear that the story, supposedly about Jazz or Theater or something, was aimed at pasty White people who don't know the first thing about Jazz or Theater. Mix in a lot of forced chemistry-free smiling, brutally crafted ideas for singing and dancing, and a couple of out-of-place 'f' words to make it seem that this is supposed to also be a film for adults and you have a recipe for a bloated overrated piece of glittery junk that looks more like a thrift store basket filled with cheap deceased people's jewelry than the most amazing film in decades. I kept waiting for Mary Poppins style cartoon birds or penguins to show up. Get over yourself if think this was any better than the awful 'Chicago', which by the way was just as forgettable although it stupidly won an Oscar and beat out several much better films. The dumbest film I have seen in years. Thanks for the nap.

I really expected much more considering how much word of mouth this movie has got. I'm a fan of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone. I LOVE Gosling's "Lost River' he wrote and directed and am looking forward to him in the new 'Bladerunner' movie.This movie seems to flirt with becoming something really good but never gets there. The most memorable scene is in the observatory when they dance in the stars. Other than that the movie is flat, the romance is never really realized and the story is weak.This is no epic romance. It's just a couple of people who knock around LA, become sort of lovers for a while and then go their separate ways. It's a strange subject for a musical. There's nothing really new or original here and none of songs standout.The choreography is so safe that there's no dynamism in any of the dance numbers. They seem like a bunch of sequenced moves with none of fire or grace of a Gene Kelly or Fred Astaire musical. I don't get the point of this. Why did they pick non-dancer, non-singer Gosling and the only marginally better singer dancer, Emma Stone, for this? Why the hell didn't they use Channing Tatum? At least he can dance. Why didn't they get some A list talent to write the score? Frankly, any one of the'Step Up' movies, even with their cheezy plots and sometimes embarrassingly bad acting kick this movie's ass.The best part of the movie was the banter between Ryan and Emma. It seemed the only time there was a real spark of romance. I thought it was going to explode from that. instead just like the romance, the movie fizzles.In a few years people will wonder what the fuss was all about.

Look I'm sorry I really am, I just don't get it. I've seen snippets of reviews praising the movie and carrying on and on and on about the opening scene. It's won awards and Emma Stone is smoking hot as usual but honestly I don't understand it. My wife and I sat down to watch it and lasted 30 minutes - just....... no idea what was going on, didn't like any of the songs, all of that.This movie obviously isn't for us, but I'm glad there are people it is for.

the camera work in some scenes is quite nice, but the rest is just la la. gosling and stone don't react to each other, there is no chemistry, the characters they portrait are only looking for their own careers. stone doesn't play a talented actress nor does goslings character have a real feel for good jazz. the script is bland, there is no drama, no fervor. the main title song is good, but the rest of the songs don't resonate, also there are too few dancing scenes to call this a real musical. stone is acting weak, she shows more or less only one face expression, this is not worth an Oscar, portman was much better as jackie. Im a fan of Ryan Gosling but he shouldn't have made this movie, it will not help his image and his career, the nomination for best actor was a joke, he can do much better, eg. in the road beyond the pines.

This film is mercifully forgettable. In fact, I saw it just a couple of weeks ago and already almost all I remember is counting the ways I could have put my 11 quid to better use, such as staying at home with a take-away and re-watching Chicago, Moulin Rouge, My Fair Lady, or any other musical with actors who can actually sing and dance (not to mention act), lines which make you laugh, songs worth listening to, and characters not all of them bland yet obnoxious narcissists. To be rigorously fair, Emma Stone's performance, despite the dreadful script, does push the production up a notch (i.e. to notch one), together with quite good technical features. But the nauseous aftertaste you are left with as you walk - at last - out of the cinema is of the triumph of packaging over content. That so many people apparently loved this film is flabbergasting. Has postmodernism finally broken free of its stuffy academic niche and convinced a generation that life is nothing more than a shallow pretence to be self-referentially broadcast, or could it be that few are willing to decry the absence of clothes on this appalling mediocrity of a film?

I've given 3 stars, one star for each $10 million of the cost, and also because I found this production as a musical third rate. The colors, sets and film shots were interesting,even imaginative, but beyond that, I was disappointed that this was the best Hollywood could come up with in the musical genre.The script had abrupt transitions between scenes and time lapses. The dance scenes by professionals were choppy and didn't show dance moves. The story didn't get started until halfway through the two hours.The scriptwriters took the easy way out toward the end by skipping over five years that I could imagine were more dramatic and emotional than the movie up to that point. The viewer is cheated out of better story lines, with no transition at all to bring the movie to its conclusion. The last half-hour had more flair and drama than the rest of the movie.Standards have been lowered, and the younger generation must see oldies to get educated. There was nothing exciting or inspirational in the dancing or the music as performed by amateur leads. In all of this world are these the best musical leads that could be found? You can find better singers, pianists and dancers on TV competition shows or in community theater. Were these the best actors for the leads? Emma Stone is charming as an actress, but Gosling's profile was the only attractive attribute he has going. He had no expression on his face for two hours, other than sullen. It's very impressive that stars with no background in music and dance could take a crash course to prepare for this movie, but the results were passable, only. If the director wanted to show how average people sing, dance,and play instruments, he succeeded. But the public deserves to see and appreciate the best musical talents around.

I think it's a very boring movie. I didn't like the chemistry between the actors and they were very poor individually as well. Full of clichés. The movie shoudn't be nominated for so many categories. There are so many other films that deserves to be recognized by the Academy and by the other forums. I hope they won't win the main categories. The only thing i can say i like was the music. Period Not recommend it!

The excitement that comes from news of a new movie in the pipeline, in production or about to be released is palpable. It has you searching for as much info as possible. The cast line up can make you smile or say 'Oooh, interesting.' Then the blue ribbon festivals announce the premiere of said new movie and you can't wait for the reviews, the reactions, YouTube snippets of the stars being interviewed on the red carpet. All in all, you are a magnet to the hype and your own wishful thinking that the said movie is going to be great.'La La Land' could not be classed as a great movie and just about sits on the fence for being a good movie. Was I disappointed given the leads were Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone who had a blistering chemistry in 'Crazy, Stupid Love' and that the director was Damien Chazelle. There was an instant 'Snap, Crackle and Pop' to direct Damien Chazelle's feature debut WHIPLASH. Yet there is none of the 'snap, crackle and pop' to 'La La Land' just as there was no chemistry or joie de vivre in watching Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone.I am a fan of movies be they dramas, comedies, musicals, etc. There is no snobbery. A great story grabs me and anchors me firmly to the seat and my romanticism endears me to the cast of a movie with a great story. Am I watching the same "la la land' as many out there and not getting it ? I think so. Part of me is dismayed that 'La La Land' and all associated with it are sailing on the 'sea of Hype' where the conditions are just perfect. One can also comment that the 'love' for 'La La Land' does have something to do with the current state of affairs here in the States and across the Ocean in Europe. That said 'La La Land' is a miss with much of the non-English speaking movie audiences. Where 'The Artist' was charismatic and a joy to watch, 'La La Land' misses the mark on so many levels. Just as we invest ourselves in the need for good news and feeling good by supporting our favourite sports teams, similarly it is the same need that has the 'La La land' hype alive; that need for being amazed, being excited, being wooed, being content.I know there is no need for me to go into a synopsis of the story as the plot summary is there for all to read and plenty of people have had conversations about the film between themselves. There is no doubting the sumptuous cinematography, production design and art direction but that's about it when it comes to being worthy of so many nods and nominations. Chazelle fails to deliver in the writing and direction as the story drags and at many points whimpers.As a romantic movie, 'La La land' fails to deliver the cinematic honesty, belief and likability in the characters of Sebastian and Mia especially when they connect. Maybe the movie needed input from the likes of writer Nicholas Sparks to give the romance and romantic leads much needed oomph. The capacity of dialogue when sung to carry you away and invest yourself in the characters is never met by the singing of Gosling and Stone. I don't think it has anything to do with the songs of the movie as they don't blow your socks off and neither do they have you humming or wanting to buy the CD when you leave the movie theatre.The movie is certainly a throw back to musicals of old where the likes of Fred Astaire, Cyd Charisse, Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds sizzled on the screen with their dancing, singing and songs. Lets not forget the wonderfully choreographed dance numbers of these classic musicals. Yes, a lot of these musicals hired ghost singers to sing for the stars and it could have certainly helped 'La La Land'. The lack-luster romance and musicality of 'La La Land' does make it slow and you almost wish you had a remote to fast forward. It is only the last five to ten minutes of the movie, before end credits, where the movie's bitter sweet ending grabs your interest. Overall, 'La La Land' lacks the originality, direction, performances and gravitas of it's musical predecessors

I went to see this film, feeling I had to after the rave critic reviews, the 14 Oscar nominations and the high IMDb score. I am not a great fan of musicals but remember Grease etc for some great dancing and singing. I went with my wife and 3 friends. Usually our perceptions and views on a film are quite varied! In the case La La Land we were all in agreement that the film had nice scenery and photography and good acting from the two leads but overall was a very ordinary film of a sentimental love story. The backdrop is the taken for granted opulence of the California wealthy where even an actress searching for work drives a new Toyota Prius (probably hybrid) and the lead male character, apparently short of money, gets a suit made to measure and somehow buys (?) a bar/nightclub. In conclusion the film is over- hyped, overrated average romantic tosh. Don't waste your money on this but instead go see a much better film such as Manchester by the Sea. This is my first written review which I felt compelled to give as IMDb's average score and critics have got it so wrong.

Lets set the parameters. An Oscar-winning film, or any above-average picture for that matter, needs to fulfil criteria that sets it apart from the 'average'. It requires a breath of innovation, story-line, integrity and impeccable acting that levitates the subject above the norm. It needs also to vault hype and financial remuneration. To create a musical, which, I believe 'La La Land' aspires in many parts to be, there has to be a synergy between book, score and choreography. Sadly, for this viewer, not one of these three elements can be considered by any stretch of the imagination,'exceptional'. It's triumph is evident in it's cinematography and lighting, which were largely outstanding. But the remainder? The story is typical Hollywood fare - predictable without significant twists or intellectual excertion. Essentially, nothing out of the ordinary happens and the blandness creeps to a predictable end. The acting is OK. You would expect as much from someone of Gosling's ability, but I hope that one day he'll be provided with a script that alienates him from the type-casting that befell Hugh Grant, with a diversity that De Nero was astute to select. Choreography? What choreography? That brief moment with the bench is all that taunts the memory. Singing - best not go there. Marni Nixon could have played both roles.And I read today that it's up for 14 Academy nominations. Figures. Trump was successful so there's no reason this will not win.Emperor's new clothes 'n all.

I liked it but thought it pretentious and all things American, It was light on plot but I did like the chemistry between Emma stone and lead guy!! I really would not take my friends to see it as it is too over the top. Great performances but not worth all the Oscar buzz. Modern day musical and great screen sets. Where is the plot? , I mean there is one but too thinly veiled to make it Oscar nominations. I saw "Lion" now that film deserves the awards. "La La land" is a good title for it is mediocre and full of itself. But not all bad, I went on my own and think I enjoyed it because we Aussies would be embarrassed to see this and have discussions on the deep and meaningful thoughts of this movie. So go for it, it either a like it or hate it.

The opening scene showed promise with an expansive dance scene but after that the film took a nose dive. There were no memorable dance scenes apart from opening and closing sequences. The dialogue, story line were mundane. I wanted to leave the cinema half way through but felt that my wife preferred me to stay, though afterwards she agreed it lacked any good music or dance and was awful!If you have memorable memories of great musicals from the likes of West Side Story don't waste your money. There were no memorable songs. Today I don't remember any which says something. One song they flogged and played throughout in different ways but it wasn't a strong piece. The lead characters failed to dance to any high degree of skill though it could be argued in their defence there was little opportunity for them to dance. If you enjoy the musical genre and have memories of West Side Story,The King and I, South Pacific etc you will be so disappointed. Each one of those musicals has a list of memorable songs that stay with you years later. This film had none. The film will disappear into the ether and be forgotten. Hollywood hype and exposure has won over film quality.

This movie is awful. The husband and I sat down to watch this highly acclaimed film for the evening... and it's dreadful. We finally came to our senses and stopped about 45 minutes before the end (when the smoke alarm goes off). It lacks plot and substance; it centers around brittle, superficial characters who show no growth, and talent could have been put to use better in another medium where their talents would have shined (vs. a pseudo musical). The only explanation for the awards it's received is that it's a movie about Hollywood being voted on by Hollywood. Save yourself the time, money, and headache - avoid it.

if there is a category of best worst movies of all the time "La La land" should be in top of it, worst movie of all time don't waste your time to see it its mentally torture songs and instead of talking there is songs in it and it is not little bit of musical movie and lease don't compare it with "whiplash" and please i am begging to not watch, anything else but not it....

Surprised that people feel this is a fitting homage to great prior musicals. Much as I LOVE Ryan Gosling and admire Emma Stone, they do not hold a candle stub to great dancers and singers like Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Gene Kelly, Cyd Charisse, Judy Garland, John Travolta.Both Gosling and Stone are adequate dancers, okay, but just not in the same class as the aforementioned. And both have embarrassingly weak voices...yes, sometimes their weaknesses border on the touching, but give me Ethel Merman, or Bing Crosby or Ethel Waters or Hoagy Carmichael. And if you like touchingly amateur song delivery, check out Toni Erdmann.Add to their lack of musical talent and only adequate dancing the weak plot and the shallow characterizations and you might, like the three people I saw it with, emerge from the theater downcast and glum.

Having seen La La Land sweep the Golden Globes and the Oscar nomination announcements, I had high hopes. I believed all of the praise was deserving and from reading all of the summaries I was sure I would love this film. However, I was WRONG. While the cinematography was wonderful and the colors were incredible, the story for me fell flat. I felt like I was waiting forever to witness some kind of climax or even rising action. I wish the film would have allowed the characters to display more depth and maybe I would have had the connection with them that I needed to have or at least found them some what appealing. It missed out on having any logic or purpose for the characters actions and seemed inconsistent in exactly what it was trying to tell. While I like Emma Stone and think she is a great actress, I failed to recognize the chemistry between the two characters. The musical numbers were cringe worthy. Although, the score was fine. (I'll give it that) Overall, La La Land is visually pleasing but for me has overwhelming creative appeal with NO substance to grasp any connection. I wish I would have liked it. Disappointing.

One mediocre romantic/musical movie that does not worth watching. I have even skipped some parts while watching it - first half was pretty boring, while the second half was romantic cliché. Some representative quotes are: 1)"Mia: It's pretty strange that we keep running into each other. Sebastian: Maybe it means something. Mia: I doubt it. Sebastian: Yeah, I didn't think so." 2) "Sebastian: What do you mean you don't like jazz? Mia: It just means that when I listen to it, I don't like it." The only "inspiring" (NOT really) things in the movie are some of the songs played by Sebastian and the bright outfits - Mia's yellow dress, green and black dresses, yellow bag. Yeah, nice retro inspired outfits.

Oh, dear --my head is still spinning from this film.NOT because it's good (IT IS NOT!) but because of:1) the OVER-USE of panning shots in most of the production numbers. The danged camera seemed to have Attention-Deficit-Disorder, especially in that much bally-hoo'ed (andtotally PREPOSTEROUS) opening number set during a typical L.A. traffic jam. Perhaps it was the use of CinemaScope (Hello 1960's!) that made the constant camera movement so difficult to watch.2) the totally banal "how many times have we seen this?" plot, combining two themes so long-in-tooth that the script"writers" should have named the characters "Boy" and "Girl", for the plot is nothing more than Boy-meets-Girl; Girl at first cares little for Boy; Girl slowly falls for Boy; "Girl and Boy Become a couple; eventually Boy-and-Girl uncouple; Boy and Girl move on.3) the other time-worn theme is "How Hard It Is For A-Y-A's (Attractive Young Aspirants) To Make It In Heartless Hollywood", as in: (fill in your fave movie titles here).4) the fact that this film runs 128 minutes! Add that time to the 20 minutes of pre-feature trailers and I might have fallen asleep (especially during the Griffith Observatory dance sequence) EXCEPT for the fact that my bladder kept asking "Isn't there a bathroom around here?" 5) one sort-of-positive note: the film re-confirmed my long-held (from personal experience) belief that L.A. has one of the most boringly-banal street-scapes (block after block of lower-than-low-rise commercial buildings) in the U.S.The only thing more tedious than L.A. is this film, set in that awful place.

"La La Land" has been receiving dozens of accolades about its look, its stars, its love of musicals, and its ability to transport us to a world long gone from the American movies. Damien Chazelle exploded in the movie scene with "Whiplash", a movie that burst with emotions, music, and strong performances. In fact, music was a living character, a force that captured the protagonists souls and bewitched the audience. It seemed only natural that Chazelle would try a more ambitious project, a full-fledged musical, inspired by the golden age of musical, and that somehow would keep his feet on the ground.Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling play a couple of dreamers who fall in love in the city of dashed dreams. By the time they meet, she has been to too many auditions which led nowhere. He's a lover of jazz, a form of music that doesn't really appeal to the masses, but it is his obsession, and he doesn't appear to be the compromising type. He finds himself often, and he chooses to ignore practicality over dreams. Maybe that's what attracts him to the aspiring actress, or maybe it's the fact that she is a looker and a charmer, with a dash of innocence.The film has them going to parties full of vapid personalities and possible contacts. These parties are at best hollow, expendable, and also serve as backdrop or props for the next musical number. There were times when I wondered how these two characters managed to even become guests in those settings. There are many "holes" in this musical, and too many instances where one feels like the team is trying too hard to show creativity. He drives an old, loud, and hip convertible. She somehow can afford a Prius with what appears to be a part time job as a barista in, check this, a movie studio.Musicals are about dreams and don't stress reality and accuracy over dreams and the magic of its music and sets, but even "Singing in The Rain" didn't hold back in its portrayal of the negative in Hollywood. It didn't hold back when showing the prototypes in the parties, and at best, you were part of the help if you ever made into a "party". We have seen spontaneous and magical musical numbers take over reality in many films, the ones in here fall short in many ways.Much has been said about the "freeway" opening number, and I wanted to like it a lot, but there was no fire in the performances, the dancing, or the quite boring setting. There wasn't any particular challenges in the dancing, and the lyrics felt amateurish at best. It wasn't a good beginning for a musical because it didn't even hint at better things to come."La La Land" improves as it goes on, but the quality of the lyrics remains a problem. The melodies in the smaller numbers fare better, almost approaching lovely a couple of times, and since it's a fantastic with touches of realism, it's pretty sad. The only time I felt like I was really witnessing magic was the bit in the Observatory, conveniently opened after closing hours, and when we're given the alternate "take" on what their lives could have been.Emma is lovely, and Ryan does a good job portraying the jazz piano player. Romance and chemistry register, and there are moments that show the director and writer understands the world of entertainment, but it also reveals that there's a limit to what he knows. It pains me to compare it "Singing in The Rain", but that other movie had its heart and mind in the right place, an exuberant song and dance piece that had insights on what lied in the heart of the beast, showing the duplicity in the hearts of some of the members of this world. Dreams came across loud and clear, in vibrant colors. The hunger to belong and be more successful was apparent in the physical routines. "Fame" which portrayed the world of the aspiring singers and dancers bursts with physical force in all of its numbers. It never needs to call attention to itself.Maybe the problem is that for a musical about making it and trying to keep dreams and love alive in the city of dreams, it does not offer much in the way of magical settings. The brush around the Observatory is not pretty, especially the first time we see them dancing. There are hints of greatness, but they come too far in between.Maybe we want to like it too much, but let's be honest it scores big in effort. It doesn't do too well with the finished project. I kept having flashes of "The Artist", "Fame", "Singing in The Rain", films that delivered in quality both lyrically and visually. I wasn't angry, just disappointed because I wanted to like it more. Maybe a bit more time rehearsing, getting a better lyricist, focusing more, etc. could have made its heart beat with a stronger, more interesting form of energy.

Ye gods, this was bad! I notice only now IMDb does not offer 0 as a possible raring, so I guess I gotta go for 1, so be it. My skin is getting covered with red spot just thinking that the Academy is ready to pour plenty of awards on what I think is the most idiotic movie of the year (and possibly beyond). The world is sinking? The Titanic's orchestra is always ready: sing a song, evil will go away. Why awarding movies that hurt, that make you feel uncomfortable? I know, I know what you're going to tell me: "right because we are surrounded by problems, we need to dream". Yeah, well...except that there's a difference between dreaming and going numb, between lightening up and unplugging your brain. So, at least you're warned; but if you still like the Titanic's orchestra, here it goes: the silliest blend of deja-vu's and clichés (the starving artist giving up the bucks for his dreams, the starving artist giving up the dreams for the bucks, the evil star-system in hateful Hollywood, etc etc) delivered through a dead and buried genre (the musical, yeah).

From the raves and reviews that my partner and I had read and heard, we were expecting an Academy Award Winning quality movie to rival the classics of all times. La La Land is not. It is not a movie to rival any great musical or comedy film. The movie is of a basic boy meets girl story-line; with a weak plot to follow. It is in no way in the same league as a "West Side Story" (1961) motion picture. I can see how it may be entertaining to the age group of 18 to 40 year old...maybe, but for those of us who know classic musical movies and plays, it is quickly realized that this movie is not to be a classic. Entertaining in parts, but not memorable. Some of the scenery of LA and surrounding area was well shot, but much of the cinematography was fast moving and narrowly focused, like the movie's plot. This writer's movie guest of the evening developed motion sickness from the jumpy and out-of-focus scene-to-scene action of the camera(s). No idea how this movie can be considered memorable for short-term memory enjoyment, or long-term entertainment reflections, much less how can it be considered Academy Award worthy.

Special opening comment for IDMB.com: Honestly I just wanted to leave my thoughts on the film itself but then I saw the overwhelming amount of positive reviews on this film and praising it like there is no tomorrow. "Love letter to Hollywood" Really? In what way is La La Land a love letter? All it does is refer to some classics and then completely botches up the elements that makes us love the classics in the first place. If anything this is making a mockery out of everyone involved in those high quality old school musicals that were made with love and passion. La La Land is made out of greed. You better remember this.Now I have this out of my system my original review (which you can read on my website Chrichton's World:La La Land is a tribute to the old school musicals where actors like Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds and many others impressed us with their acting, singing and dancing. They were top notch in whatever they did on the screen and truly were stars all around. However La La Land is not a particularly good tribute as it lacks a lot that made films like Singin' in the Rain and An American in Paris classics.So what went wrong? First and foremost the musical numbers are far from memorable. When I first heard the song City of Stars I liked it instantly. It easily is the best song but at the same time a very flawed one. Why? Ryan Gosling is not a good singer. I am sure he tried his best but you can hear that he can't sing that well. In another version of the song Emma Stone chimes in and I don't like that version at all because she is even a worse singer than he is. Both also can't dance and it's so bad that it was ruining the enjoyment. You can tell that they are struggling and their movements were far too slow. In the opening musical number you have a bunch of unknown people singing and dancing and they obviously know what they are doing as they move very swiftly and gracefully. They also do a lot of impressive stunt work very reminiscent of what was shown in the older musicals. And while this scene was good it exposed the flaws of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone as leads. Especially in the first dance scene featuring Emma Stone it becomes painfully obvious she is not a match for anyone in the opening scene.Another huge problem is the story. Or lack of. Nothing in the story was remotely interesting and pretty by the numbers and the one supposed conflict was so predictable and forced that destroyed all the hope that was left. What hope? For this film to redeem itself. And it never does. Instead it gives us an ending opposite of what is expected since director Damien Chazelle is pretentious and very full of himself. I guess the fame and success he achieved with Whiplash has gotten to his head. And Whiplash wasn't that good in the first place. And no I don't need predictable endings. What I do need are endings that are logical and are written well. It has to make sense why characters behave and act a certain way. You have to give the viewer reasons to make their actions believable. Chazelle never even attempts this. He only gives a motivation out of convenience. Also I am failing to see how anything in this film could be seen as comedic. There maybe were one or two moments that were genuinely funny but enough for this film to be advertised as a comedy? Not in the slightest.Also just referring to the classics is not enough. You need to add something of your own to make it unique or entertaining. I mean these songs were the best they could do? At points they showed L.A. in the background and it looked like more was going to be done with the scenery like Michael Mann did in Heat. I think more beautiful shots of L.A. at night would have surely made some impact. But of course that would have required real effort.I don't feel like writing anymore. Truth be told I was very looking forward to this film since I really was in the mood for some old school fun and all I got in return is anger and disappointment since this film is nothing like the classics.I do think I have been very fair as this film is advertised as one of the greatest musicals / films in a long time. And this simply is not true. Even with all the good will this film has no redeeming elements whatsoever.

I have no clue what all the fuss is about. I think it is Hollywood in love with itself. All these awards nominations is about as realistic as Trump's 3 million illegal voters.The dance scenes are terrible. They have obviously learned a few moves for the movie but isn't much better than the contestants on Dancing with the Stars. They wouldn't even have made it as supporting dancers for Fred and Ginger. The singing is slightly better but not much.The story line is trite and obvious. I regretted spending the money to see it in a theater. When my wife and I came out we looked at each other and said, Why did people make such a big deal about this movie?I will say the cinematography was excellent but that wasn't enough to save the movie.

I'm a movie buff and I've seen seven movies this year and I love musicals. However, for the first time ever, I walked out half way through a movie as did my friend and half the audience. La La Land was the slowest most boring movie I have ever seen. I cannot believe that Emma Stone got an Academy Award for best actress. It was a shocker! The story would have been best left as a nicely-told romance. Instead, his effort at playing/miming jazz piano was abysmal, their attempt at the Fred-and-Ginger dancing would have been knocked out in the first round of Dancing With The Stars. Emma's up-the-nostril close ups and very very limited singing ability were not attractive. But above all, the songwriting (repetitive uninspiring motifs) and transparent unimaginative scoring was the biggest disappointment. At last there was an opportunity for an original composed and scored movie musical, and they came up with this drivel. I apologise to those who enjoyed it, I'm sure there was merit if you weren't distracted by a critical eye.

OK a musical where neither actor can sing or dance. That is not a good idea to say the least. I find Emma Stone to be annoying and a terrible actress. She is monotone! I must be the only person that doesn't like her but I think she is terrible. I didn't like either of the self absorbed self pitying characters. I didn't care what happened to them. The dialog is thin. It could have been written by a child. The music is uninteresting. I did like the one song John Legend did.Need I say more? I find it sad that movie goers today are finding this piece of trite amazing. Don't waste your money!

I watch a lot of movies and are fairy easy to please but to say a movie is outstanding or terrible, it really has to be amazing or woeful. La la land is a pile of steaming sh_t that is the most tragic boring and uninspired piece of cinema.
I only last half of the film and has to leave- it was pathetic!

There are many musicals that fall into my "Favorites" category and this is definitely one of them. For a Director to take two actors that have no singing or dancing experience, however a dynamic chemistry with each other, made it work. The opening scene immediately draws the audience in with a snappy, amazing musical number on an LA freeway! This number was worth the Theater tickets! As the storyline develops in the lives of these two people, both struggling artists in different industries we are pulling for them both to find success and an enduring relationship. If you haven't seen this yet, (what are you waiting for?) go and enjoy; you will laugh and cry (which definitely makes up a good movie. Right? We've seen it at least five times and will probably again (we grew up on Musicals).

It's amazing the variety of thoughts that you can see in this film reviews. I've met people that loved every single second of the movie and I've met people that hated it. In my opinion, La La Land is a MASTERPIECE. If you love musicals and romances, this is definitely your choice.

(Flash Review)A colorful and poetically told story about two people who must choose between their dreams or their relationship. Was their romance truly meant to be or will fate intervene? The two romantics are scraping by and trying to make it in music and on the acting scene. Will various life hurdles throw them off track? Gosling and Stone melt into their characters with honest dialog and compliment by emotions revealed through expressions. It had some peppy musical moments, vivid scenes, colorful costumes and had a warm spirit about it. Additionally, there were a few nice touching moments as well as several creatively dreamy and whimsical scenes. Overall, it was a simply story laced with a spectrum of emotions.

I saw this on 2018, on February just before the Oscar,
Found this movie real good, very good picture
it is indeed a fantasy film, with real good dancing scenes, 
I happen to play the piano, so the jazz parts were a candy to people who like watching jazz... Mia is adorable her struggle in Hollywood seems convincing
I think this Film, makes you either hate the industry or inspire you....
It's a long movie over two hours, but they spread it over four seasons to make it reasonable. in conclusion I never watched something like this before... (34th)
imaginary yet real good screenplay.

From the internationally proclaimed musical director from Whiplash, damian chazelle has come back strong with another musical film' LALA LAND.
storming 5 academy awards and 6 golden globes has proven how successful the movie is, besides, it gains it.
The movie starts with the song 'Another day of sun', with a group of people dancing in highway, the choreography itself is remarkable enough, but the real magic lies in the tracking shot throughout the whole song, without any editing. The cinematography by Linus Sandgren has not only stops at the tracking shot, but the use of natural lighting throughout the whole movie. The colour grading and the camera movement has created a tremendous nerves of visual sensation. Each songs blends into the music perfectly, with the camera following the choreography, showing each dancing movement clearly. 
This doesn't stop the cinematic magic of Damien Chazzele. He himself is a musician, he knows the music well enough that he understand how music may engage the audience deep enough to make an impact. He finds Pasek and Paul to be the composer of the music soundtrack, the soundtrack won the academy award forest original soundtrack. After watching the movie, the songs and lyrics keeps popping out in my head, brainwashing, this is how the cinematic magic works. 
Words can't describe how appealing the movie is. Some may say the plot is too realistic and the whole movie is overrated, but these opinions comes to be objective. Maybe the plot may not suites anyone's taste, but you can't deny the fact that this movie somehow brings a impact to people, letting people feeling nostalgic back to the 60s, where it claimed to be 'the golden age of Hollywood', after adapting ideas from 'Singing in the rain', 'the umbrellas of Cherbourg' and 'revel without a cause'. The usage of costume and colour somehow comprehend a special visual experience, making the movie colourful and strong in sense.
The special chemistry between Ryan gosling and Emma stone also reminds us of the reality nowadays, making us feeling someway desperate of the truth, where people are unable to follow their dreams, but to sacrifices lots in order to achieve our goal.
Emma stone has done a brilliant job of portraying the role of Mia, maybe she can't sing, but the acts and emotion of hers is undeniably relatable; While Ryan gosling, acting as the role of Sebastian, frankly, is a bit too ordinary. 
Damien chazzele may be the new generation of musical director, bringing new era of musical film to Hollywood. Back in the 50s and 60s, when musical film are a hit, the hype ends in the 70s. Nowadays, less and less musical films are made, in hope of Damien chazzele, wishing he may bring back the hype of musical film back to Hollywood.

This tale about love, to find your own way it's an engaging and precious love story. Without excessive pastry (don't care the people who thinks the musical movies are extremely cloying).
The incredible performance of Ryan Gosling and the outstanding Emma Stone is symbiotic, simply: terrific.I can not get rid of this soundtrack. It's like the perfume you throw in the morning. This movie remind you how difficult is conciliate your couple life with a success life in your job. That's the subtext of this story and many other. Unfortunately for the heart, fortunately for their careers. That is a debate that will always be open.

This flat, poorly scripted movie clearly draws from (read copied) "West Side Story", Singing in the Rain", "Funny Face" (the balloons), "Moulin Rouge", "Top Hat" and actually succeeds in failing. We even hear Kermit the Frog's Rainbow Connection in Emma's song about her aunt.When the screen said "Five Years Later" I sighed with relief. Thank God I did not have to sit for five years in front of this disaster! I can write a better script than that, many can. And with all those movies the writer/director copied from, he should have delivered a product that was at least watchable. Not an Oscar contender at all! Don't waste your time or your money.

Only 2 movies(series) can be compared to this junk. Twilight and 50 shades of grey. The movie was boring, with no chemistry between the main characters whatsoever, I didn't believe for a second they were in love, it was all forced and unrealistic. The acting is so bad, I can't believe they are being paid to be so bad...and the music? Wow, I have nothing against musicals...but the music here was not even a little bit good or interesting. And sadly...this junk has the most Oscar nominations since Titanic? What a joke! Only proves that Oscars mean nothing and its just about who your friends are in the committee. I don't understand the high rating it has...but I nothing surprises me today anymore.

I'm not a fan of musicals. Obviously there are exceptions, such as "Singing in the Rain", "The Wizard of Oz", and, more recently, the great "Sing Street" (not the regular American musical, where people seem to feel an uncontrollable urge to sing and dance in the middle of the street for no reason at all). However, even going against all my instincts, and because of all the fuzz, I decided to watch "La La Land". I arrived; I sat down; I settled down; I waited. The movie begins. Suddenly, people singing, reproducing a choreography perfectly rehearsed, almost mechanical, an explosion of colors as if the world was painted in Technicolor in a long take (?) - practically perfect. I could no longer stay put, every position was already bothering me after 3 minutes.Then we have the first glimpses of Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling. A bad start. How shocking! At first, we are introduced to Mia (Stone), and later we become familiar with Seb (Gosling). In a third moment, we finally have the two together and, from there, inseparable (but not so much). And here, I must say, the fact that Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling are extremely charismatic helped me a lot so I would not go into a catatonic mode and stop paying attention to the screening unfolding in front of me. But not even the enormous charisma of the two was enough to make me enjoy "La La Land".I like Emma Stone, she's a good actress. She does not have much depth, let's face it, but she manages to do her job in a decent way. I think "Birdman" was her less "Emma Stone moment" of all, because I could see a little beyond the wide eyes and the half-open mouth, her trademarks. Well, neither Emma nor Ryan are singers, much less dancers. However, it seems that all the reviews minimize these details, especially due to the forced exuberance the director displays throughout the film and the chemistry between the protagonists. The harsh reality is that Stone is no Debbie Reynolds, let alone Gosling a Gene Kelly. I could not minimize it. It was strange, it was uncomfortable.The whole experience was uncomfortable. Chazelle is a good director, who has impressive technical skills. But, for me, he tried to take a step way longer than his legs. Perhaps, he was overconfident because of what he achieved with "Whiplash". I don't know. All I know is that it lacked humbleness. "La La Land" is pretentious and, at the same time, ordinary, it hides behind the right light and a good art direction.Although the film is "divided" by seasons, it gets a little tricky to realize this when its set is Los Angeles. Apart from the captions on the screen indicating that we have passed from spring to summer and so on, nothing else alludes to what seems to be something important for the narrative: neither the set nor the cinematography. So, be it summer or fall, all that hovers is the love between Mia and Seb in gaudy colors.Not that the cinematography itself is bad. Quite the opposite. It's too beautiful. As I said, the lighting is right, almost perfect. Do you see the problem? When I watch a movie photographed by Lubezki, for example, I do not need to be constantly reminded by light tricks that he is a master of cinematography. But Linus Sandgren is not a Lubezki. It is not innovative, it is not exceptional. And this leads us to the script: girl meets boy; girl falls in love with boy; girl and boy live unforgettable moments; problems happen. I have to admit that, here, Chazelle even tried to skip the usual "and lived happily ever after". But it backfired. I'm not going to tell what happens at the end cause it would be unfair to those who have not yet watched it. It is enough to say that, even if he wanted to do something different, it was nothing that we had never seen before. As if it was not enough, he decided to teach us about dreams, expectations, determination and reality. Not necessary. Too unnecessary.I do not doubt that many people really liked "La La Land". It was made to be liked. I just do not understand how more experienced eyes have been fooled, giving a masterpiece status to such an ordinary movie. The directing is almost convincing; there are some interesting metaphors (Jazz + Hollywood + Golden Age) Even so, "La La Land" is miles behind the great musicals ever made; it's beneath its fuzz and beneath the expectations of someone who wanted, from the bottom of the heart, to have liked this film (myself).

The Plot.Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.Hands down, this garbage was the worst movie i have seen in a decade. From the first frame to the last I was bored to Hell.Why?Well first off the musical numbers actually suck a big one. They are unoriginal and silly and not entertaining. The music is a bore.The story is so thin you can slide it in a locked freezer door.Don't believe the hype. Hollywood lost it's ability to make good musicals decades ago. And this one is the bottom of the barrel.

I saw this film with my mum who wanted a day out to watch a nice film. She's very into titles like Dirty Dancing, Greece and the sound of music. Which she read reviews and with all its critical acclaim (which are totally erroneous) wanted to see the film. When we came out of the cinema however, we both looked at each other. Then i asked "well what did you think?" My mum merely replied "that was awful." The plot of the film was simplistic and to be honest, non existent. There was no chemistry between the characters (Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling) and the film didn't really grasp any genre. It wasn't a musical which it seemed like it with two long sections at the start. But didn't really wow you or tell a story. The film also seemed to forget about dancing or singing, halfway through when there was hardly any. This was apart from the films same song which is repeated so many times it became loathsome. The was as well only really two characters in the whole film. Two leads can make or break a film. In this there was nothing really that made that characters memorable or interesting in this convoluted story. The film also lasted far too long with a bizarre ending which didn't particularly make sense. I do think this film was totally overrated by critics, this is not a film which anyone should waste their time seeing. which anyone should see.

It's hard to understand how this lifeless musical has done so well at the box office, and swept up so many awards and nominations. The film goes downhill fast after an impressive opening song-and-dance routine on a gridlocked Interstate overpass. As soon as the traffic starts rolling again, this love story between a jazz pianist and wannabe actress gets underway with a prescient gesture. Thanks to interruptions for some undistinguished musical numbers, it takes them almost an hour and several coincidental meetings before they're sufficiently motivated to kick-start their tepid romance. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be much glue holding them together, and they soon have an unconvincing argument about chasing their respective dreams. This leads to a brief break-up, followed by a half-hearted reconciliation. Later it's revealed they parted - presumably because they weren't all that into each other in the first place - but the script doesn't bother to show how this separation occurred. As the narrative approaches its conclusion, LA's infamous traffic congestion facilitates yet another meeting and a final chance to ignite some drama. The biggest mystery is why so many critics and viewers admire this drab love affair between two people who seem unable to communicate either affection or passion.

There have been many many really great movies over the decades. This includes all categories from action and adventure to romance comedy and musicals etc. For many years my wife and I have used the review rating system here on IMDb to help us make an informed decision about what movies to see and which ones to avoid. The last two movies, including La La Land, had ridiculously high ratings. Ratings that exceed some of the greatest movies of all time.While we didn't hate La La Land it certainly doesn't merit a score of 8.9! I'm a romantic at heart so I didn't walk out of the theater and I endured the slow parts. In the end I was okay with the film but walked away disappointed because it didn't deliver on what I expect from such a overall highly rated review. Recently a famous retail online website (named after a famous rain forest in South America) started filing lawsuits for a recent flood of false / fake and misleading reviews that make the product appear better than it is. I can't help but wonder if the same problem (i.e. hacks) is now infiltrating IMDb. I certainly hope not.NET: If you like musicals, just reset your level of expectations to average. Don't expect to see anything great. My time in the theater was pleasant and relaxing... I enjoyed the popcorn and the quiet time with my wife but we both agreed it failed to live up to the high ratings found here on IMDb.

Another masturbatory exercise in Hollywood self gratification like Birdman, that presupposes that Los Angeles is the only city on earth that matters, and that actors are all anyone should aspire to be. Another piece of irrelevant nonsense that will sweep awards and be forgotten, like The Artist. A film like Silence which addresses the true suffering of the human condition gets passed over thanks to Hollywood christophobia and instead we are asked to lavish praise on another piece of fluff about "struggling artists". Disposable and forgettable effluent.

It was absolutely pathetic.. Bunch of Prozac-drugged hippies dancing to anything. This sets absolutely unrealistic life expectations for young people and you should be ashamed of allowing this abysmal piece of schnitzel to be made public. Overly-hyped Hollywood piece of garbage that didn't need to exist. I would prefer to watch Donald Trump's inauguration speech on repeat for 72-hours straight than watching that opening scene again!I have left the cinema in 20 minutes and decided I HAD to log back into my IMDb account just to try to help other people before they get scammed by Hollywood marketing stunts.Ryan Gosling CANT sing for schnitzel! How did you manage to convince Gosling to sign up for it and ruin his life?

I saw a trailer for this and was pumped for it. I love Jazz. I love modern jive. I love dance. I love theatre. But for me it fails miserably. After watching trailer, I was expecting something along the lines of Grease, Mama Mia or a good old fashioned Singing in the Rain type affair. If you are an 'arty farty' type person it may be your thing. It was long. There was a lot of material that just felt like 'filler'. It felt disjointed. There was nothing memorable about it. Most of the time we were wondering where it was going. The ending was abrupt. It was clever, but after such a long film, I felt this bit was neglected. It felt rushed. I love the actors but this one is easily forgotten. Won't be watching this again. Disappointed.

How can anyone claim this film is so compelling? Neither Ryan Gosling nor Emma Stone can sing or dance, and this is a so-called musical. And when either tries to sing, it's painful to watch them struggle with every note. Emma Stone talks through her teeth to obscure her lisp, which is just too annoying to ignore. To put this film in the same league as West Side Story and The Sound of Music is laughable. It's a movie which can't decide exactly what it is, so we're given alternate endings so that you can just take your pick of which one you prefer, a manipulative gesture that demonstrates no confidence in the writing, which is totally lackluster. And it's way too long. Don't bother.

"La La Land" is one of the most over-rated movies I've seen in many years. How it won so many Golden Globe Awards and is nominated for so many "Oscars" is beyond me. A tissue thin "tinsel town" story attempting to pass itself off as a musical. Not a single memorable song, with a nice "theme" of half a dozen chords (a few bars even), repeated (almost ad nauseum), and not a suitable vehicle for the actors. Perhaps it would have been better if the singing had been dubbed by professional singers. Sheer self-indulgence by and for Hollywood narcissists, with nothing to redeem it, not even its nod to past real musicals.

i love musicals. all the old Fred Astaire and gene Kelly movies, all the rogers and Hammerstein. those wonderful Cole porter songs, the thrilling choreography. exciting ensemble performances. foot tapping and humming as we left the cinema or theatre after watching Cats, Les miserables, mama MIA, or Matilda. this film was nothing like them. the music was unoriginal (elevator music), the choreography was lame, the plot was banal. the lead actors worked very hard but despite their obvious beauty and skills, even they couldn't save it. sorry. it should have been animated and targeted for the pre-teens. it was an insult to our intelligence. i cant think who could have loved this film? no one i know liked it. we worked hard analyzing it trying to give it credit - anything - but it was a struggle. "sweet" was suggested, "second half was much better" was another comment. we really wanted to like it.

La La Land, is a strange movie. There, I've said it.It seems to leave the viewer with a somewhat split attitude, and will leave you pondering long after you've seen it.It's been a long time since I've seen a movie which has inspired me to write any sort of feedback, but La La Land has done just that... Depending on which review you read on IMDb, you'll either find a 10/10 which tells you that it is a musical masterpiece, hankering back to the old cinematic masterpieces of Kelly, Astaire and co, or you'll read a 1/10 which criticises each and every little detail of the movie.Let's be honest, neither review is of help.La La Land is a good movie. It has some great tunes, and for large parts leaves you inspired. There's no denying you'll come out of it feeling a bit of an urge to jump on top of the nearest car and dance.However... it is not the masterpiece that is so widely reported.There are times when both Gosling and Stone characters are infuriating, mildly pretentious and really rather whinny. Neither actor is perfectly cast, but simultaneously it is impossible not to be impressed by the fact that they've obviously trained hard at singing, dancing and (for Gosling) the piano.It's a strange film. It really is.I want to love it. I want to come out singing the praises and looking back at it with the fondness of old school movies, or even the more recent Artist. However, I can't. Something feels wrong about it. The cinematography is a bit off, the tunes don't always catch you, the story-line isn't always clear. It almost feels like the film tries too hard to be good. It knows there is potential, but it tries to force this ability, and subsequently lets itself down.I enjoyed the Jazz, and there are scenes I look back on fondly. I want to watch it a second time, to give myself a greater understanding of it, but simultaneously I've not come out of the cinema and thought "I need to see that again." This is a bad sign.You'll read a lot of praise for this film, you'll read a lot of criticism. You'll also read reviews a lot more detailed and knowledgeable than this one. I guess what I'm saying is that the film is not as good, or as bad as anyone says.It's a film you should see. You'll need to make your mind up. Does it deserve the Oscars? Personally I don't think so. Will it win them? Probably.Give it a go, but go in with an open mind. The critics can't help you with this one.

This was possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. We were with another couple and they wanted to leave after about 40 minutes. We convinced them to stay but probably shouldn't have. We kept thinking it must get better - but sadly no. As others have commented, the acting was poor, possibly due to the incredibly idiotic story line. The dancing looked like a high school music review, the singing - lets just say if you slept through it you were blessed. How this movie got so many awards is beyond me. I thought maybe it was my age. I called my millennial son who also watched it with his wife and they both agreed it was a poor movie.

The opening of this movie set it up perfectly; amateurish and boring. I actually fell asleep during part . . sorry. I found no depth in the characters. Emma had good points during her auditions that showed her acting capacity. Ryan Gosling is great to look at, but I think came across too subdued and cardboard-like. The singing was boring; but I think some was filmed 'live', which is refreshing.The ending was the best part with an alternate possibility, plus thankfully, it was also the end of the movie! A lot of hype over I'm not quite sure what.

BollyWood is the nickname of the Indian film Industry, largely centered in Bombay (now called Mumbai). It produces a steady stream of pisi-kaka every year. So much so that it is in Guiness book of World Records in some category. Most of BollyWood films are in that sense musicals because it has a lit of music and dance, and they are absurd (the song and dance sequence) but cleverly done.With that out of the way, I think the reader can figure out why I chose the above heading. If you have seen the movie, not sure why are you reading it (although I read reviews after I seen a movie to just check out what other people think) and if you have not, I would suggest you do go watch it. I have been meaning to ever since it came out and been postponing it because I wanted to be sufficiently depressed so that if the movie sucked, which it kinda did on many levels, then my day could not get any worse. And it did not.It is a strange movie. Almost like Seinfeld. A TV show about nothing. Although there is the loose connection with one's dreams, how dreams are almost difficult to pursue, bla-blah-blah and of course ends with the hackneyed cliché where boy meets girl, boy and girl fall in love, boy and girl go separate ways and boy and girl meets 5 years later to think what could have been. Boring. So BollyWood.Emma Stone is not even pretty but she grows on you and looks cute in the middle. Gosling is in equal parts good looking, good actor and does a decent job. Neither his performance, nor Emma Stone's , or for that movie as a whole is nothing to write home about. So aptly (if I may use a symbolism) summarized in Emma Stone's (Mia's) phone call to her mother describing Sebastian, her new boyfriend ('he is not anyone yet'). There are hardly any other characters of any significance in the movie. The guy who plays Kevin, or Keith- besides perpetuating the cliché' 'White Boys Can't Jump' (You have to have Black People if you are talking Jazz), do not see what was his role in the movie. I hear he is some kind of a musician of some fame. My advice would be (not that he needs it, or cares) that do not give up your day job. Talk about 'Product placement'!Acting is ordinary, sets are great and THAT dance sequence (with the Canary Yellow Dress) which is plastered all over the promo material is really good. Besides that, not much. Why it is so much of a craze, I would not know. Why 14 nominations, who knows? I don't get to nominate. And frankly who cares besides the folks who made the movie? It does not deserve the 'hate' (did not even know it had hate till I stumbled along the boards), nor does it deserve 14 Oscar nomination or 7 Golden Globes (surpassing One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest- seriously?). My wife watched the movie with her girl-friends on release day and described it as 'Magical'. I knew then I better not rush to watch it. It is a 'chick-flick' but with a sub- text. The queen of unrequited love is the man. How BollyWood! A solid 6.

A tribute to high musicals with worse actors. 14 Nominations?? Give me a break.. I grew up on musicals and these people come no where near Gene Kelly or Fred Astaire musicals, West Side Story, Chicago, Chorus Line or others. Both Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone were highly miscast in this disaster. With ALL the unknown actors on Broadway who could perform on a higher level, could they not find two for the lead roles?? Unknowns would have made it a better movie. For those who claim to LOVE it, do yourself a favor, take a weekend and rent some REAL musicals.. A tribute to Gene Kelly?? Rent Singing in the Rain and watch the master.. During the shooting of the rain scene, Gene was deathly ill with a high fever. He should have been hospitalized but instead, he did the scene.. Remember THAT when you watch it..

The music was enjoyable, but not memorable, the professional dancers were were excellent. The leads - OK. Gosling & Stone did a good job as far as acting, but singing & dance are not their talent - at least in this movie. The story line was pretty routine, nothing all that dramatic. I had a hard time keeping awake for most of it. The ending helped redeem it, but not enough to give it more than 5 stars - for me at least. The dialog was a trite. I still remember many of the songs from the old musicals. I don't think I will remember much of anything from this. If you are looking for a nice evening with a simple , sappy story line and pleasant music, you won't be disappointed. Just don't go in with high expectations. If you disagree and love it, great. You will be pleasantly surprised.

First off I have to admit I am not a musical fan so that definitely is a factor. I was told however this would appeal to everyone, even the ones who do not usually enjoy musicals.The opening of the movie already had me fearing the worst. It is cheesy, not very well sung and it carried on forever! Oh well, here come the main characters. I found them to be shallow and extremely annoying. Singing definitely is not their best quality, the dancing not of this era...The story is so superficial and Hollywood self indulgent, half way through I had no choice but to walk out. I do not understand this movie has been received so well. There are other movies which are much more deserving of various awards, this was a huge disappointment.

A massacre. This is bad, this is really bad. I really haven't' seen a movie that bad and god there are number of them every year, in a long time and so outrageously awarded. Every possible cliché is present. The traffic-jam encounter, seen that in For the love of the game; the people dancing on top of the cars singing about Burritos, i've seen it already: the start of the relationship in front of a movie, seen it a hundred times already, it's like two people collide into each other on the side walk or at the park and they fall in love. It's funny because just a year ago, Woody Allen did a musical and La La Land is a clear copycat. And the ending is predictable by a mile "and they met again at this bar and he played the song and they wondered if whatever had been different". Please, this is overdone ! It's hard to believe that the hype, the campaign, the distribution of awards, the columnists who are bought out, is actually real. The whole 'modern day musical' and 'an incredible bet !' is a joke.This is not a musical. This is a caricature of High School musical, it's on the same level as any other sitcom out there. But, has any of these members of the jury of the Golden Globes and Academy Awards ever watched The Sound of music ? Want to hear an actual musical performer ? Julie Andrews. Not Emma Stone. Julie Andrews.Ryan Gossling ? I'm sorry but i just don't understand what was going through the director of casting's mind. When I think of male performers, yeah Astaire, Paul Robson. But what is Gossling doing in a musical ?I thought a musical was supposed to be a movie with an actual score and performers ? Chazelle's lone motivation: building a famous couple. He wants the girl he's the most attracted to, that's what this movie is all about. It's to propel Gossling/Stone duo right up there with Betty/Dunaway, Andrews/Van Dyke, Costner/Sarandon, and say, "I created an iconic couple!" No you didn't !This is a lazy script, that doesn't give homage whatsoever to the great musicals, its romance is as insipid as the romance in Creed and cheesy as in My all American. Who does Chazelle think he is to believe that he is the first to draw four girls in a red, yellow, green, blue skirts ? The camera work is terrible, it loops, it takes detours - it wants to be creative but there is no discipline to it and that's why it looks bad. The fundamentals were not respected. To be honest, you feel like screaming throughout the entire movie.I remember when Moulin Rouge came out, I was unimpressed by the lack of depth and flavor of the characters but the montage in the format of a video-clip, was quite entertaining. This however, does not back up the hype.

I'm giving this film a three for the opening scene. The rest was room temperature unsalted oatmeal. I tried to like Ryan and Emma's characters but they were empty vessels, partly due to bad writing and partly due to their lack of commitment to the roles. Ryan looked like he was about to soil his undies at any moment, whether because he was righteously defending his bachelorhood, or jazz - his go to expression appeared to be constipated. Emma, whose face looked oddly proportioned in tight close-ups was a wisp of a character, ungrounded, and therefore unbelievable. The aspirational lecturing about jazz and watching "Rebel Without a Cause" came across as pedantic. Overall, it all felt tepid and safe and soft-shoe i.e. no passion. I was bored and felt time weigh heavily on this film. The music was bland as well, dreamy, goopy, overly-sweet, generic, and also boring. I can't say I would ever be inclined to recommend this film to anyone, for any reason. It just never got going. I actually can't believe it won as many awards at the Golden Globes as it did. Now I understand why Ryan had such a look of surprise - or was it constipation? Who cares...

I went into this expecting a really fun movie, and ended up alternating between watching it and reading a short story (and I finished most of the story.) It had great potential, but even allowing for the fantasy during the musical numbers, which I personally enjoyed, it simply wasn't developed well enough and the plot had a lot of holes. If people don't like jazz these days, how is he going to get them to come to a jazz club, no matter how "pure" the music is? Or especially if it is rarified? Do people really show up at auditions with so little attention to their appearance? If she doesn't like jazz, why is she so struck by his jazz music?The worst problem is that the singers all have weak voices, which detracts tremendously from the songs. I didn't find the music memorable, but I enjoyed it at the time. The stars aren't great dancers, either. I never came to care very much about them; they didn't have a lot of chemistry and were only intermittently likable.I would have liked most of the musical scenes, except for the amateurish singing and dancing. I don't see a lot of movies, so I generally didn't get references, if that is what the people who liked the movie were charmed by. The romantic and professional angst scenes were too long and too many. Isn't it o.k. if Gosling "sells out" his music until he can earn enough for his club? How else does he expect to get the money if his preferred art form is dying? That was when I started reading on my iPhone (the ringer was turned off.) I thought that the final scene was very well done, although it didn't tie into what went before too well. It doesn't really connect to the decision point that preceded it.I see by the reviews that some people hated what I loved, and vice versa, so good luck deciding whether or not to see it.

This film didn't fool me. For a minute I felt like I was watching a tourist promo spot. Traffic, Stanley Donen's street dancing, even skaters that projected how cliché Hollywood falls when it no longer can teach the world how to live, think... Decades ago, through movies Americans saw the world through a peephole and now it revives it with Cinemascope and predictable dialogues. Banking this time on the simplicity of "selling the dream" paradigm. The unsung jazz pianist struggling to be reckoned with. An aspiring actress working as a barista beating the audition circuit. They used to fill in as waitresses or party musicians,working in obscurity, yet still in awe, revering showbiz and stardom as their lives' goal. Not much has changed from the day when studios used to capitalize on similar scripts selling glitzy but deluding rags to riches stories. This movie was much needed to the Hollywood crowd. Hence all those overrated accolades and much hype. This film was promoted and marketed to add on the collective auto-suggestion and make them feel that showbiz is the ultimate quest of them all. It's an ego booster to feed the masses that they should keep dreaming, quit school, college or other utilitarian goals and move to Hollywood land to pursue an infinitesimal share of the vast wealth of the industry which equates to a mere 1% of what the movie distributors and production companies rake in selling movie tickets and later DVD sales. However, I didn't have to go to the movies and contribute to that 1%. To get the gist of it, I streamed the film and FFW through the musical parts to skip the commercial overload in the hopes that I could extract net dramatic quality. Performances were superb but the script/story failed us all. I hope members of the Academy and SAG/non-SAG actors can see how detached the film was to the real life of a struggling performer who will never taste notoriety or come even close to make it big in this town. A salutary warning to those who still dream big and must face the sad reality that 99.5% of their guild are still waiting for that call back or a friend of a friend to pull them up on the main stage. Trying to depart from the original mission of enlightening the way to an already pre-convinced (sold) audience, the producers can't hide behind the "telling the story" excuse. Instead they should admit they were just selling us the 6th St Bridge. Hollywood ain't paved with gold.

How can a film be so tiring? Is it its duration, or the immaturity and naiveness that covers all of its existence? I am afraid it is the latter, simply because there have been numerous films throughout the history of cinema, of such duration and longer that have not carried all those negative characteristics like this film does.By trying so much to recreate an era, a romantic era, that existed (only in films) so many decades ago and place it in our era, what they have managed to do is fill a two hour film, with cliché and silly unconnected scenes that even for someone, who goes to the movies for the first time, will be easily seen without much thought or effort. So much dancing and fake sentiment, and so much sunshine, music and singing that allow me to say it is an offence to the real deal: true musicals that will always be remembered and will never be created again. That for a future reference...Overestimated? Unworthy of such plethora of awards and nominations? Absolutely! I simply, an open minded person, wanted to see what was all that fuss, all the enthusiasm, applauding and high ranking. Instead I was rewarded with...a yawn and just a tiny bit of frustration.

"Mandatory fun" were the first words I scribbled in my notebook after sitting through Damien Chazelle's oppressively whimsical throwback. This year's The Artist, La La Land is another hollow exercise striving to be a simulacrum of a thing while pretty much missing the whole point of what it's trying to replicate. Yet much like Michel Hazanavicius' instantly forgotten 2011 Oscar darling, 2016's presumptive Best Picture winner has inspired a bizarrely defensive cult of otherwise intelligent, level-headed people blathering uncritically about "movie magic" while hurling personal attacks at we "bitter folks" who dare not adore their beloved confection. In the weeks since being underwhelmed by La La Land I've been told I have no heart, no love for film and that I must be unable to experience joy. So basically it's a superhero movie for middlebrows.The strain shows from the opening number, in which commuters stuck in gridlock on the Los Angeles freeway jump from their cars and begin belting out one of the film's many unmemorable tunes. Chazelle sneaks his edits inside of whip-pans to give the illusion that this is all taking place in a single, unbroken shot. But his time may have better been spent working on the choreography – which seems to be comprised mainly of the dancers throwing their arms up in the air and then putting them back down again. As with the Full Metal Julliard histrionics of his previous picture Whiplash, there's no pleasure in the filmmaking here — just the blood, sweat and gritted teeth of Chazelle's self-conscious virtuosity. Every frame of this film cries out, "Are you not entertained?" Five minutes in I wanted to pat the poor guy on the head, give him a cookie and tell him it's okay to chill out a little bit.Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone star as Sebastian and Mia, two mismatched lovers struggling to be real artists in a city rotten with commercial compromise. He's a jazz pianist, one so committed to his art he gets himself fired from gigs all over town for refusing to play standards and improvising like a lunatic instead. On their first date Sebastian takes Mia to a jazz club and mansplains the music to her in that especially insufferable way white boys have of putting people off the entire art form. (It should also be noted that for all of Sebastian's fanaticism he appears to have no qualms about loudly talking over a live performance.) Mia wants to be an actress and claims she's an outcast because she loves old Hollywood movies, yet strangely all we see of this is her lying about a film she hasn't seen. There's not really a character here, just lots of vague idealism that Emma Stone's considerable charisma somehow manages to make watchable. As we've seen in films both decent (Crazy Stupid Love) and unwatchable (Gangster Squad), she and Gosling are enormously charming together. Their chemistry props up La La Land for far longer than it should, particularly as these two struggle mightily with the singing and dancing.(Speaking as someone who still feels sorry for Russell Crowe and Pierce Brosnan, I'll never figure out why filmmakers continue to insist on casting actors with no musical theatre training in musicals. Were Justin Timberlake and Anna Kendrick really that busy? Anne Hathaway not returning phone calls? Why go with the one guy from The Mickey Mouse Club who didn't dance or sing?) Chazelle studiously mimics the candy-colored palates and elaborate soundstages of classic musicals and ticks off all the expected references without understanding that the pleasures of those old movies lie in their elegance and relaxed grace. Everything's about exertion with this dude. The writer-director's monastic bent comes up again in what becomes the movie's misguided central conflict: John Legend pops up as a hugely successful musician who hires Sebastian to play keyboards in his touring band. But this dream gig isn't artistically pure enough for Mia, who attends an arena show at which much mockery is made of the audience for enjoying it. Pretty sure I'm not the first to point out that Legend's band is treated with the derision of Ghost World's Blueshammer.Okay, so it was here that I really started to hate Mia. Her guy's landed a job most musicians would kill for and she's chewing his broke ass out for not somehow magically finding the money to open his own jazz club instead. She's also still a freaking barista at this point. And let's not even get into the ugly optics of the two white leads with middling musical talent being held up as paragons of artistic integrity while John freakin' Legend is presented as some sort of sellout loser. (He's also the only black guy in this movie that's allegedly about jazz, which at least is one more brother than was in Chazelle's last film about jazz. This is progress, I guess.) La La Land lunges for the bittersweet melancholy of Jacques Demy's The Umbrellas Of Cherbourg, but has no interest in that movie's heartbreaking economic realities. The super-entitled Sebastian and Mia have amazing career opportunities fall out of the sky into their laps and both get pretty much everything they've ever wanted in the end without having to compromise or work very hard. The final ten minutes of La La Land are undeniably effective –just like the ludicrous ending of Whiplash was– because Chazelle knows how to work an audience over until you say "uncle." As for the dopey received wisdom that nobody's making movies in this genre anymore, on my ten-best list last year were both Chi-Raq and Magic Mike XXL – two musicals full of more joy, innovation and imagination in any given number than you'll find in the entirety of La La Land's labored, freeze-dried replica.

I really don't enjoy giving reviews this low of a rate, but when critics and the awards communities give something such high marks I expect to be impressed. I most definitely was... NOT. I LOVE CINEMA regardless of genre or time period and I LOVE MUSIC. I didn't get great (or memorable) music nor did I see a great film. I really don't understand y critics were so enamored with this because it completely fell flat. I am a fan of Stone & Gosling but compared to Crazy, Stupid, Love their chemistry was atrocious; actually they were worse than the horrible Gangster Squad. This was supposed to be emotional and romantic but as a couple these 2 didn't experience anything worthwhile. I just don't understand what critics were thinking when they reviewed this (except the Corn Flicks Movies reviewer who thankfully didn't jump on the bandwagon)I honestly believe there wouldn't be as BIG of a backlash against this film if it wasn't for the HUGE PRAISE it received. Critics had the public believing this could be the next Singing in the Rain and it's barely better than High School Musical 2 (I actually liked the 1st one) I just really hope & pray Hollywood will stop believing their own hype and just make stuff that challenges the human brain yet entertains us...

A struggling actress and a struggling talented musician are the backdrop to this musical.I am Indian so I love musical movies and was so surprised seeing Singin in the Rain, it was so beautiful. So I came in with a little too much expectation.I felt that the movie had too many songs! It detracted from the story rather than adding to it.Somehow Emma Stone was just not right for this part. Debbie Reynolds and Merylin Monroe are the kind of actresses that are just perfect for this role. A beautiful endearing smile and somehow you are rooting for them from the bottom of your heart. Relatively Emma Stone seems cold, though she seems to be acting very well.Ryan Gosling plays his usual cool dude performance and he does a fantastic job. But I would have loved to see Leonardo De Caprio in this role, it would have been stunning.They both have an interesting love story with the current trend of self deprecating jokes, situation analysis etc., (which I am not a big fan of). There are so many subtle things that I enjoyed, like the car, the studio, the music (things that you normally don't notice much when the drama takes center stage). And the ending left me a little disappointed. This is supposed to be an artistic movie, so it was not supposed to have a typical Hollywood ending, still not happy.Finally, a 'Hollywood' musical is a special, once in a blue moon thing and this just did not live up. But thanks. And I am happy this movie is a success, and hoping to see similar and even better movies.

It's not that I don't like musicals. More likely it's because I do that I found "La La Land" as mediocre a film as any I've seen in recent years. So glad my wife felt the same. It would have been hard to fake enthusiasm for any of it.The musicals of the golden age of Hollywood had singers, songwriters, dancers, and choreographers who were at the top of their game. Now in an apparent attempt to make the movies more authentic while maintaining the "star quality" necessary to get people to come, star actors who are amateur singers and dancers are used. There wasn't a memorable lyric or dance step in the entire 2 hours.After reading the critic's reviews it really seemed as though they were so excited that Hollywood made a musical that they neglected to consider whether they had made a good one.

I finally got around to viewing this tonight and after reading all the hype I was disappointed. I don't want to be too harsh on Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone because they are obviously not singers or dancers and it was brave of them to do this.To be honest I am not a lover of musicals but I do like jazz. Many times after seeing a movie whether it is a musical or not there is some music or song that sticks with me and I end up buying the soundtrack but that will not be the case with La La Land.Last month I bought the newly released blu-ray of The Boy Friend by Ken Russell which I saw in a theatre in 1971 and is one of the few musicals that I love. While watching La La Land I couldn't help but think how it paled in comparison to The Boy Friend in terms of music, dancing and amazing musical numbers.

I didn't really care for this movie. It had a terrible plot. I think Gosling and Stone did an excellent job with what they were given, but they weren't given much. I didn't give one hoot about either of these people. Especially Emma Stone's character. I did not like her. Good performance but not of a likable character.Not only was this movie not very interesting in the beginning or middle but the ending was seriously trite. She DOES become a famous actress. He DOES get his jazz club. Right.The songs were not memorable. The only thing I liked was the small montage of various L.A. spots and at the very least they used the Hermosa Beach pier for one scene and didn't go for the over-clichéd Santa Monica Pier. But really, this movie had NOTHING to do with Los Angeles. This was the L.A. of people who have lived here for about 2 years and haven't got a clue. This was the L.A. of people in "the industry" which are, in my opinion, not real Angelenos. People who work in the entertainment industry seem to think that this is what L.A. is about and it's really a very small portion of what this city is about. Believe it or not, Los Angeles is a real place, but this movie was fake, fake, fake.

Insipid, uninspiring and totally contrived. LaLa tries to be a love letter to LA but instead became rather dreary and predictable (and LA wasn't particularly shown to best advantage either). It was Moulin Rouge without the excitement, pizazz, or pacing (and that's not a particularly high bar). After the opening scene, which has been done elsewhere, it devolved into more cliché with mediocre dancing and singing. The saddest part for me is that I love romantic movies and I found no genuine chemistry between the main characters. Every note rang false, except for the energetic musical performances which contrasted sharply with the low energy elsewhere.

There was a time I remember, sometime during the mid-to-late '90s, when the idea of watching a musical was laughable. It was a silly trend that was once popular with the movie-going audience back when cinema was relatively primitive, which saw a kitschy revival in the '70s and '80s with the likes of Grease (1978) and Xanadu (1980), but died a death when the rapid evolution of CGI made anything possible on screen. Then came Moulin Rouge! and its use of modernised classic tunes in 2001, and movie-goers have been in love with the genre again ever since. Its popularity shows no sign of stopping either, and writer/director Damien Chazelle, who made a big impression in 2014 with the excellent Whiplash, has sculpted one of the best musicals of recent times with the Oscar-nominated La La Land, a film that manages to feel both traditional and contemporary.The film combines two elements clearly dear to Chazelle: The lavish musicals of the 1950s (and to a lesser degree the '40s), and pure jazz. The two wandering souls at the story's centre dream of leaving their mark in their respected fields, but both are in love with the past in industries always looking forward. Actress Mia (Emma Stone) spends time between humiliating and soul-crushing auditions serving coffee near a studio lot, where she occasionally crosses paths with a glamorous star as the rest of the room whisper excitedly. Musician Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) cannot resist ignoring the festive playlist at his restaurant haunt in favour of some improvisation on the piano - much to the annoyance of his boss Bill (J.K. Simmons) - while he dreams of opening his own traditional jazz bar. Sebastian is quick- tempered, neurotic, and plain rude, but Mia pursues him anyway. They fall in love, and express their feelings through impromptu song-and- dance routines.Chazelle knows the genre inside out, and seems to favour the lavish MGM musicals and the glamorous physicality of the era's stars such as Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Opening with a near one-shot song-and-dance routine, beautifully photographed by Linus Sandgren, it goes on to deliver many dazzling and classical numbers, which are often glorious to behold and backed by a soundtrack of memorable tunes that manage to stay in your head for days afterwards. They are performed admirably by the central pair, who have real chemistry. One of the few saving graces of the Amazing Spider-Man films was the chemistry between Stone and Andrew Garfield, and here she sizzles with Gosling. It's the movie's main strength. Rather than merely go through the motions and familiar tropes, you really want them to be together. You can truly feel their happiness every time they see each other.La La Land stutters when exploring deeper, more complex themes. The second act sees the two achieve some degree of success, with Mia developing a one-woman show and Sebastian joining up with a fellow musician played by John Legend in a band making waves in the world of jazz. Will Mia ultimately degrade herself in order to make it in a brutal industry that may not deserve her, and how can Sebastian, a hardcore old-schooler, be happy in a flashy group looking to move the genre forward? It seems like a poor excuse to simply tear the couple apart to experience their inevitable rough patch, and doesn't really fully explore the characters' emotional quandaries. But this slight lag doesn't last for very long, and the final moments are simply perfect. One of the great things about Whiplash was that final, heart- pounding moment of physical and spiritual triumph, and La La Land wraps up the story with grace and genuine tugs on the heartstrings. proving itself to be much more than a mere homage.

What an over-hyped musical! I love musicals from stage to screen, but this one is really one of the worst I have ever seen. Apart from the camera work, I can't find any redeeming qualities in this movie. Bad cast, bad music, bad storyline, NOTHING to hold my interest. I just kept forwarding the movie for the more "interesting" parts and then found myself forwarding again after one minute or two.Honestly I haven't seen a Hollywood movie in ages, but I thought I'd give this one a chance after hearing so many positive reviews. Turned out they were all hype, all outright lies. I am done with the media and sheeple society.

It is not fully awful, reason why i rated 2 instead of one (another reason is I love the director but not as much as the two actors).Honestly, it is the first bad movie I see featuring Emma Stone ! I loved all her performances even the very first movies...but not this one...AT ALL. She is a great actress but a poor dancer and a poor singer ! Too bad she is even surpassed on the subject by Ryan, that I also truly love (not much to through away in his career). Mel Gibson did an incredible job in "What Women Want" dancing with a hat in his apartment...all people loving Ryan's dancing should immediately watch that memorable scene with Mel.Overall, I agree with the 1, 2 or 3 stars ratings...it is a HUGE disappointment ! But check it for yourself because you never know you might enjoy it (my daughter loved it...and she is a great person with clear judgment).

I had been hearing about this movie for days,kept reading everywhere how good it is,and decided to go see it. Worst decision ever. Ever! I love me some musicals don't get me wrong but this movie was so boring that my friends and I had decided to walk out thirty minutes in. It was supposed to be a comedy? Yeah I don't know about that. Just another overrated movie. But I do want to give it up to Ryan, he did an amazing job and that he was the only good thing about this movie. Coming from an Emma Stone fan. It didn't deserve all the golden globes that it got. Hopefully the next Gosling/Stone movie will be better 'cuz they do have a great chemistry.

I like musicals but I must say I am a little disappointed by this one. Sometimes it is easier to make your verdict if you compare two movies of the same genre to get your opinion straight - Baz Luhrmans Moulin Rouge is imo in every aspect superior to La La Land: the story more drama, the music, singing and dancing superior, also the settings and visuals - superior. Imo first of all the story of La La Land is - mediocre and so are the characters. The story of La La Land is more of a soap opera than drama and so it lacks of depth, and for a comedy, well I miss the elements of comedy mostly. I like Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone a lot as actors but compared to the performances and chemistry of Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman they just look mediocre - I mean Kidman dying in the arms of McGregor is more worth than all of La La Land.Also if I compare La La Land with Sweeney Todd it loses - the story, the characters of the latter are just far more interesting, I didn't liked the music of Sweeney Todd a lot but at least the story was interesting and captivating enough to hold my attention. In La La Land I wasn't emotionally invested into the characters and in the music at all. Ofc I am no lover of Jazz but I remember that the movie Whiplash about the drumming kid got me invested and I liked the passion and stuff conveyed by the maestro teaching his classes and the young talented guy. I also liked the tunes. Also another recent musical Les Misérables with Jackman, Crowe and Hathaway beats La La Land easy. Okay I know, Les Misérables is a classic but the execution is just superb. Imho La La Land plays in the league of Into The Woods (Kendrick, Streep & Chris Pine), latter got its problems with the story but imo the tunes and singing performances are still a notch better. So all in all I would say for a musical, the music, the dancing, the story is okayish, the acting good, but La La Land I would only recommend for lovers of the genre who must see them all. If someone would ask me what musical he or she should watch for an introduction to the musical genre La La Land would not be on my list, or well, far from the top. Tbh - if this is Oscar material it just shows imo that the quality of recent Hollywood outputs don't belong to the best. Ryan and Emma both already have done much better movies before.

I went in with high expectations and the dance number at the beginning boded well. I understood this was an "about Hollywood" movie with a storyline that had been done repeatedly, but that is okay and the actors should have been up to the task. Many of the musical numbers had a quality that reminded me of Les demoiselles de Rochefort which is a film I enjoy - indeed, I felt that Jacques Demy must have been a muse for this director. The problem is when there wasn't music the story was flat and turgid. The main comment I heard from others in the audience was that the movie was boring. The movie could have cut 30 minutes from the dramatic scenes and the total effect would have been much improved. My suggestion is wait until you can record it on DVR and fast forward to play the musical parts.

I'll call it right now. 'La La Land' will win Best Picture at the Academy Awards, and for no other reason than the fact that the Academy loves a film about the industry. If there's a film based around movies in anyway amongst the nominees list, put your money on it to win. Does it deserve the award? No, there were many superior films released in 2016.Hollywood seems to be obsessed with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone as a couple. This is their third film appearance together and for my liking they just get worse every time. Comparing the chemistry for example to Gosling and Rachel McAdams in 'The Notebook', they are worlds apart. Stone is a very good actress as far as emotional range goes, but she can't pull off the likable tag very well.I really enjoyed Damien Chazelle's previous film 'Whiplash'. In a lot of ways they are very similar films, but in the more important ways they are worlds apart. The biggest difference is the modesty that 'Whiplash' achieved. It had great characters, yet it acted like it didn't know it. 'La La Land' has very average, even poor occasionally, characters yet acts like they're God's gift to cinema.I was really disappointed coming out of 'La La Land'. Even though I knew it wasn't my type of film ideally, I was willing to give it a chance and thought it might surprise me due to my low expectations. On the contrary though, it managed to fall below my expectations. My advice would be don't be fooled by the reviews and probable Oscar nominations. There's nothing to see here.

I just watched this a second time. "Someone in the Crowd" (very catchy and upbeat) and "City of Stars" (emotional) are clearly the highlight songs of this film. I love those songs. It made me cry the second time watching it, especially when Ryan starts playing "City of Stars" for Emma. That part is very touching. Sorry, there is no way this movie is a 9/10 (currently), it will definitely go down once the hype dies down. I was excited to see this, but I think it is being over-hyped too much. I think it's better if you go in with low expectations.I understand this movie is "refreshing" than the typical usual marvel comic super hero movies or animated movies always coming out in theaters, but it's being too over-hyped as if it's the best movie/musical ever. Is everyone not really focusing on the story and just rating on the visual? It's like people criticize Michael Bay films right away because most of his action movies have a cliché generic plot, even though visually, he knows how to show action; well, people seem to forgive the generic storyline of LA LA Land because of the visuals. This is no "500 Days of Summer", that was released in 2009, (now that's a feel good movie from start to finish that breaks some cliché, which is easily a way better film than this/and has a better message)I can't help it but compare this movie to 500 Days because the whole different SEASONS things, it takes place in LA, some musical scenes, about pursuing dreams/romance/what if it happened this way instead and that... BUT, 500 Days of Summer is just a way better solid movie. LA LA Land, underneath the surface, take away all the dancing and nice costumes, just actually feels less magical than 500 Days. This movie also reminds me of "The Artist", which I'm sure most people have forgotten by now - was a major overrated, over- hyped Oscar win, where it was clearly praised on the visual/technical level/homage, because there really wasn't an interesting plot and the story was just bland and generic. Honestly, who really cares about Oscar wins anymore - the people voting choices are always predictable (Will Smith did not force me to write this); like another dreadful boring overrated movie "Spotlight" won just because it was controversial subject. This is a musical, so they will randomly start singing like in Disney movies. But the musical parts weren't as memorable, catchy, or exciting as I imagined or was hoping for from all the hype. It doesn't sound like real music, but just actors just trying to sing lines in a musical way. I don't think it's on the same level as Moulin Rouge. It actually came off more comical whenever Ryan Gosling just randomly starts singing. Joseph Gordon-Levitt can sing, but I don't think Ryan Gosling has that singing level. Even though 500 Days of Summer isn't a musical, I enjoyed that film's musical parts, and is way more memorable and feel-good. Griffith Observatory was underwhelming. Also, it's such a waste to see these nice large production sets/extras, yet the camera just pans fast across becoming just a complete motion blur. Again, 500 Days of Summer made LA look beautiful than it really is and felt more memorable. (They made that Angels Knoll park iconic). I just don't remember any memorable moments except the opening freeway, which is impressive on a production level, but it wasn't as legendary classic level or worth the hype, as it just felt out of place just randomly happening in the beginning of the film. Clearly they just wanted to open the film with some sort of big bang, but it's the same as throwing in a Michael Bay action sequence when there's no substance to the story. I was more thinking during that scene, why are we watching these people dance suddenly?I don't feel the romance between Ryan and Emma at all; their chemistry is more like siblings. The director relied too much on Ryan/Emma's "chemistry reputation" from their previous films together. They're both very talented, but I didn't feel the romance at all. The part where they say "I love you" to each other was cringe worthy/hard to believe. In fact, for them to get together is extremely forced and cliché in this film. I get the cliché formula already where they act like they hate each other in the beginning, but suddenly fall in love, but this one is so rushed for them to get together. It seems like the story was a second afterthought and the dancing/sets were more of the priority. There's a very ironic line in the film where John Legend says about being stuck in the old (jazz) from the past being a traditionalist won't bring the wave for the future... yet this film still tries to be in the old days of Hollywood. The film was shot in cinemascope; I thought the projection, at the theater I saw this at, was really bad - the colors were so dull/faded - but apparently this was how it was shot.Just out of nowhere "sell out" John Legend comes to the rescue. And out of nowhere, out of all things on Emma's last audition, where we expect to hear her maybe share about her whole "magical" experience with Ryan (which may be cheesy), instead she brings up about her aunt!? (which is even cheesier!) Like where did that come from?!! In harsh reality, dreams may come true. The irony in dreams, dreams may not always come true.

Wow great cast terrible movie. The flow of this movie is bad it's like they look for another scene to play another boring song. Boring characters and setting make for a dreary movie. Give this one a miss it's bad

I must admit that I am not even such a big fan of musicals, so I wasn't necessarily disappointed by the music. But this was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen in my life. I almost couldn't finish it. I was expecting to like this, as the imagery was beautiful and I like almost any love story, no matter the style of the movie. But each scene was void of any feeling! The story was nothing... I am sorry, but I really couldn't enjoy it.

I personally know many people who've seen this film - and all of them hate it. Every other review I've written is based on my own viewing - but I'm making an exception for this dreadful film. It sounds so bad that I haven't seen it and am repeating what they said - rather than subjecting myself to the hell of watching it.Here are the problems with this film:a) It's boring - especially in the middle. It's far too long for its content.b) Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are mediocre at singing and dancing. Good singing and dancing are essential in a musical film. c) Gosling's character is an arrogant snob who thinks that anyone who doesn't love jazz is beneath him.d) Stone's character lacks a personality.e) It's too unrealistic for anyone to take seriously as a romantic drama.f) There's nowhere near enough humour for it to work as a comedy.The critics and fans don't address these bad points. They don't deny them - they just ignore those faults or claim that they aren't a problem.

The most magical cinematic experience I've ever had in my life. It's simply perfect, and I wished I would've have seen it more than twice in theaters. The colors are just simply gorgeous and it's meaning about dreams is so inspiring, yet depressing. It hurts me when I see people give this negative reviews. I adore this film, and it's everlasting impact on me.

My mind is still trying to find the good in this film...but each time I do, I ended up laughing and saying "UGH!!! WHY? WHY?" I just cannot understand why it has won so many awards! The ugly truth is...it's rubbish mostly. Sure, the colour and editing are great but the rest is just BORING and TRYING-HARD. I didn't feel the movie. There's nothing in it that would make me feel so into the characters nor the story. The climax is missing and thus, nothing to look forward to in the ending. And in between scenes, they would painstakingly insert singing and dancing that don't go very well with the scenario. The music is unpleasant to the ears, no recall at all! The opening number is awful, who wrote that? What kind of music is that. Haha! Oh my! Emma Stone's acting is the worst! Her facial expressions were awful, you can tell she is just "acting" as opposed to being drawn to the character because it feels real. Hers is fake acting. No emotions, no heart. If I'm given the chance to interview Ryan Gosling, I would ask, "what made him accept this role?, Which story has more value, The Notebook or La La Land?" The story is just as awful as the acting. The plot's boring. I cannot tell where the climax is. Transition is rough. Dance movements - been there, done that! If you have watched Moulin Rouge, The Sound of Music, Singin in the Rain, Grease, Chicago and the likes, you would agree how terrible La La Land is. I begin to wonder.. to those people who find this the best film they've watched... Were they just been born yesterday? Damien Chazelle is a lucky newbie director, the award giving bodies surprisingly liked it, however, awful it really is.

It started out OK but then I got the feeling throughout the movie that the filmmakers tries so hard making it the kind of movie it wants to be: A movie where it seems natural to start dancing and singing anytime. But it don't. That's the major problem for me, they just don't get away with it. It tries to be relaxed, special and weird in a good way (artistic) but it just don't and it huuurts! Then there's the fact that many scenes seems to have been made without any effort of perfecting them, there's a long shot were the main characters are small- talking on a distance where they have OBVIOUSLY been doing voice-overs of themselves, the lips aren't even following their words?!Then there's no chemistry between Gosling and Stone, they're just being stiff, specially Gosling who's even more stiff when dancing (he's pretty cute though). And it's absolutely outrageous that Stone won an Oscar for this?! Haven't seen the other nominated movies but I find it hard to understand that someone couldn't be better than that?And what is the movie even about? It's NOT a story worth building a movie upon, it could be a sidetrack in a bigger film, it don't justify itself. Too long. Too pretentious.Mr Legend on the other hand is what his name says; a legend. He's totally funny. And the music is sometimes worth the while, even if it's really not that catchy. Overall I find it weird that it's so hyped, I guess it's our generation that haven't seen the classic movies in this genre and think it's something new when it's really a poor effort of recreating a concept that used to touch.

Wow - what a production..! Good music (I said good - not great. This is no 'Grease'), and dancing. Unfortunately, Emma Stone can't sing, dance or act. But Ryan Gosling is terrific in it. He can do it all - what a talent.There was absolutely NO chemistry between the two of them. It got so whenever they kissed I looked away..it was painful to watch. I kept thinking throughout the movie - why the hell did they chose her for the lead roll..?I teared up a bit in the observatory screen when dancing in the stars. Really beautiful. For me, that one screen was worth watching the entire movie.And of course, this goes without saying in every Hollywood movie: - it was waaaayyyy too long.

I went to see this movie because I like Ryan Gosling as an actor, I discovered him after I watched 'Blue Valentine', and was very surprised that he is not just another pretty face but a really talented strong actor... But if I saw "La La Land" first I would've probably had completely different opinion about him.Movie is bad, it is not romantic at all, the chemistry between Gosling and Stone non-existent. It is boring and not moving.Ryan, please don't play in something like that again :-)

I have nothing to say about landscapes or acting. Especially Emma Stone was charming in the movie. And that's it. Scenario is so simple. Songs and dances are just ordinary. I don't understand how it is so overrated. And compare this with "Singin' in the Rain" just get on my nerves. I can't believe this is nominated for 14 Oscars. Well, this year wasn't very successful for cinema history anyway. But still, 14 nomination? Same as "Titanic" and "All About Eve"? It is just unacceptable.To sum up, if you are really bored and just want to watch a movie for passing time, you can give it a shot. I am not saying it is a bad movie. Just an average, nothing special, classic Hollywood movie. That's it.

Don't get me wrong, I appreciate Damien Chazelle as a director, his Whiplash is a "classic", but not La La Land. In film school, and Damien, if you read this you should now, and I know you will read it, you sold a lot of yourself to the producers in this one. I know you had a pure heart and wanted to make an indie film and knew it wont go far. But... Hollywood inflated it like a pretentious balloon. This is a pure Hollywood "automatic driver car" film . It was stated that the dancing and singing was intentionally natural and nor professional because it will add to the authenticity of having normal people acting. Come on, wake up guys, a dancing musical and singing should portray a great example of professionalism because that was this GENRE is all about. You can't make a romantic/drama and just add some amateur dancing and quality production music and make it a musical....The music production in this film was great and that is it...dancing was mediocre...acting was average...the sets were copied from old musicals, even cameras...they were so blurry because they filmed on the original old cameras and lenses...I don't mind that but It does not work for me like that. An old 35mm camera in a modern coffee shop is so pertinent.. Damien, I love you, but you ate the blue pill by friend. I know you are a very talented director/ musician but please, distance yourself from Hollywood because they took your film as their own...like Chicago and Crash. Don't imitate the oldies..do something that raises a middle finger to the establishment. I like the music production, songs are great in this film, and that the ending has a nostalgic feel and it can have a powerful but the rest...when you make an overall statement..it's just like any Hollywood fake flower. Show us real stories like you did with Whiplash.

Negatives: What a joke. For almost a decade or more many TV Hosts and actors has joked that Bollywood actor and actresses start dancing around trees for no reason.( which is not true) Hold and Behold that is exactly what happens in LALALand and awards are given to that movie as a beautiful gem. It is worse than Bollywood as there is no music in the beginning and feels so forced. Also the movie is supposed to be in present age yet songs are in 50s and it really confuses viewers " Why is she taking a coffee order on Digital Pad". This rant is more not for the film but the hypocrisy of Hollywood and LalaLand really amplifies that when Musicals made in Bollywood are looked down upon or longer movies but when half decent job is done it is given accolades.Positives: Good story line and showing struggles of actors and Californian life.Broadway sort of music. Love ending. I should say it again Love ending.Loved acting as well...Amazing work! Very good love story and a really great movie for closure for a couple !!!

Classic case of the more people say 'brilliant film' the fewer people want to contradict I would say this is mediocre at best, banal music, banal singing, banal dancing & banal story line:Struggling pianist & actress meet fall in love. Pianist makes good but is dumped for sacrificing his musical principals (what?) Actress gives up, goes back to mummy. Pianist reappears and persuades her to take audition.. and you guessed it. Like a cinematic prostitute, La La Land looks good from a distance Get close, you see wrinkles and defects no amount of makeup and wigs can hide.All hype 'Oh darling it was amazing' very little substance. Have you seen it? Gosh No, but I heard it was amazing.

Don't believe at my words please just see this movie.I am first time writing a review for a movie because sometimes you have to explain your feelings.This is movie about a persons who dreams.And they have a faith to achieve.Even lots of dialogues in the movie depict that they want to achieve their dream no matter what happens.Both emma and ryan were amazing .This is the most heart breaking movie i have seen in years.La la land is a inspiring movie even background score and songs as much inspiring it is perfectly composed.And this movie makes you believe that dream is conflict and compromising it means that you don't get always what you want.It is perfectly directed shot to shot by damien.And this truly establishes director works at his best.And this movie is truly a musical modern classic.Its conflict ending and twist will definitely make you cry.The level of drama ,dance and cinematography makes this movie more beautiful.There is one scene in which they recreated the whole movie is truly epic.I don't know what to say.But still i am writing this so you all can see this movie.Songs like city of stars will keep you humming.And in the end i will say that always follow your dreams no matter what never care about what should people think because they will always has to say something what so never listen to them.And in pursue of your dream never forget your beloved ones.

If you're a fan of old musicals, stay far far away from this movie. It's just incredibly painful to watch. It's not that I don't like Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, it's just that they can't dance or sing. Neither of them would ever even be considered to audition for any of our popular TV talent shows. I tried to give this movie a chance, but it just kept getting worse and worse. From the horrible opening dance scene (Some guy jumping his bicycle all over cars in a traffic jam; really?) to every time Emma or Ryan opened their mouth to sing. It was all so painful to watch and hear. I would have been better off watching some sappy Hallmark movie.

This was a huge disappointment. All the hoopla, all the awards. Frankly I don't see what the draw was. The acting wasn't stellar. The music? I would rather watch anything with Lerner and Lowe or Rogers and Hammerstein music...and I mean anything. The choreography was humdrum. I could do those dances. Try a Ginger Rogers/Fred Astaire dance number if you really want to see talent. PS. It's not just me. I don't know one person who loved this film. I'm glad I only spent $1.15 at Redbox.

I came into this with low expectations. It has managed to surprise me with how utterly boring and awkward it is.It is beautiful. The shots, the costumes the works. That is one thing he has going for him, and I now completely understand a big reason why I found Cloverfield lane so amusing to watch even though its over the top and weird. He truly has moments of brilliance in setting up a scene.But as a story and a musical its incredibly boring. The songs are completely forgettable for the most part, the singing is using soft, falsetto voices, making it often difficult to read any emotion from them and in some cases even difficult to understand at some points. The dancing of our stars seems like they are just trying to get the steps right. There's no ease of movement that musical lovers are expecting and are used to. When you take into account that the choreographies themselves are not that grand or impressive, it makes it even more obvious that our stars had no time to think about the emotion of the scene, but were focused on getting the steps right. There's no lightness to it when you compare it to classical Gene Kelly movies for example. It makes it very boring to watch, because there is no chemistry. I found myself more interested in the costumes and the back rounds than the characters.Its not funny, but its not serious enough either. And Emma Stone is amazing for funny, for me at least. This one didn't get a laugh out of me. It didn't get me invested in the characters either. I think its partly because for the longest time the movie makes us think the characters themselves don't really care, so why should we? And this kind of superficiality would work if the music numbers were more exciting and fun.There is a reason Audrey H. was dubbed in certain movies, they understood that they needed a strong, clear, big voice.This movies choices baffle me.The only reason I can honestly think of this being praised this much is people going along with ''professional critic'' and the movie attracting an audience that hasn't seen musicals before with Emma and Gosling. I could understand how someone who hasn't seen any of the amazing musicals out there, would be in love with this movie. And if this movie inspires them to look those up and see what they are missing, i'll be satisfied.

So....we went to see this film as a family today. What a disappointment !!! Where did all the hype come from for this film ? The actors are decent but are not great at singing or dancing which is a major issue for this type of production!The story is threadbare....the characters are frankly dull....what IS there to like ? So as a family.....we thought it was poor entertainment.....the people who left the cinema part way through, never to return....presumably thought it poor also... We spoke to friends afterwards who have also been to see it....thought it was rubbish also.....there is a theme here folks!!!!So we read up about the film after and read there is a backlash....as frankly the film doesn't deserve the hype.... Which frankly begs the question where all the hype has come from? So the film is released just before the Oscars....the "critics" rave....the public is TOLD you must love this film! People vote positively....or are they genuine reviews.....and don't get me started on the critics....I'm sorry but people have had the wool pulled over their eyes.....this isn't worth the time or money to see....

I feel Like John Galt standing alone in a throng of mindless sheep. I watched the entire running. This film is tripe stuffed with regurgitated everything. I get the whole Stage dressing/theater sets = "set atmosphere" thing however, it was so heavy handed that it lost its flavor and appears to be an overused budget tool. After watching it I saw it as a collage of stereotypes from all the old musicals relaying heavily on a film model that was stale and even crusty at points. That said, I was amazed at Ryan Gosling's piano shots. He was sublime on the keyboard shots and learning to play for this movie. Nothing cheap or cliché about talent. Both he and Emma Stone did a great job of transitioning from their respective scenes into those musical numbers. I found myself amazed that she could be carrying me through a scene just to have her leave me in disbelief that that it was but an intro to a campy song. This movie is nothing but a "tribute band" to a bye gone era put together today in some kid's dorm room. It is quaintly filled with Drag Queen-esque songs and endless clichés. The actors made this movie happen. They earned their money.

Throughout the picture, Damien Chazelle doesn't take a decision on what kind of picture to show. The film appears to be a random collage from a number of chapters from some cyclopedia about film making.Being rapidly dragged through diverse genres, heartlessly knitted together, it's hard to get emotionally bound with the story or with the characters in the picture.I felt like a 1st grade student watching a training movie presenting a sketch of different genre styles.The base story, a Becoming of Age story, is obtrusively filled with all kinds of styles. I was permanently asking myself: Why is he doing this now? What's his motivation? What's the story's motivation? For example: --- I guess the musical elements where supposed to convey love emotion. But why have the actors been so unemotionally, even dismissively, playing it? --- What's been the reason for taking so much time for conveying that the Mia character is an actress? That fact doesn't add to the story at all.--- There is an (utterly awesome) long lasting uncut scene. It's a performance highlight. But why on earth is it applied to a negligible chat between lovers? --- Why are all the musical artists depicted in the film so emotionless? I understand the jazz club scene as a reminiscence to the jazz club scene in The Glenn Miller Story. But how dull is the La-La-Land version compared to that? --- Speaking of dull: The score was extremely boring. Cheap jazz licks, carelessly arranged.--- In the musical scenes I was very much in doubt whether the musical text was meant to be serious or ironic. I was asking myself: Is this a Fourth Wall movie or was this a movie with a story to cling to? All in all, to me the movie appeared to be some kind of a bachelor's academic thesis. And I don't understand what makes the movie worth a nomination for even one single Academy Award.

Move over Orson Welles! Hollywood has found its new wunderkind—and his name is Damien Chazelle. Coming off his indie hit, Whiplash--a vastly overrated melodrama featuring a jazz drummer instructor who acts more like a drill sergeant—Chazelle has muted his inner bad boy and set his sights on the top prize: Oscar Gold for Best Picture!Chazelle sets his La La Land in a virtually unrecognizable present with characters, music and settings that are designed to remind us of the 1950s. Virtually every scene is interchangeable so when the La La cast steps out of their cars on the LA Expressway to sing the peppy opening number, Another Day of Sun, Eisenhower could have easily been sitting in the White House and not the present day occupant.The opening scene is where Chazelle introduces his protagonists, Mia (Emma Stone), a barista on a movie studio lot and aspiring A-list actress, and Sebastian (Ryan Gosling), a talented jazz pianist who dreams of opening his own club. Stone's Mia is pretty much your generic aspiring actress playing a character initially done in by a lack of self-confidence; the handsome Gosling is miscast as the rebellious jazz pianist—he's a beatnik thrust into the anachronistic modern day setting. Chazelle's unimaginative protagonists remind me of a more sophisticated set of characters from the recent TV series, Smash, also a musical that alludes to the past but is set in the present.Mia and Sebastian meet up a few times before their chemistry clicks in and they realize they're meant to be a couple. This happens when they go and watch Rebel Without a Cause in a movie theater and then decide to go up to the Griffith Observatory, the site where James Dean and Natalie Wood acted out a number of dramatic scenes as star-crossed lovers. Channeling his inner Mary Poppins, Chazelle has Mia and Sebastian fancifully float up to the planetarium ceiling to the strains of a rather tuneful original number by Justin Hurwitz entitled (couldn't you guess?), "Planetarium."The bulk of the La La Act 2 machinations involves Sebastian joining a modern jazz-fusion band headed by a former high school classmate, Keith, played by John Legend. Because Sebastian is an outright snob, a jazz purist who only likes stuff from the good old days, he ends up in the awkward position of disparaging the kind of music Keith is composing and playing. So Legend's number, Start a Fire, a rather nice jazz-pop tune, is supposed to be viewed by Sebastian as something that actually isn't good at all (but actually is!).Mia's story is a bit more straightforward. After being rejected by casting agents who she comes to completely disparage, Sebastian encourages her to take a stab at presenting her one-woman show. In a rather contrived scene, Sebastian simply "forgets" about a photo shoot for his band and misses Mia's show. When her show is a bust with few attending, Mia simply moves back home to Boulder City, Nevada.Chazelle is on more solid ground wrapping things up in Act 3. Mia gets another chance when unbeknownst to her, a big casting agent came to see her one-woman show and raved about it. But it's Sebastian who gets the phone call from the agent's secretary looking for Mia and dutifully drags Mia to the tryout. Five years later, Mia is a big star, married with child. Instead of reuniting the once aspiring artists, Chazelle imagines Mia randomly instructing her husband to get off the freeway because of the traffic, and they end up at a jazz club called "Seb's," owned of course by Sebastian. As Mia watches Sebastian play, she fantasizes what things could have been had they ended up together. But Chazelle brings us right back to reality to remind us that Mia and Sebastian were never meant to be. That's a nice touch since he could have ended it with a much more saccharine climax. The choreography here tries much too hard to emulate the glory days of the American film musical. Perhaps An American in Paris is the film La La Land attempts to copy the most. It's all very derivative and reminds us of early incarnations without creating something distinctively new. The music on the other hand is quite nice. In addition to the aforementioned instrumental, the lovely "Planetarium," Emma Stone's "Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" might end up as a bonafide hit especially if nominated for the Academy Award.What La La Land basically lacks are sophisticated lead characters. No there is no My Fair Lady here by a long stretch. Chazelle's narrative is entertaining enough, featuring charming performances by Stone and Gosling, but perhaps lacks the really original plot twists and turns that one might find in the classic film musicals from yesteryear such as Singin' In the Rain or the Wizard of Oz. Chazelle's nostalgia trip lacks the benchmarks of artistic greatness but some catchy tunes--and Hollywood's general desire for film musicals--might propel this decent but derivative project into the Hollywood canon of the Academy Best Picture.

While there was some fanciful (silly?) plotting, I enjoyed La La Land while I was watching it - probably to the level of a 9 or 10 rating. It was fun and funny and romantic and beautiful and magical. Emma and Ryan are talented and very appealing, whether separately or together. The fact that they are not especially gifted as singers and dancers didn't bother me at all; in fact, I found that to be charming. The musical numbers were engaging and satisfactory, if not particularly memorable. It would be unfair to compare this movie to classic movie musicals, because it's really a whole different animal.However, in reflecting on the movie afterwards, I felt a bit cheated, so I dropped my score a couple of notches, and decided I had to write a rare (for me) review. My experience was like fully relishing a whole tub of buttered popcorn and then coming to my senses afterward. My first clue that something was off was how I felt at the end of the movie - not thrilled, not heartbroken - just disappointed (and a bit confused). In reflecting on this feeling, I realized that it wasn't that the characters didn't have sufficient chemistry for me to feel something; rather, the script/plotting let them down.The basic story is about two cute kids exploring their dreams in LA who meet and fall in love. The audience's dream is that these two can make it as a couple (despite inevitable setbacks along the way). If a storyteller is going to dash that dream, he or she needs a darn good explanation. There isn't one here. The two kids (rather magically, and in relatively short order, from a real-world perspective) achieve their career goals, presumably at the cost of their romance. Are we really to believe that they had to choose one or the other - and that, if so, these two dreamers would choose career achievement over love? The two breakup scenes were both totally lacking in terms of convincing the audience that this pair might be ultimately incompatible or should not keep working on their relationship and enjoying one another.So, I was robbed of a satisfying resolution. I was leaning toward a 7 rating, but I think I've talked myself into a 6.

I had been anticipating this movie since i am such a big fan of Whiplash, hearing that it would be a musical only made me more curious to see what Damien Chazelle had in store for us, so i was really excited when i was able to score tickets to a screening at Tiff.I came away very impressed, I'm not sure if i would call this a masterpiece (yet) but its certainly close, Damien Chazelle has brilliantly crafted a beautiful film, a great achievement and truly deserves to be seen by even the harshest skeptic, Chazelle is starting to show that he is one of best directors and has quickly become one of my favourite film makers in Hollywood. The Cinematography is fantastic, this film is beautiful, the scenes pop out of the screen and feel magical at certain parts and while i was watching i couldn't help but think that this is the type of ambitious film-making that we have been missing lately, i wish studios would take more chances with original material and realize that it doesn't just have to always be reboots/re-imaginings.Ryan Gosling plays (Sebastian) a jazz musician and does a good job doing so but make no mistake, this is Emma Stone's film and she truly excels in her role as (Mia) an aspiring actress. Stone's portrayal is absolutely wonderful and will most certainly be recognized by the Academy. The rest of the cast are also excellent and even though J.K. Simmons part is relatively short, he still manages to steal the scenes that he is in.The Musical numbers are great from the exciting opening highway number to the closing somber look at what life could have been for "Sebastian and Mia", but its Emma Stone's rendition of "Audition" that truly stands out.Rarely does a film remind me of the reasons of why i fell in love with Film-making, but La La Land did just that and definitely brought me back to the early days where i was truly discovering just how Spectacular film-making can be.9.5 out of 10.

I wanted to like it, but sadly it just didn't live up to the hype for me! As hard as they tried Ryan Reynolds and Emma Stone just came across as amateurish in the musical numbers, and I couldn't help but think how much better it could have been with a Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds in the leads, but of course there's no one of that musical caliber around these days! No memorable songs either, even the much talked about opening number on the freeway was a letdown, bunch of people jumping on and over cars, a few unimpressive dance moves and some incoherent song, I doubt Busby Berkley would have given it the thumbs up? Why everyone's raving about this film is a mystery to me, I can only assume there's a lot of people out there who have never seen a musical from the 30's, 40's, or 50's? Maybe it would have worked better if they'd set it in the 50's and left out the modern non melodic pop songs? Also thought the ending was quite bizarre! A good try I suppose, but it just fell flat for me, sorry!

I think Lala Land is overrated. May be it got all the awards, and most surprisingly the Oscar, because it was a musical. If they grew up watching Bollywood, they would have known that nothing about the movie was remarkable.As regards the story, I don't understand why the couple split. They couldn't make it work long distance for 3 months?!

I really do hate musicals. As soon as people start singing and dancing in a series or movie, I turn it off. Never watched through any musical movie or even an episode in a series. It just feels so wrong and out of place. I hate musicals down to a molecular level! A musical must have killed me in a previous life or something, I cannot explain it.But this... This is something else. Its a masterpiece. After a year of putting of seeing the movie, I could no longer deny the IMDB score 8.0 from 428000 people and the fact that this was also the writer and director of Whiplash (which I loved!), so I gave it a chance one evening.I was awestruck.My greatest regret is that I did not get to see it in the cinema with a large screen and with a great audio. But at the same time it might have been best, noone wants to see an adult man cry uncontrollably like a baby. Looking forward to Damien Chazelles next masterpiece.

I think I have never seen a film full of hypocrisy, obvious, boring and without any interest, like this La La Land. What a scary thud for the great Gosling, from Drive and Only God Forgives, to this pantomime that wants to make the verse to the "50s musical movies", which, in fact, was stuff of 70 (seventy) YEARS AGO and there they had to stop! !! A hypocritical film, for the mass.

La La Land starts off with an odd piece- imagine the busiest highway in your city suddenly turning into a sing-along, with everyone dancing outside of their cars. Shortly after that, it bursts into a classic, magical film laced with love, the freight of dreams, and the will to not give up on them.I was a little bit skeptical at first not having been a huge fan of musicals in the past-- but I was very wrong. It's more of a movie then a musical. The musical, as I think about it, is just the cherry on top of an already brilliant script. La La Land is filled with those simultaneous conflicts between dreams and reality-- hence the singing, and the musical aspect of the film. This makes it for the dreamers and the realists alike.Do you want to make your dreams come true, but you're dealing with some internal conflicts? Then this movie is for you. If you don't care about dreams, this movie is still for you.

I ventured to my local cinema to see this movie on the basis of a number of excellent reviews by critics and patrons on here. I will admit that a musical is not my normal preference for a movie, but as I love both Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling and with these reviews in mind, how could I not go and see it? The opening sequence was quite impressive, and I also knew from the start that the cinematography was going to be to my liking old style Cinemascope, with great coloring. Unfortunately that's about where it stopped. The ongoing story line was very weak, and the music was even weaker - its not that Gosling and Stone performed awfully, but Moana has better song list than this. The movie limped along through its two hours, becoming more and more predictable as it progressed.....very disappointing.I have to really question how this movie could have been nominated for 11 Golden Globes (and actually won 7), when there are movies such as Hell or High Water and Arrival and Nocturnal Animals out there - all of which were considerably ahead of this. My only assumption is that, like The Artist a few years ago, this is a result of a wrist kissing exercise by Tinsel Town - aiming once again to congratulate themselves on how wonderful they think they are. Seriously peeps, whilst its not absolutely awful, its also nothing special, and certainly not as special as this critics are making it out to be. to be.

With its gangbusters intro, appropriately taking place in an LA traffic jam, La La Land looks like it is about to serve notice on the American film musical with an exuberant energy informing the audience it is in for a fun ride. The energy level however begins to waver when the dependence switches from music and dancing to melodrama and the film, divided into seasons (like LA has them) begins to stumble just before Autumn. Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) first meet in less than amicable fashion on the everyday bumper to bumper existence of the LA freeway. Actress Mia works as a barista on a film lot and spends time off going to casting calls that end in disappointment. Sebastian is a quirky, purist, jazz pianist and his own worst enemy when it comes to being employed. The two cross paths again, hook-up and continue their artistic struggle for recognition. When success knocks on both doors it threatens the future of the relationship. La La Land offers up a handful of well done musical numbers, imaginative dance scenes as well as a some early comic friction between the leads but the story line remains banal. Director Damien Chazelle attempts to circumvent this by adding some "what if" moments to the story to give it more life but it only packs on more minutes to this already overlong musical.As bargain basement Fred and Ginger the duo offer less than fancy footwork along with pedestrian singing voices but that is part of their charm. Stone at least looks like she is enjoying herself while digging deep enough dramatically to hold some of the films more torpid dramatic scenes together. Gosling is simply a lightweight whose abrasive character offers little to like to begin with and his singing and dancing along with a series of faraway stares grows tiresome by the second half and what started out with the promising chops of another Cabaret eventually degenerates into the mawkish graceless excess of New York, New York.

there have been many posts that rightly knock this film, but i have to add mine, it seems the world has gone mad, politically, socially and culturally , if people think this is the best film of the year and some re saying the best film they have seen, then we must be in la la land. it is terrible from start to finish, bad songs, bad singing, bad dancing, bad, wait, no plot, no chemistry, no emotion. a flat, zombiefied, utterly dull film that is witless, pointless and a waste of time. along with fences and a few other "award" films this joins the group of films that are not just overrrated but in reality go way beyond bad. it seems that the public reading all the over the top revues have gone in determined to like it, but there are a good many of us that can see through it, to these people if you have not rated it please do so now and give it a 1 rating to counter the ridiculous number of 10s

Having just gotten back from seeing 'La La Land', with a rare day off music college, it came to me that it was one of the best new release/first viewings for me in a while.Very few films in recent memory has left me leave the cinema with my heart properly warmed, a beaming smile on my face, tears in my eyes, feeling uplifted and properly moved. 'La La Land' however has managed that feat. Would also go further to say that it is one of the best modern film musicals after Disney's Renaissance period in the 90s, and very much a modern classic. Am not surprised at all its award wins and nominations (including being a record breaker at the Golden Globes), and if it does well at the Oscars as well there will be no complaints from me.'La La Land' clicked with me most likely because of my love for golden age Hollywood, musicals (a somewhat maligned genre these days, but while there are a fair share of not particularly good ones there are a bigger number of great ones and even masterpieces), and how it fondly reminded me of what makes me love them so much. Also because of being able to relate to its themes and conflicts, due to being there myself. The talent was also appetising, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, directed by 'Whiplash's' Damien Chazelle and featuring cameo support from JK Simmons (who coincidentally won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for 'Whiplash), John Legend and Rosemarie DeWitt.It was just sheer joy to see a film with so much potential deliver on that potential and even more so, having seen a lot of stuff recently film and TV that wasted their potential it was refreshing to see a film actually delivering on it.Visually, 'La La Land' is a gorgeous-looking film, with lots of vibrant colour that leap out at you from the screen while not having too much of a dizzying effect and cinematography that's not just a dream to behold but inventively done without falling into self-indulgent territory. The music and songs may induce, and has induced, mixed reactions, count me in as somebody who found the songs infectious, emotion-filled and with enough to make one top-tap and hum along.The musical numbers are winningly choreographed too with non-stop exuberance. The opening number is especially true to this. The script is warm, funny, affectionate and poignant, and also with an honesty. It's not a complex script, nor did it need to be, and neither does it make the mistake of being too simple. The story is admittedly slight in places, then again so were the stories of even the best golden age musicals and they still managed to be classics because of how everything else was executed and because of the atmosphere.Something that is true with 'La La Land', a film where anybody can relate to its themes. Even more special though is that not only does it pay tribute to musicals and films of the golden age (especially those with MGM), with their bold colour, exuberant marriage of music and dance, it also has a winsomeness and melancholic nature seen in films like 'The Umbrellas of Cherbourg' yet does it in a way that will appeal hugely to modern audiences. Loved that the two leads' relationship and chemistry was much more complex than the love-at-first-sight sort (far from it, more antagonists turned lovers) with a meet cute first encounter (again also not a case).Chazelle's direction shows someone with a sheer love for film and film-making, more than evident in execution that is affectionate and full-of-life rather than self-indulgent. The chemistry between the two leads and their performances would need to be good to make the film work. No worries there. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone look so natural and at ease together, nothing looks false and it is easy to root for them and their conflicts.Both of them give terrific performances, performances so good that less than great singing was immediately forgotten about. Especially Stone who has never been better in a performance of great expressivity and nuance, so many emotions such as vulnerability, strength, cheekiness, charm and buoyancy with never a hint of a heavy-handed touch. Gosling matches her, if not quite as good, showing a very charismatic presence and an effortless twinkling charm. All the support, although basically cameos, registers memorably.All in all, a dream come true and totally banishes any blues and daily troubles away. 10/10 Bethany Cox

I've always enjoyed musicals, though they've been sadly few and far between in recent years. So, when this came along with great publicity, it seemed a good option to fill a hot Australian summer's day.There's not much point going into details, this show doesn't merit the effort. Apart from a little reasonable jazz, the musical score is unexciting and the main "theme" is both inane and forgettable. So much for it being a musical, it doesn't come close to even the "reasonable" musicals of the past (think "Les Miserables" or "Xanadu") let alone the many Gene Kelly/Fred Astaire/Ginger Rogers/Cyd Charisse classics.The acting is not bad, but neither of the main characters could be considered either an interesting or pleasant person. He is ignorant and ill mannered, while she is a nobody with pretensions. And neither of them ranks as a singer.Which leaves only the story, and the plot is trivial. Boy meets girl etc.I scored this as a 6, on the basis that I'd probably sit through this again on TV if there was nothing else showing. But don't waste your money going to a theatre to see it.

After getting over the fact neither of the two actors in this movie deserve leading roles, I steeled myself to watch this movie and thought I'd give it the benefit of the doubt.The movie starts with a song and dance on the freeway and everyone getting out of their vehicles and dancing and singing together. Sadly this was supposed to be one of the highlights of the movie. As I said I tried to give it the benefit of the doubt but the first song was forgettable, boring and the voices weak. The dancing looked extremely forced and clumsy.As the movie progressed I couldn't believe how bad it actually was. I don't know anything about Ryan Gosling other than he is no leading man in my view. Contrary to what others would have you believe, he is not handsome. Eyes too close together, a very long face and a perpetual gormless look. Emma Stone isn't much better.It was actually very difficult to watch the entire movie. It's slow and amateurish and looks like it was directed by a 15 year old. The sets look cheap and the whole thing made on a budget of $500.It also seemed like it was made in the late 1970s. A TV musical. Wholly forgettable. HIGHLY overrated. Madly so, it's criminal.Avoid, unless you're being paid well by someone to say it's great.

In real life, most people don't randomly break out in song and dance, but the escapism of the big screen has been bringing Movie Fans musical feature films since the very first days of the sound motion picture. Only the second film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture was a musical (1929's "The Broadway Melody"). Oversaturation in the marketplace and changing audience tastes led to the production of fewer musicals, but they never went away. Some of the best-loved musicals in film history (e.g. "Meet Me in St. Louis" and "Singin' in the Rain") came out in the 10-year span 1944-1953. But the ensuing decades each produced very popular musicals: "West Side Story", "The Sound of Music" and "Oliver!" (all Best Picture Oscar winners from the 1960s), "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory", "Grease" and "All That Jazz" (1970s), "Victor/Victoria", "Little Shop of Horrors" and "The Little Mermaid" (1980s), "Beauty and the Beast", "The Lion King" and "Evita" (1990s) and, in the early 2000s, "Moulin Rouge!", "Frozen", "Dreamgirls" and "Chicago", which became the first musical in 34 years to win Best Picture.2016's "La La Land" (PG-13, 2:08) is the purest original (non-adapted) live action musical in many years, and has both the pedigree and the quality to duplicate the accomplishment of 2002's "Chicago". "La La Land" was written and directed by Damien Chazelle, who was the writer-director of 2014's "Whiplash", which earned him Oscar nods for his script and his film. This one is filled with original songs which are composed and orchestrated by Chazelle's previous collaborator, Justin Hurwitz, with lyrics by the award-winning musical theater team known as Pasek and Paul. Musician John Legend has a major role in the film and its stars, Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, are both past Oscar nominees who earlier appeared together in two other movies – 2011's "Crazy, Stupid, Love" and 2013's "Gangster Squad". And, yes, they both sing and dance while telling this particular musical's story of romance, dreams and hope. It takes place in the present but feels like a throwback - like the most entertaining musicals of yesteryear.The film's title has a dual meaning: (1) referring to people who live their lives in a seemingly unrealistic dream world and (2) the city of Los Angeles itself, where most of the action takes place. In fact, the film opens with a song-and-dance number with commuters stuck on a typically grid-locked L.A. highway. At the very end of that scene, aspiring actress Mia Dolan (Stone) has a random, brief and unpleasant encounter with struggling jazz keyboardist, Sebastian Wilder (Gosling), who acts like a real pianist. The two run into each other again in Sebastian's jazz club, immediately after he's fired by the club owner (J.K. Simmons) for insisting on playing his own music. Sebastian is no more polite this time. The two finally "meet cute" and before long, Mia has left her roommates behind and moved in with Sebastian.Neither life nor love go smoothly for this pair of stubborn dreamers, but they sure do try hard at both. Mia continues working as a barista on the Warner Bros. studio lot and going to frustrating audition after frustrating audition. Eventually, she decides that her best way forward is to write, finance and produce a one-woman show which, fittingly, focuses on her experiences of leaving her hometown in Nevada and moving to La La Land to pursue her dreams. After dropping the humorously humiliating job where Mia sees him at their third encounter, Sebastian continues to hold fast to his dream of opening his own jazz club, but doesn't really do much about it. He reluctantly takes a job on keys in a music group run by an old acquaintance (Legend), but doesn't enjoy it because they don't play his style of pure jazz. Sebastian's unhappiness turns to resentment and ends up being directed toward Mia, just as her show is about to open. The eventual resolution of their love story and their individual pursuit of their dreams feels right for a movie which celebrates dreamers, but shows what happens when life doesn't go as we've planned."La La Land" is a wonderful movie, but not, as some reviewers would lead you to believe, flawless. After three contentious encounters, the two main characters just suddenly fall in love, a development that isn't very well earned by the script or the acting. Otherwise, the performances are excellent (especially Stone's) and the script is funny, poignant and grounded except for that whole thing about characters suddenly breaking into song. But when they do, those songs are both fun and touching. The dancing, however, seems to lack some of the energy and joy that you find in the older Hollywood musicals that inspired this film. Having said all that, I have to put these relatively minor criticisms into perspective: This is a very entertaining and affecting movie. You'll likely be emotionally invested in these characters, smile a lot – and leave the theater wanting the soundtrack. For someone who wants more variety and positivity in today's films, this one is a gift. "A-"

I dragged my gf to watch this film, and both of us left feeling a bit 'so what...' I can't critisise a film because they do great great marketing, but the Oscar nominations obviously mean something and I cannot see why the committee thinks so highly of it. I was thinking about films to compare it with and the nearest was Pretty Woman which is head and shoulders better. So why? The two leads showed very little chemistry between them, both of them seemingly only half-interested in life; drifting from scene to scene. The filming has a very studio-lot feel about it, slightly artificial and cartoonish. (I'm sure that's what they wanted, it just seemed weak.) And the music has virtually no memorable numbers. I so wanted to like this film, but...

What I liked: Ryan Gosling - what's not to love about such a talented, endearing, genuinely gifted actor who is also so gloriously easy on the eye? Emma Stone's portrayal of a would-be starlet Mia is both believable and engaging. The cinematography, though far from innovative definitely compliments the plot providing an essential dynamism and facilitates a colourful landscape upon which the story sits comfortably. The films score is irrefutably blatant in its repetitiveness yet none-the-less befits the plot and, at times is both heart rending and catchy. The plot, while hardly novel in concept (rather, a mulch of countless 'let's make it big in Hollywood' films of the past) still manages to command interest....I didn't fall asleep. Indeed, I felt myself rooting for the film and experienced an overwhelming keenness for it to realise success.....? What let it down: Both Ryan and Emma are certainly accomplished young actors who are completely lovable and engaging. So much so, dear reader, that I am almost ashamed to lament that neither can really sing.... So let's be real now, how can one hope to deliver a seminal musical piece if the lead characters 'pipes' don't cut the mustard? Add to that a distinct lack of chemistry between 'him and her' (re-examine their on screen kisses...the passion just ain't there?), an overly repetitive score, a far too obvious plot line, weird (are they on acid?) scenes that simply don't fit and far, far too many 'lulls' in the plot line (where many people in the movie theatre started chatting or going to the toilet etc) and you're left with a film that sadly, can only be described as average. In my opinion, Hollywood is so desperate to resurrect a time honoured 'musical' tradition that it has blindly bought in to La La Land desperately touting it an exemplar of musical excellence for the millennium when in truth, the film offers little more than a pedestrian jaunt along a lane oft tread (albeit doing so with significantly less pizzaz than its predecessors). If I'm honest however, I must attend to the question of why I harbour so much guilt at leaving such a disconsolate review... Perhaps I am missing a trick? It is possible that this is a film that warrants a second watch or a particular kind of viewer to really get it. I advise you to watch it and judge for yourself!

I appreciate the effort to put on a big musical, but other than the main theme... the music wasn't that memorable and the dancing mediocre. I like both stars but think it was a reach for both of them to sing and dance. Again ... appreciate the effort.The songs didn't really tell or move the story along (aka Grease)and I found myself dozing during them.I would have given the movie a 2 but the last 5 minutes at least delivered a satisfying ending.....and big plus.Watch this one at home where you can fast-forward through the dance numbers after you have had enough of them.

La La Land has dominated the 2016-2017 Oscar nominations and is another example of Hollywood hype.It is a nice film, but also an overly hyped product for the benefit of the Chinese money in back of the production. Hollywood is drooling over the Chinese these days at the thought of them financing more and more of our movies, and this one in particular is like a musical promotion of the the US film industry.As for the film, while it had good acting, directing and cinema-photography, it had no memorable musical numbers and had a lousy ending combing elements films "The Way We Were" and "The Last Temptation of Christ." It had me leaving the cinema less than satisfied. In that respect it violated the old rule, a light musical romance must have a happy ending. It began on a high and moronically and inexplicably ended on a low.

When my friend and I went to see this movie we were both excited as we both love musicals. However, even though we thought the movie was cute, we noticed right away that it was not even close to wonderful. The singing voices were so-so and the acting and dancing were okay but not Academy Award material. We both did think the ending was a unique idea giving us both a look at something new but not enough to gain the whole move as award winning material. We did think the opening number was quite spectacular and are still trying to agree on how they accomplished it. Not sure why people are going crazy over this movie as we both found it as only a cute fluff movie.

A pleasant enough watch but no where near as good a film as the PR hype would have. The songs are okay - but I did not leave the cinema humming with any one of them stuck in my head and the dance routines are again - okay. If the leads could really sing and dance more could have been made of this okay material. But the fact is while the voices are on pitch and in rhythm and the steps are all in the right place and time, neither of the performances infused any excitement.Contrast their dancing with the opening ensemble dance and song - danced by dancers. I did not feel there was much chemistry between the characters. In summary this was not the Hollywood musical reborn, rather an adequate homage to the genre.

Damien Chazelle whose father is French has made a Gallic tinged song and dance musical set in Los Angeles. In some ways it is a modern variant of Singin in the Rain but without the overt optimism which modern life does not have. The film has wowed the critics at the awards season but I think like the film 'The Artist' it might not stand up to scrutiny a few years later.This is a bittersweet love story between Sebastian (Ryan Gosling), a jazz pianist passionate about the golden age of jazz and wanting to open his own club to play the type of jazz he wants before it really does go to obscurity. He keeps on bumping into Mia (Emma Stone) an aspiring actress who works in a coffee shop on the Warner Bros studio lot and goes to endless auditions looking for that big break but only to find disinterested casting agents.Both of them are looking for that big break but find each other slowly at first, but love may not be enough when these people also crave success. Sebastian finds it first, recording and touring with a successful group which puts their relationship under a strain.Director Damien Chazelle dazzles with a big opening musical number in a traffic jam on the highway but the energy of that number cannot be sustained. Like many modern musicals these days the songs are anaemic and unmemorable not helped with some of the jazz numbers. The film is right, much of the audience will be put off by the jazz music.The dance numbers between the pair is meant to be easy going than emulate Fred n Ginger and in some ways it works. Chazelle as in in his previous film Whiplash has found a rhythm to his film. It has a sentiment that individual pursuit for your dreams may be the price worth paying for true love. The story although at times tender as well as abrasive is not strong enough and the film really did feel stretched.

I've seen a lot of films. Over 1,000 from all generations and all genres. I saw every great film to come out this year. Yet, nothing has hooked me from beginning to end quite like La La Land. Damien Chazelle's last film - Whiplash - came quite close. But this is a masterpiece if I've ever seen one! It's magnificent! It's stylish, and cool, and mind-numbingly beautiful! This is the film that you must see this year! It will make you laugh, cry, make your brain tingly. And it just doesn't end. You'll have that movie high for at least a day after. It's everything you want; trust me. The score will stick with you for days. And you will find yourself listening to every song multiple times over. I can't recommend this film enough. Go see it!

Musicals of the past left you humming the tunes as you left the theater, this is the first time I have seen a musical without a single memorable song. I'm not sure what this film is trying to be, the story is as dull as can be and the acting doesn't even really mater because it's all broken up by terrible dance numbers. I really wanted to like this and in fact did not read any reviews so I wouldn't be swayed, but it was apparent from the first number that this movie was just an extension of the terrible music that is considered popular today. It's as if they just randomly picked notes and placed words together and expected it to be good. It's the same reason why the top of the music charts are filled with sound-alike music with no feeling.The acting was wooden and the script dull.I had to rate this with 1 star just to counterbalance all the outrageous reviews calling this a masterpiece.

This is a film so painfully aware of itself, it knows the exact number of wrinkles in its own anus. At the same time, it is inexplicably oblivious of its anus primary function: controlling the egress of fecal matter. Lots of pretty technical wonders are pooped onto the screen, but they don't really serve any purpose except to drown out sounds of the film's bowel movements.

Fortunately I have got this DVD as a gift from a family member and I didn't spent one cent for this boring musical. I waited with my wife thirty minutes and still didn't happen something really interesting. There is no substantial story or any suspense. I am asking how if is possible that this one got six Oscars. Thrown away instead of giving these to better films that have been done last year. I cannot believe it but it confirms that I am right to not watch the Oscar shows. It is not the first time that a boring movie got so many Oscars and I am not wondering. I highly recommend it if you cannot sleep because I assure you that after some minutes you are falling asleep. 3/10

I did, like many others, fall for the hype. Do not believe this is in any way a good movie. This film was predictable at every turn, the characters had little to no chemistry and on top of that the plot stood almost still.On the plus side, the settings and costumes where a delight. If you like jazz, the music is solid. The casting were good.All in all, it was boring.

This is my first review of any film on IMDb. I saw this film as it has won multiple Oscars and the story showed some premise. I had not seen the trailer. After watching the movie, I was like why I wasted my time on this. I should have gone to watch Meri pyari bindu, heck, even OK Jaanu was way more fun and better love story than this. Bollywood really knows how to make love stories, specially the intense ones. Westerns often bash Bollywood movies for their music and dance numbers (which according to them erupt spontaneously). Then, what was in this movie! Some melodious songs, some over the top dance steps! There is recent trend in Bollywood movies to incorporate the songs with the story-line so that it is not a hindrance in the progress of the story (watch "dangal" for example). My final words are if this movie can win Oscar than heck 25% of Bollywood movies also can. If any of you really liked this movie due to the "music-dance-love story saga", you are gladly invited to the world of Bollywood.

Never have I been more upset at wasting 2 hours of life! I have seen my fair share of garbage but LA LA Land now tops the list. Here's an idea for producers considering a musical - Hire singers and dancers and then teach them to act enough to hold someones attention. Do NOT do what the producers of this heap of steamy crap did and bring in two actors and then try to get them to sing and dance. Gossling is massively miscast! He MUST have some sort of talent to still be making movies but it certainly is not singing and dancing. I imagine everyone involved in any musical prior to this one is either rolling in their graves or, if still living, are making plans to do so. Stay as far away from this puss bowl of boringness as you can. Now we all know why the Academy took back the Best Picture Oscar.

When I first saw the trailer for La La Land my expectations were set high. The excellent cast, the music and an exciting new director/writer were enough to get me in the door. La La Land is a triumph on so many levels. It hooks you from the beginning with its big opening number on the highway and has your heart fluttering in the club at the end. The film gets you with its charm. It flows from the dialogue like poetry. The chemistry between Stone and Gosling makes the film livelier. Stone has slowly shown herself as a force to be reckon with in Hollywood and now Gosling has join the ranks after his stellar performance as the jazz pianist who's main dream is watch jazz live on. Stone is a wanna be actress who can't find her way. Together, they thrive off each other's love and support as they try to accomplish their goals together. Each have a chance at their first Oscar gold.What else helps is a beautiful score and extremely well written songs. I found myself humming "City of Stars" all night long, already saving the soundtrack on every music platform I could. The music and dance numbers are a perfect blend of Gene Kelly musicals and more contemporary stuff like Chicago. The production design helps with this with bright, vivid colors abound from the walls of a passing building to Emma Stone's dress. A charming film only works when all cylinders click. This one was clockwork.Like Whiplash, the editing is superb, timing well with the score, making it very appealing to the eye. But the cinematography was mind blowing. Able to capture those big production numbers with long swift cuts made it very astonishing. Not a moment seemed overlooked or underdeveloped. Each scene was extremely well thought out to cause the biggest "awe" effect, or to provide strong symbolism. But the ending is what can really make or break a movie. This one makes it 10x better. It goes away from the predictable musical ending while wrapping up the movie in fellow swoop, opening the audiences' eyes to the entire meaning of the story, beyond the theme of follow your dreams. The idea that dreams are possible when you are willing to strive for them, but life isn't your own la la land. Everything does not end perfectly.When combining all these elements together, you get one of, if not the best film of the year. In a year where things became bitter, this really ends the year on a high note. Cheers to the dreamers, the men and women behind the making of this musical classic.

I don't understand all the hype about this movie. Spoiler alert. The music was good, but that is all the movie had going for it. Just a mishmash of scenes, terrible ending, neither star could sing, acting was OK, but certainly nothing to get an Oscar for. Emma Stone deserved an Oscar for " The Help", but not for this mess. I love movies, but this was painful to watch. 13 Oscar nominations? Insane.

I usually don't use the word "the worst" to describe a movie, but sometimes you have no other choices. The opening reminded me of those stupid teen songs of today's that give me goose bumps outta disgust whenever I accidentally see them on TV, the story is boring and worn out, the music is forgettable and it gave me a headache that I won't be able to study tomorrow, the dancing is an uglified Singin' in the Rain and the performances are mediocre except for Emma's who also didn't deserve to win just a nomination, for Isabelle Huppert was so perfect in Elle the award was hers and hers only. The only thing worth watching in this movie was the cinematography.It could've been an OK average movie if it wasn't for all these hype but after the built up expectations it's one harsh slap in the face when you finally sit through it waiting for something extraordinary.

I am quite unsure what this 'romantic' notion of L.A. is, but every few years a film pops up trying to glamorize Hollywood and they are ludicrous. I had to suffer through Steve Martin having a mid life crises, and hugging lamp posts, to this trivial bit of fluff, once again trying to make L.A. something its just.......not. Come on people, this is just a rehash of that horror of a film called L.A. Story. What about something FRESH!! The only people enthralled with movie lots and old world jazz is all of you, or wanna be you's. As for the rest of us, we want real stories please. Something with guts, or good humor, or at least depth of emotion.Get on it.

Although this movie is probably about pursuing one's dreams and sacrifices (necessary?) in the process, it ended up as a lousy musical (with good music). It's also dedicated to some (golden?) era in Hollywood when musical was the best there is in the industry. So, instead of a clear emotional story of two "star crossed lovers", we've got collision of dreams of two egoists who think their individual success is more important than than anything else. It isn't. It's just that could not reconcile one type of emotion (craving for fame) with another (love). Direction is not bad (however not as good as in Whiplash) and everything has been "watered down" with two miscast main actors who cannot sing (and acting itself is also doubtful). Ending of the story was predictable and probably many Hollywood staff would recognize itself here. As for the musical, unfortunately I liked only "Sweeny Todd" (meaning that it could not function in any other form). Summary: Worth a look, but soon to be forgotten (despite the hype). Four stars for cinematography.

I didn't see so stupid movie for a long time. It had terrible acting, terrible music, and an incredibly mind-numbing plot.The singing and dancing is absolutely awful. The storytelling is so poor and predictable. Big waste of 2 hour of my life. DO NOT waste your time even planning to watch this one!

When there's genius in the acting, the acting is above the script. Here, the acting was at the script, certainly not above it. The singing and dancing looked practiced, perhaps artful, but not talented and certainly not genius. If you want to watch talent and genius, watch some Cab Calloway, Fred and Ginger, etc. There were some good themes that grabbed me, but the themes that grabbed me could have been in any movie genre. Simply not an implementation of the genre that satisfied the goal. This is the Ben Hur remake of the classic music genre and does not deserve record-breaking award nominations.

I tried to watch it but honestly I could not. I felt pain. I loved Marry Poppins. I loved The Sound of Music. Yet I struggled to watch this one and I failed. I simply could not finish it. I do not understand why it is acclaimed and why it got the golden globe. Of course I have to write 10 lines of text, and I will try just to be able to express my disappointment with this movie. I do believe that there is something really wrong with these movies, it brings back a memory from an Oscar two years ago (I think) when another weird movie got the best movie. It was The Bird man. No one liked, no one spoke about it, no one even remembers it. It appears to me that the academy jury like to vote for movies about themselves movies about actors and acting. That a closed circle, without connection to the rest of the world.

Another lost love story. People that know me, will confirm that I maybe don't know to cry, but this movie really touched me, if I knew how to cry, this was my moment!! She didn't say hi!?!?! WTF?!?!?Is definitely a sad movie, and probably his purpose is to remind us, the humans, how stupidly we choose money and a job over love, the feeling that many pretend is the focus of their life. It is sad to forget what is really important and lose someone over a job choice. I find it painful to have the "what if" in your shoulders, but again we all have a different understanding of what happiness means. The first part of the movie is quite slow, so be ready to give it a chance, it is worth it! Is not much auction there, but again you know you're going to a romance.I loved the fact that the story started and ended in winter, like the two main characters probably where feeling. He, hitting the rock bottom, trying to find a way to make some money without giving up on his dream, and she is training to keep her smile up while at every single audition is rejected and ignored. The beginning remind me of Bewitched, they keep running into each other like they were supposed to be together. The moment the movie starts you will think they hate each other so much they have to be together! Is like they are made for each other which by the half of the movie the story line proves you were right they do belong togetherLa La Land is a triumph on so many levels, and hopefully a lesson for many single people to think twice before they decide their life. This guy give up his career, because she asked to, and she.... She didn't say hi!?!?! WTF?!?!?

La La Land . . . what can I say about La La Land.First off, let me say that I love musicals (I can't wait to see Sing). I love music documentaries even if I don't like the artistes (yes Oasis, I'm looking at YOU) or even if I haven't heard of the band (Anvil: The Story of Anvil) and I adore films that feature great tracks such as Sing Street or films that feature tracks by the Rolling Stones or The Boss. But La La Land plummets to new depths of banality and superficiality. In fact the title sums it up ideally. The only time it perked up is towards the end.Gosling and Stone do well in their roles but they can do better. The singing and dancing is nothing special and should not be compared to the magical musicals starring the likes of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rodgers etcI do not understand all the Oscar buzz, in fact if this wins the Best Film Oscar I will scream my little head off.Whiplash was wonderful but Damien Chazelle has not made a comparably decent follow up. In fact, the woefully underused J.K. Simmons should have thrown a cymbal at his head whilst screaming "this is dragging". 5/10

I saw this at the cinema on its release. As we walked out, myself and others were heard to mutter "certainly NOT a musical, so what was it all about".To classify it as a musical is a misnomer. One or two production numbers and the same musical number played over again, doth not a musical make. The scene where Gosling and Stone attempt to dance on a hill overlooking LA was absolutely cringeworthy for any real dancers watching - and really ? does she happen to have her tap shoes with her after leaving a party ? just watch that scene closely again.No, it was far from 'awesome', although clearly Ryan Gosling worked hard at learning the piano, so must be commended for that.Not a film I would want to sit through again, but this is the only place I can vent my spleen or be generous with praise, as I cannot be bothered with social media !!!

I can not believe this film got so many awards and why everyone was raving about it. Poor storyline. No wonder they don't make musicals anymore. They can't compete with the musicals of the 40's and 50's. I'd rather watch paint dry.

I don't understand the hype of this movie.Singers were sub par like the acting.Songs were not memorable or entertaining.Cliche, cliche, cliche.Ugh, get me out. Walked out with about 30 mins left of the movie as my girlfriend herself was not enjoying it as well! Just sad.

Story is cliche; boo hoo she thinks he's not following his dream *eye rolls*. The songs are utterly not memorable. The singing, acting, and dancing are meh to average. This movie dragged for me. It's a miss. This boring, bland, blah musical is beyond bad.

The first time I watched La La Land, I thought it was good, but not amazing. The more I thought about it (and after a re-watch or two), it just got better and better. At the moment, La La Land is my favorite film, ever. If I had to describe it in just a few words, La La Land is magical. It makes you feel joy, heartbreak, and hope throughout its running time, and it's endlessly entertaining and re-watchable. It's an homage to Hollywood, LA, and movies in general with great lead performances, truly phenomenal cinematography, and an incredible score that will stick with you for a long time. I watched the film a year and a half ago, and the music is still stuck in my head. I really can't pick a favorite scene, since the film is just so good, but Mia's Audition towards the end of the movie was the one that impressed me the most. Stone's performance was wonderful, and pretty much anyone can relate to the song she's singing. I also think that making everything else but Mia fade to black in that scene is a smart choice. Not only does it look great, but it makes sure that the only thing we focus on is Stone's performance and the words to the song. I don't know if I did La La Land justice with this review, but it's nothing short of a masterpiece. I didn't think too much of it the first time I saw it, but the more I thought about it and watched it, the better and better it got. Note: You know a film is great when it has an 8.1 on IMDb and most of the one-star ratings say "I just rated it this low to bring the score down."

I must say that I usually do not like musicals, but 'La La Land' quickly became my favourite movie. It is a beautiful tribute to the Cinema and to those who never quit of their dreams. 
The cinematography is amazing and the same goes for all the choreographies. The first scene, when the cast sings 'Another Day Of Sun', has the power to catch our attention to the rest of the movie. The final scene ('Epilogue') can make us feel mad, angry, sad and happy at the same time. 
'La La Land' is an incredible movie and I really suggest that everyone watches it, even to those who don't support songs in movies.

You don't need a great voice to carry a musical. But you need to have an interesting voice. A lot of the old time musicals pretty much had the likes of Gene Kelly, and others have songs tailored to their limited range as singers. Even the silly Mamma Mia which suffered from cringeworthy screenplay and Pierce Brosnan's earnest donkey braying benefited from the rich catalog of songs and performers immersing themselves into the songs no matter how bad they sounded. Rocky Horror Picture Show made better use of the voices of non singers like Sarandon and even though Rocky Horror was never considered Oscar worthy , it actually has much superior songs to more lauded movies like La La Land. LaLaLand is just flat out lacking in even semi memorable songs with great melodies. And even the non musical sequences are drab and stilted in the beginning of the movie which kind of makes you impatient right off the bat. The first half hour, there is only one semi compelling scene where Emma Stone is auditioning for a role. So it puts you in a mood not to give this movie the patience it probably needs. The first scene that grabs my attention is the pool scene with the 80s cover band by an overeager cheesy singer who entertained me more than the other singers in the movie. Then the movie descends into mediocrity again where Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone have a duet where the song does their voices and our ears no favor. Ryan Gosling's voice comes across as a bored half hearted rendition after someone just woke him up in this song. At that point, I just gave up on the movie and watched the rest of it as I did other stuff. Emma Stone had a better mini musical with her funny SNL skit(Les Jeunes de Paris) set in a french coffee shop than what we saw here. Ryan and Emma are both good actors and just wasted in a sloppily directed effort. This movie somehow achieved what I thought was impossible - make Emma Stone seem boring when she was having fun dancing. I don't understand the cinematography wow factor here.The imagery looks more akin to late 2000s HD cinematography with the lack of adequate vibrancy in the colors and contrast.

I like the colours? ... There, I've said something positive, so hopefully that fulfils the required impartiality quotient...I appreciate the craft, and it's obviously been made with a lot of love... but this just Was. Not. my thing, at all... It's the ultimate stage-brat movie. I have a lot of sympathy for those types of people. I took drama classes... but they tend to become grating, after awhile - and this film grated on me, REALLY fast. Life is not light and frothy. Sometimes we have to do things we don't like. Don't ask me to coddle self-indulgence.I knew going in that I wasn't a fan of musicals, so you may ask why I freely chose to watch this... The answer is that - as with any genre - occasionally I find an example that surprises me (Top Hat, Chicago, Moulin Rouge... )Unfortunately, I found no such surprises, here. The best part of watching it was knowing that as soon as I finished it, I'd never have to see it, again. I've done my duty as an Oscars devotee and movie buff, but now I need the palate cleansing of Trainspotting 2, as soon as possible!

Spoilers ahead (this review refer to people that have seen the film)Here is to fools who dream.Here is to jazz that is merely just a shadow of its former self in 1940 , or 1950 or in a place out of time. It is dying and dreamers seem to be its only hope. And what an irony that is. Jazz is a way of life and a way of thinking and it is sinking along with the Sebastians of this word.This movie really succeeds in making us feel what jazz is all about. Not 10 minutes in you already know jazz is not about the musical notes and tabs. Jazz is about freedom. It is about expressing what you feel unbounded , respecting everyone's jazz around you. Jazz is what makes you want to dance in the middle of the street even though you are in a car stuck in the traffic. Jazz is love if a parallelism is possible. And how can it not be possible if the signs are so many. Jazz and love are the driving power of expression and creativity .Love is the highest achievement of anyone of us and what makes determines who we are as jazz is to a musician. Sadly both have never been bleeding so heavily. And in these dark times indeed for jazz, a change is needed to make it lovable again in this new age. May this be an electronic sound or a compromise to a shortest version of your life longest dream. No Sebastians would ever accept it. Much like love that is dying in our time and age. Love needed to and has changed from what we used to see in the films. Its not limitless and as romantic as it used to be . It is jazz with electronic inputs . It has changed so much in order to survive this new age that can it be even called love anymore ?In this question Mia ans Sebastian say no. Love is a wonderful kind of music that doesn't have to be mutated to exist . And if times wont accept it, it can exist in a city of stars in their minds inside a look in a bar after so many years.This movie is a glimpse of the old love and jazz that adds so much colour to a black and white today.

What a disappointment. Not a musical. (Musical acts are scarce and scattered, there is only one recognizable tune, the others are instantly forgotten). Not a love story. Stone and Gosling show no chemistry, no passion. Not a film about jazz. (apart from a few corny clichés)The film has been successful, so I guess it must have had some appeal. But this Hollywood self celebratory so called return of the musical didn't win me over.

I cannot understand all the good reviews this has had. It is boring and depressing; a dull story with characters it's hard to care about. This is Hollywood being self-indulgent.Neither lead can sing or dance well. This, I would have thought, would be a prerequisite for a musical.The first two song & dance sequences were uninspiring, though the later ones were a slight improvement; the finale was quite good in terms of editing.Some of the jazz piano, etc., was good but otherwise there's only one original catchy tune in the whole movie - and you'll be sick of hearing it by the end.

I was so pumped to see this movie because I had heard so many people talking about it. From the first scene to the final I had a hard time keeping my eyes open. I found there was little action or drama or anything to keep me drawn to the movie. I was hoping at some point that it would take off and I would experience what other people were talking about. That did not happen for me. I would never purchase this movie, let alone ever watch it again. Very disappointing. Ryan Gosling should stick to other genres of movies as his musical and dancing talents are sorely lacking.

How This Film Won So Many Awards Is Beyond Me The Musical Numbers Expect For The Opening Number Were Rubbish And The Plot Vey Thin, The Singing Was OK But Nothing Special And The Dancing Was Bad Expect The Opening Number And The Songs Were Not Cathy, The Woody Allen Musical Comedy Everyone Says I love You Was Much Better So See That Film Not La La Land Thank You

The unimpressive opening dance number sets the tone for this mishegoss of a film. Yet another case of "The Academy" (ie. anyone with a SAG card) voting for films that they have clearly never seen. How this qualified as a so-called Musical is truly a mystery? The musical numbers totaled less than 10-minutes. Zero chemistry and zero character study between the main stars. Stilted dialogue that chewed at my ears with no semblance of a plot. La-La Land was nothing more than an excuse to create lavish sets. Despite my cousin having co-produced this film, I will still stand by my educated review. In the end, an actor's actor always chooses NYC over LA-LA Land.

Boredom to the nth power! To hate, to detest, to loathe, to abhor... These are all verbs that fall short to describe how I felt when I had the "privilege" to watch this movie, film, piece of crap or whatever other words used to describe this utter, gross and unforgettable felony. This "La La l Land" should stand before the International Criminal Court to answer for its outrageous crimes against humanity. I couldn't leave since I was the guy projecting the movie. I wish I had had a can of petrol and a lighter to set the screen on fire. The audience would have applaud. At least,the half of it that had remained sitting and winning the eternal salvation. Can anyone tell me what the hell the story was about? After one hour nothing happened; after two hours, the same. The best part was when it ended. Thank God for having listened to my prayers! The whole movie was forgettable after 5 minutes. But the feeling and imprint left in my brain will not disappear in a thousand years and for sure I will need psychiatric assistance from now on. I have that (single) piano key sounding in my mind continuously. There are no language or words that could describe this attack on intelligence and human dignity. Please, do not watch this movie!!! For god's sake!!!!. You'll save your money, time and mental health. The story was beyond rubbish, the music... I'd rather be deaf. The acting was below absolute zero. And the length...oh, my god! Have you ever watched "The Neverending Story"? That one did have an end but this one was the real neverending story, so eternal, so boring. The worst, worst movie I've seen in 40 years. And most of the merit goes to the fact that they tried to sell it as the best of the best but it really is the best of the worst. It was awarded 6 Oscars!!!???? How come? Did the jury toss a coin to see who wins them? This is a kind of "musical" that would hurt a deaf person's ears. And I totally agree with one reviewer: finding nemo is much better, light- years better than this crap crap land. I didn't actually have great expectations about it, maybe just killing time. But it was beyond any expectations imaginable in the opposite direction. It was so slow that instead of a motion picture it seemed a projecting of a trillion slides. Never again! I swear!

I'm disappointed because the whole time I was waiting for the scene everyone told me about where Ryan Gosling's character admits to Emma Stone's character that he got pregnant in the butt by John Legend's character and then he gets really stiff with his arms to his side and shoots off like a rocket with flames coming out of his feet and then that's the end of the movie. What gives??

The story, characters, songs, costumes, and the cinematography's color are perfect! I watched it many times and always enjoyed. This movie showed us the stages of relationship like in our normal life lol.

I made an acoount just to give this movie 1/10 don't waste your time, i was very curious when everybody was talking about this movie, but oh gosh i can't stand this. If i was 15 years old, maybe

One of my favourite movies and favourite musicals. First of all you should not compare it with classical musicals, they are great on there on place. La la land is a kind of modern musical which is still revolved around some of the old school techniques. It's a great movie. Greatly written, greatly acted and greatly executed. The musicals scores are the best part of it. Other than that the movie is unique. It's not the kind of movie you've already seen. Don't hear what the people have to say about it. Be your own judge and give it a try

La La Land is a classic musical disguised as a new movie. Both Gosling and Stone give amazing performances and you believe their chemistry. So much that it angered me when they didn't get together at the end. Also the music is a amazing. Overall if you haven't seen La La Land yet I highly recommend it. Any musical fan or movie fan in general will adore this movie as I did

I heard that this movie reminded people of old movies which led to a slew of good reviews.I LOVE Emma Stone and I LOVE Ryan Gosling. I thought that they were wonderful together in Crazy Stupid Love. And I admit to liking a lot of weird and strange movies. Right now, my favorite movie is Mr. Right with Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell (See it! So fun!).I watch old movies all the time. This did not remind me of an old movie. It had a lot of singing in it. By non-singers.I tried to watch this. I did. I couldn't get past the first twenty minutes. I was BORED! Then, in hopes that it might generate some interest for me, I watched the last 45 minutes. Still, MEH. I don't care about these characters and I found that the songs distanced me from them. They didn't seem "real" but rather, were like caricatures of real people. The last five minutes was really pretty to watch. But still - did not care!So, if you're wondering what all the hype was about and can't figure it out... you're not alone.

I was so disappointed with this movie. I adore old Hollywood musicals, but if this was supposed to be a 'tipping of the hat' in tribute to them, then I'm afraid the hat fell off & was trampled by a stampede of cinema goers exiting the theatre demanding a refund! How on earth did it win so many awards? A raspberry I'd believe, but the others? Sheesh!The story line was slow & boring. I'm a big fan of Emma Stone but in this movie she looked thin & unwell. Her singing & dancing were terrible. She was about as graceful as a newborn giraffe. I can't believe the wonderful Mandy Moore choreographed this drivel. I'm not a fan of Ryan Gosling so his performance didn't disappoint as I already had low expectations. There was nothing memorable about this film. Below average. Thank goodness I saw it for free or I'd be stomping on that hat myself!

A excruciatingly slow moving movie. A movie for patient viewers. Not worth the time nor expense, for hyperactive folks. Decent acting, hopefully, these actors, and actresses will get better movies, in the future. Avoid viewing in theaters, due to their high cost, & freebie bed bugs, etc. Go for low cost Internet streaming, where possible.

I gave 2 rating for the message, otherwise, I'd have given 1. Let me ask you one question, have you ever watched Bollywood movie? In any of your answer I'd like to conclude that Bollywood movies are boring because they have song concept & a dance concept in the middle of the movie. Well, it follows the same way. IF YOU WATCH THIS MOVIE your life will become different. YOU WILL DEFINITELY SEE YOUR TIME MORE PRECIOUS & WILL NEVER TRY TO WATCH THESE type of melodramatic movies again. And if you have free time, you may like it. It's just too much of overrating. I REALISED THAT Oscar CAN BE GIVEN TO ANY senseless MOVIE.

The start is almost as good as a first-rate Super Bowl commercial. Unfortunately, that part has absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the movie. Seriously, if they'd just spent 90 minutes singing and dancing on the freeway, I'm sure it would have been a much better movie. There is one other very brief good (funny) part, but it's buried under 2 hours of boring, whiny, millennial-style navel-gazing drivel.Btw, it's not that I hate all musicals, as I've enjoyed some of the oldies on TCM (well, at least I did before I got cheap and cut back to basic cable). But in any musical that's worth its weight in spit, the guy gets the girl and you're left feeling upbeat. This one is mostly just one big bummer.

First review. Because this movie is totally overrated ! I love musical movies, but what on earth happened for it to be so praised ? Just had to watch a few sequences from My Fair Lady after to be sure my judgment was not wrong. That is a great musical. Not this. Another Oscar winning movie who will appear in 10 years in the "Movies that shouldn't have won" list. You don't make a good or great movie because you do it in the style of the great ones. And even that should you have a good story ! And good songs ! Even in this area, i could not remember one ! And you don't feel any connections with characters. In short terms : don't waste your time !

This film is the most over rated film in the whole world. Why did it win so many awards, I mean how in the world? The film, at the beginning, is very boring and it seems like the story will never end. Why would someone see this film, why? The story line is boring and slow like a sloth. Well, the acting is just average, not amazing, not excellent, just average. The director also did an average job to be honest, but towards the ending the film got a bit better. I like how the ending was not so obvious because I thought that in the ending they would be together but they got separated and carried on their own lives.

Hollywood musical; Hollywood romantic comedy if you will. Mia (Emma Stone) is an attractive young lady pursuing showbiz fame serving coffee between auditions and meets Sebastian (Ryan Gosling), a talented jazz pianist searching for his dream of owning his own jazz club. Romantic flirtations lead to an intense love affair; but conflicting ambitions force them to make some tough choices and their relationship begins to fray and both will realize true love is too important to let slip away.Song and dance scenes could have been cut a little shorter for me; but this movie is well written and acted. Scenery and sets are beautiful and some scenes just ooze romance. By far, should have won Oscar for Best picture. Gosling is charming and Miss Stone is what dreams are made of.Also in the cast: J.K. Simmons, Jessica Rothe, Jason Fuchs, Callie Hernandez, John Legend, Terry Walters, Tom Everett Scott and D.A. Wallach.

A jazz loving pianist falls for a wannabe actress and together, supporting each other, hope to one day achieve their lifetime dreams. Their attempt will prove to be much harder than expected, putting their relationship in peril multiple times.It's a joyful but dramatic musical which presents two ordinary people with big dreams and their struggle to achieve them. It makes the viewer pass through multiple feelings, from excitement and fun all the way to sadness and drama, keeping him into its majestic atmosphere until the end. This is a very good example of how a movie should be done, how to shoot scenes, how to build characters and how to put them into place. The music and dancing also play a very important role in the act, making it easier for the characters to express their feelings while also changing the mood of the scene.It's a very good movie without any doubt, but what disappointed me was the way the producers decided to end it. You may accuse me of being old-school and a fan of the fairy-tales for preferring a predictable happy- ending but I truly think that it would have been the best approach when it comes to this one. You may like the way it ends. You might even consider it to be a happy ending. who knows? But for me, this is the part which brought disappointment from an excellent movie and made me not give it full credit for its performance.

I hated The Sound of Music. I hated Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. I hate Mary Poppins. I hated all of the music films from that era. Somehow, in 2016, that format has finally been done right. This movie is great. The whole thing plays out like a stage performance. The colours, the lights, the dancing, the acting. But the thing that ties it all together, and makes it really shine as a stage show is the cinematography. I love the long movement shots, where its obvious that everyone had to be on point for their part. Even just the opening song is a huge feat in filming. The stunts, the dancing, the singing, and then both Emma Stone and Ryan Goslings separate acting parts. The opening scene sets up the entire movie.The story... I don't have too much to say about it. Its just a story. Its a polished, easy to swallow love story. There's nothing special about it, and thats the only thing in my eyes that could be a let down, but for what the movie is, it works for it. Would the story make me watch it again? No, but the production might.My favourite part of the whole movie is the stage show recap, while Ryan's character plays "the song". Its confusing throughout the whole thing. I said "she turned their story into a stage show... oh, no its a recap... oh, Ryan is the girls Dad... oh, no its Ryan's version of how it should have gone". I was so confused, but when he finally finished the song, I was spent.I would watch more movies like this, if only for the production. I hope maybe some day, someone makes one of these films with an edgy story. I want to see heroin, not Coke.

We Indians love musicals and each movie we make irrespective of the language, has songs and dances. Very rare we make a song less movie.But hats off to Damien Chazelle for writing and directing a musical which beats us in our own game. After watching La La Land, I wondered why we couldn't make a movie like this with the kind of talent Bollywood and rest of the many regional language film industries India has.I don't know where to start about La La Land. The story of young struggling actress and a Jazz musician in LA could have been a run of the mill film but Damien is fine writer. So he does include the clichés but also keeps small twists and turns in the story. He tells the story in forms of the seasons in LA and how life changes like the seasons.And when we audience think that all is fine, he beautifully delivers the hammer blow at the end which left me speechless. When I left the theatre, I was wondering how my life is at the moment and how my life could have been if some dreams had come true. My introspection is the result of power of writing. Pity he didn't won an Oscar for writing.Every frame in the movie looks like a painting and the movie deserves the Oscar for cinematography. And the music is outstanding.Gosling and Stone are a fine couple on screen and their chemistry lifts this film to another level. Both of fabulous actors. Stone beautifully shows the pain of a struggler while Gosling shows the unhappiness inspite achieving success.Whether the film should have won the Best film, well after seeing Moonlight I can tell. But its a beautiful film that the reminds us that life will always have surprises.

Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) a traditional Jazz piano player and Mia (Emma Watson) an aspiring actress meet and fall in love. Sebastian's dream is to have his own Jazz Club and Mia's dream is to be a successful actress. I told them I wanted Westerns to be brought back and what they did was to bring back a Musical. A Musical of all things! Well, it wasn't too bad and it got a lot better after the first 15-minutes when they showed a traffic jam on the freeway and everyone got out of their cars to sing and dance. Pretty lame and you could tell the voices were dubbed in. What was I in for when this movie was nominated for all kinds of Oscars? Someone should have seen those first 15-minutes didn't work. The music was not of the toe-tapping kind the dancing was okay, I guess, but way overdone. I was beginning to think this was going to try too hard. Woe is us. The story really starts when Sebastian and Mia meet and their chemistry was spot on. Kudos. We hear them singing and see them dancing. The choreography was excellent for two actors not known for singing and dancing. Hey, it worked and was enjoyable to watch all the rest of the way. Mia decides her auditions weren't working and starts to write a one-woman play. Sebastian is offered a job by Keith (John Legend). The music here is what I would call Jazz Rock and is meant to bring in the younger crowd because no one really likes traditional Jazz anymore. Or that is what is commonly known. Sebastian doesn't really like this kind of music but it's a job and he needs a job. Things work for a while until troubles come to paradise and we see dream conflicts. Oh, oh.The music and choreography - after the first 15-minutes - were very good and maybe those Oscar nominations were deserved after all. (Of course they were) The movie did get Oscars for: Best Actress: Emma Watson; Best Director: Damien Chazelle; Best Original Song: City of Stars; and Best Original Score.Notable: J.K. Simmons as Bill who fires Sebastian because he wouldn't play the traditional Christmas music and ended up playing some serious Jazz. This may be the start of Musical Revivals, but am still hoping someone will bring back the Westerns. (9/10)Violence: No. Sex: No. Nudity; No. Language: Only on F-bomb was heard.

this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen, and i don't know how did it get 6 Oscars. i gave it one star because there wasn't an option to give it a zero , or less. it was an absolute waste of time and money. i wouldn't advice you to watch it instead go watch the Simpsons or something less boring

I give a 6 only because there were some bright moments and actors were good. But the story itself, seriously boring, nothing to keep you interested, romance? humor? drama? musical? a little from everything but not enough just bland. Choreography had nothing special nothing to impress while it's something to expect from a musical, and singing scenes? Boring with no essence, no weight, no magic... And there was no romance except some kissing and dancing. At some point you want to stop watching but hey it's La La Land I've been expecting this movie, it looked so positive and stylish compared to violent superhero junk that's so popular these days. Such a disappointment. A story who keeps you sad and bored, life is unfair.. but then hey something is going on they meet each other and... nah... oh wait maybe finally they... nah the end

The main 2 characters were well developed, but I felt the film lacked in depth and the story was very generic. This felt like just another milked Hollywood film with a lack of a plot. The film did some things right – The main actors were great and their relationship felt pretty real. Overall, this film was mediocre. It did some things right, but a lot of things wrong. My score for La La Land is: 6/10

Romantic, warm, successful in terms of actor and actress performance, but still a little boring.It was really a romantic movie. It was like you feel the romance between Gosling and Stone. You feel that they have strong feelings for each other and they show it in a cute way. The scenes, at which, one of them makes the other one angry, were not only sweet, but also convincing. Stone and Gosling both had great performance. The fact that Emma Stone has won the Oscar, proves this, although I believe Oscar should have gone to Natalie Portman for her amazing performance in Jackie.Although the movie was romantic and the main characters had great performance, I found it a little slow and boring. You feel the romance but you are not curious what will happen next. The storyline could have been more exciting. Not only the storyline, but also the musical scenes lead to boredom. I must say that the musical scenes were completely disaster for me. I just didn't like the songs and the dance. Maybe it was just not my thing.

Plot does not exist. It seems that the scenario's writer tried to satisfy the expectations of a teenage girl... Magic, love,sing, dance, typical argues,dresses and heels. I do not recommend this movie to an adult person. BUT the worst thing was the absence of emotion. Especially Ryan Gosling was playing his role so bad,so blankly..

since i have heard so much about it, i expected more and got much less. i have no idea what the big fuss was about!! i expected a Sound of Music kind of movie and was disappointed in return. it has no great music, no great costumes , no great scenery and the dancing was not even up to par ....lacking in all elements of a good musical movie. the 5 hence was for the acting only.

La La Land is a musical film written and directed by Damian Chazelle (Whiplash) and starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling. I'll admit musicals are a guilty pleasure of mine, but it's been a while since I last saw one that I really got into. Thankfully, La La Land has done just that, with its memorable songs and clever choreography.In the city of Los Angeles, aspiring actress Mia Dolan (Emma Stone) meets aspiring Jazz pianist Sebastian Wilder (Ryan Gosling) and the two fall in love. Throughout the course of their relationship, the couple strive harder and harder to make something of their potential careers in the fast-paced and surreal city.The film plays off as an affectionate tribute to the Hollywood musicals of decades past, complete with stylish dance choreography and bombastic set pieces. Also, despite its jovial tone and brightly-coloured presentation, there are plenty of bittersweet moments that prevent the film from becoming too sappy and overly sentimental. The songs were all great and they all segued perfectly into the plot. The chemistry between both Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling is fantastic. Both actors seem like they were having a blast filming their dancing and singing scenes.I rate it 8.5/10

It's very strange to me that I thought Passengers was quite good and La La Land rather slow and boring. The critics saw it the other way around. Disconcertingly, I just don't agree with what the glowing reviews are saying about this movie. I was checking my phone throughout. I didn't see the magic here. This film didn't blow me away, despite what the critics were promising. I didn't get it.I won't say that I wasn't moved, because it was moving near the end, and that's always a sign of a good film. I particularly liked the song about the aunt jumping in the Seine. More of this please. However, the people I was with didn't even appreciate this scene. They thought the whole show was a waste of money.I can see Hollywood as a metaphor for "following your dreams". The theme of "follow your dreams wherever they may lead you" is a noble one. I loved "LA Story", including the surrealist bits but maybe that's because of the character development. I'm into movies, but I'm not particularly into Hollywood. I hated "The Artist". The singing and dancing just weren't that great. The surrealism and overt Hollywoodness here felt cheesy and excessive to me. Did it go too far maybe? Perhaps I wanted more psychological insight, more realistic character development, and less Fred and Ginger. This movie was a little too artsy and contrived for me.Still, I might see it again, just to try to see what all the critics are seeing.

I saw this with my 80-something godmother and we both had surprisingly similar reactions. We both agreed that the film gets off to a slow start. It was downright boring in the early scenes, so much so that my godmother admitted she almost fell asleep. The film picks up some much-needed steam when it concentrates on the relationship between Mia (Emma Stone) and Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and particularly comes alive whenever jazz takes center stage.I found many of the early scenes a bit pretentious. Mia and her glamorous friends are struggling to make it but they live in a really well-decorated apartment, have fabulous clothes, and get invited to so many pool-parties in the Hollywood Hills that you wonder when she manages to get enough hours at the coffee bar to put food on her table. I also found the film lacking in terms of signing quality. I have excellent hearing but had trouble understanding the lyrics to some of the numbers because everybody seemed to be whispering, which is what unskilled people do when they try to sing. None of the actors could belt out a tune, save for real-life singer John Legend. Finally, I have to say the awful ending was a letdown. Why make a love letter to old Hollywood musicals if you're not going to give us the ending that Hollywood would have given us if this had been made in the 1950s? This plot has been done many times before and much better: girl and guy are fake and phony; girl becomes star and leaves for Hollywood; guy gets left behind; girl secretly pines for her regular guy; guy finally gets up courage to seek her out and they live happily ever after. Would it have been so terrible to have Mia become a success in Hollywood and Seb simultaneously realize his dream of opening a jazz club but have them both realize they were missing something in their lives (like the love of their life) and then meet cute again and go off into the sunset? Only one tune was memorable in this movie, mostly due to its frequent repetition. Otherwise, this was only an OK film.

This movie is beyond brilliant. Probably the best film The Autistic Reviewers (Jay And Nick) have seen this year! The music is beautiful, the editing was perfectly timed, the direction was excellent, the Costume Design was on the spot, the cinematography was breath taking, and the acting by Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling...wow! Just wow! We both saw Emma Stone in Superbad, and whoever would've thought she would've ended up here? There is no doubt this film will be an Oscar contender. We're hoping it will at least win an Oscar for Best Original song for "City of Stars." If you love Musicals then see this movie. It will possibly be the best one you ever. Take your kids, take your parents and Grandparents...you will have the time of your life! Autistic Reviewers give this 5/5 stars, 10/10.

My sisters were naturally my babysitters growing up. They watched endless musicals ad nauseum. Years later I hear a melody and can practically see the dancers performing the routine associated with that melody. After the Oscar nominations I could only imagine my sisters both bursting forth with "are you kidding?" You see, after watching your first dozen musicals, the expertise of truly memorable dance flow becomes evident. Going through the motions is normal flow. Expressive, rhythmic, flowing motion can be performed by PROS flawlessly with every step though every step is not award worthy.Many current Hollywood actors/actresses could have performed the same motions as Gosling & Stone. Many would have done a better job. The point is - just flowing through the motions doesn't make any performance award worthy.

La La Land is just on show in China today. I heard that it is a movie about romantic love and music, so I decided to go for it with my girlfriend. Beyond my imagination, it comes to an sad ending, so sad that made me cry.In LA, the city full of dream, is not just like everyone dreamed. Many people lose themselves, forgive their original intention.I have seen lots of movies in 2016, it is a truth that Hollywood is getting worse. La La Land is the only film that bring me in. I could get the feeling of Mia, when she cries, I cry. When she smiles, I smile. Music and Dance are really great things in the world.The movie also reminds me that I should do what I really like. If you love music, then just do it. If you like movies, then just go for it. Don't think too much about the final result. Even you are a "successful man", with an unhappy job, it won't make you feel any sense of achievement. Following myself would be the most charming part of me. I also read love from the movie. The two persons just like having special chemical reaction with each other. They are getting better and better while staying with each other. This is exactly the kind of love that I want to have. And...I wish the love I have is the very kind of love. I don't love her rich or success, but her full passion and enthusiasm about life. There are many versions of our life, any single tiny decision could lead to a total different one, and this is called Butterfly Effect. I hope my love and I could go through the obstacles together one by one, stronger and stronger, during which we are getting better and better selves as well.Happy Valentine's Day at last, to you, my love.

I had very high expectations for Lalaland but what a disappointment. This should have been a Broadway show not a movie. I felt that the story linen was thin and very chaotic. To me this was Bollywood meets Hollywood and it did not work at all. Why can't we just allow Bollywood to make their great movies at least they are authentic. The only positive thing about this movie was the acting. I thought the actors did their best with the material they were given. Also the music was good but did not manage to carry through. Probably just better to buy the soundtrack. Do not recommend this movie but if you do go do so with low expectations that way you might get some enjoyment out of it.

Sorry folks, but for me, a musical absolutely requires professional level singing and dancing. And although Gosling and Stone are great actors and do an excellent job with a fun script, neither one either dances or sings like a professional. Not even close. The result comes across like one of those rather embarrassing and painful high-school musicals that you sit through because your child is in it.The costumes and set design were great, and I really liked the music. I think the movie would have been much better if they had just done voice-overs for the songs. Then we would only have needed to overlook the amateur dancing.The plot is a modified RomCom plot, but since this isn't a spoiler review, you will have to see it to find out how it deviates from the standard line.I saw this movie with my daughter who is an aficionado of movie musicals. She was annoyed at the rampant borrowing from classics such as "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg", "An American in Paris", and "Singing in the Rain". Although this point is worth mentioning, I think many if not most viewers will not notice.We just watched "Singing in the Rain" last night, in honor of Debbie Reynolds. If you want to see what a great musical actually looks and sounds like, you can rent it from Amazon. Then make your own comparison.

I've been waiting for a return of the unabashed musical, and this one announces from its opening scene that it's a movie where actors burst into choreographed song and dance routines on the spur of the moment. This is a good thing. Part of the death of the musical involved the casting of actors who could not sing and/or were wrong for the part. Naturally, I was nervous about the casting. Gosling and Stone are good actors; as singers, they're effective, her more so. As a dancer, Gosling is a little clunky. You get the feeling Channing Tatum might have done it better. The plot echoes a 30s musical with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler; though not quite as artificial and stylized. There are also elements of Gene Kelly, including a 50s style ballet sequence. Plot-wise: A struggling jazz pianist and an aspiring actress are looking for a break in Hollywood, fall in love, and struggle when they begin to find success. The romance and much of the comedy echoes Woody Allen's screenplays, especially Annie Hall, and his own musical Everyone Says I Love You (luckily the actors don't _act_ as if they're in an Allen film, no matter how much the script sounds like they should). Story and plot don't tend to matter much in a musical, but the lead characters and the love story works. The style and design are mostly spot on, though it's not a showcase of costume and sets. The editing is a bit odd, and sometimes it seems that the singing is not quite matching the lip movement. When John Legend sings, though his songs are not good, we hear what a polished singer sounds like, and can clearly match his mouth to the sound. None of the songs in the movie are breakout hits exactly. Emma Stone's audition song is the most effective, and/but it heavily echoes Paul Williams (I could hum Rainbow Connection over it). Overall, despite criticism, I think it's a great movie for the present time. It may succeed better as a gimmick, given that this type of musical is so seldom made now. In a year with multiple musicals, I'm not sure how memorable this one would be. I will say, in almost all respects, it's well worth seeing, and probably seeing in a theater for full effect.

I have never written a review before on IMDb.. Although I have had an account here for ages but today was the day I finally decided a review for this magical movie is a must! It has been almost 8 hours since I saw the movie but the last scene the last image the last piano note is so fresh in my mind. I keep going in and out of a state of trance where the movies main theme plays on repeat in my head which elevates my emotions onto the next level.. The movie is pure nirvana.. I don't quite think I have witnessed anything this magical in this era.. Please go and watch it.. Take your loved one with you.. Hold their hand and dream away like the fools of this mesmerising story.. I guarantee you will not be disappointed!

And here's to the fools who dream Crazy, as they may seem Here's to the hearts that break Here's to the mess we make...I really, really love to discuss such heartwarming movies, which deliver the full specter of positive to melancholic emotions, but no negativity at all. "La La Land" from Damien Chazelle is indeed an awaited masterpiece after his break performance with Whiplash. So much energy and genuine talent is represented in his scripts, directing and music, that I am truly inspired after watching his every film. His producers are really joyful after working with him, describing him as a very young visionary, who really lives with his work, and tell that after he is done with a movie, he lingers on it long after the shooting is done. Maybe because for any true auteur every piece of art is like a new baby born by his imagination and hard work. So this time he chose a more familiar cast - Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone (the latter can Really sing!). I think that they both got talent and am really a fan of Gosling's film project choices. He truly does not have a failure (yes, I am looking at you newcoming Blade Runner movie!). So having also the chemistry between them two, the director can only pinpoint the amazing, yet pretty often used storyline. I prefer not to speak so much about script, rather than music and performances. The feel which we get from this movie is rather energetic, fresh and warm. Life is really nothing but a sequence of events which we truly must welcome and embrace, not matter the costs of mistakes and misses. The passion of the main characters for what they love and do is indeed great, but it pales in front of these rare moments of togetherness in creativity which they have. And that's why the third act is the strongest one. When they break out, they estrange from each other, but not to the point of losing that connection which they have from the beginning. And although people are born alone and constantly move on and change, these two characters really resemble our ever lingering spirit of dreaming and high hopes. Even if the reality crumbles, even if Sebastian and Mia choose separating paths, they are bound to be together in their dreams. And when those dreams come true, they are happy despite the physical distance between them. There is much wisdom in this film. And the beautiful shots are really complimentary to the exact directing of the motion. Los Angeles is a really nice scene for the story and the color palette of the movie is truly positive. I want to point out the song which Mia sings at the last casting - "Audition". It truly made me smile, because it represents a spirit, which I don't really show, but which I love. And reminded to me of a very special person of mine. Also, I want to express my deepest respect of the conclusion song and montage. I really turned this 9/10 movie into 10/10 for me. Love and Creativity are truly strong forces in our lives. They show our spirit and souls like nothing else. And even our mind and perception are puzzled by the disappearing boundaries which are torn down by everlasting art.

"This is a dream: it's conflict, it's compromise, and it's very very exciting. Here's to the ones who dream." La La Land is A True Definition of Cinema. Here's my thoughts about this magical movie:I'm in love, like really in love with this movie, because LA LA LAND is a movie which has reinforced my belief in the power of dreams. The first five minutes is like a great appetizer before you get the better main course, ONE SHOT DUDE COME ON. Gosling performance is ridiculously good, but Stone has never been better like this before (the Audition scene, GOD). Chazelle's direction is a gift for cinema, he know how to treat a scene and end a movie (Whiplash, remember?), thank God he's not one hit wonder director. Justin Hurwitz needs to get more recognition, his work is a fine art and I think people will always talk about the music of LA LA LAND. The shots and coloring is a masterwork and a feast for your eyes, bow down to Linus Sandgren and Natasha Leonnet. The final 15 minutes and the epilogue scene is breathtaking. Yes I cried, my soul left my body during this sequence because hit me on so many levels, it's so beautiful and charming and emotional.It's a love letter for people like me who adore everything about cinema, jazz, Hollywood, stunning visual, Los Angeles, musical, and dreamers. LA LA LAND made me nostalgic and yearn about something I've never experienced before, and I want it more than ever after watch this movie. Recommended to everyone who give up to pursue passion for the arts, because this movie celebrate the dreamers among us (except the pessimistic and cynical ones). Bittersweet brilliance, an instant classic, an homage to the classic era of Hollywood musical, and 2016 antidote for sure.I can't remember the last time a movie made me feel this way, deepest thanks to all who created LA LA LAND, especially for Chazelle and Hurwitz for this ambitious project, I love you both.I can talk about this movie all day long, seriously. Please do watch this one in theater, I will drag everyone I know to watch this blissful magical movie, I can't recommend it enough. Last thing to say, if you don't enjoy LA LA LAND, probably you don't deserve to be happy.

It's very obvious that this movie is made with the utmost passion for both films and music. I found this movie to be enthralling and perfect. I cannot specify how much I loved this movie. Did I mention that I loved this movie... well I do. Unlike a lot of people I talk to I have no problems with musicals and I quite like them. I'm going to make this short and sweet and try to list all the perfect things about this movie.Since it's a musical I feel I should mention that the songs, singing and dancing were absolutely flawless in execution. I especially adored "Fools who dream". I am a huge fan of both leads and in my opinion this was a career best performance by the gorgeous Emma Stone and another brilliant performance by Gostling. Their chemistry was 100% believable and they were very "cute" together.The plot itself focuses a lot on passion and dedication to that passion. It tries to make people want to achieve their goals and follow their dreams in an active way.Directing and cinematography were absolutely beautiful. I was born in L.A. so this movie made me very nostalgic and it showed the sort of "artistic" side of L.A. and I loved it.It is a gripping experience but I would recommend watching this with a significant other. 11/10

Here's a modern original take on the Hollywood movie musical. You remember when the stars broke into song and or dance. It's bright colorful and a treat for the visual and audio senses.The director is going to get much of the credit for making this work. Emma Stone gives an award worthy performance as the insecure girl wanting to live her dream. Maybe she stares into the distance a bit too often.Everything about this production is outstanding. The costumes, the music even the poster is beautiful.The movie takes advantage of the big screen and should be enjoyed in a theater environment. Maybe audiences would have preferred the alternate ending that was cleverly presented. No drugs, sex or violence, just a great time at the movies.

Fourteen nominations? Six awards? How sad I am to see this happen. Doesn't anyone know or remember why the musicals of yesteryear can still be seen today with the same enjoyment as they gave in the past? I'm talking about "The King and I" , "My Fair Lady"," Mary Poppins", "The Sound of Music", "Kiss Me Kate", "Singin' In the Rain" and other greats. Could it be because the characters could actually sing? (OK, Rex was an exception, but he owned his character) If the actor couldn't sing they dubbed their voices. The choreography was exciting and the actors could dance. The script was strong. The songs were memorable and still sung today. La La Land's characters couldn't sing or dance. The choreography was uninspiring and the music was bland. The directing was all over the place. The ending, meant to be bittersweet, was maudlin. Sadly, it is true that mediocrity is today's genius.

This is the type of music film I should be all over loving it, and wanting to watch it again and again. I enjoy many of the old school Hollywood music movies, and many of the newer ones as well. This film did nothing for me except make me check my watch.... over and over... in movie time, it felt like four hours to me. Songs felt shoe horned in, and unimportant and even forgettable. As an musician, and artistic dreamer that has touched fame myself, I should have connected with their dreams and goals and failures. I didn't. Again, just felt like it was cookie-cuttered together.I don't HATE this film at all, in fact, it is well made. The leads did great with their dance numbers, even if Ryan looked a little robotic by the numbers and the singing was too "auto tuned". Still, I've seen better, much better, and will not be watching this again. Just my opinion.Having recently watched 4 movies from the 50's/60's era, this felt like a pale imitation that WANTED to pay respects to those style films, but acted like cheap knock offs instead. Shocked it got all this praise, and that others don't see right trough it like I did.

Honestly when I was first told about the premise of La La Land, I was pretty uninterested. I love musicals and films of any genre, but this one didn't peak my interest. It was only after it was nominated for 14 Oscars (which is the same amount as my favorite film of all time, Titanic) that I really noticed it.And boy was I glad I did! This movie is refreshing. It puts to rest all the things about complex plots, "inappropriate" material and language that so many movies have today, and lets us take a two-hour trip into the fantasy world of the story and its characters.The songs were enjoyable, with "Someone In the Crowd" being the standout. The duets were emotional, and I felt the connection, the bright colors and eccentric dances added to the nostalgic feel of the story. It did an exceptional job blending timeless musicals with modern traditions.I thought Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling did a great job at their parts, with Stone being the standout. Their characters felt real, like someone you could really meet walking down the street. Their chemistry was good, and I loved that this movie highlights the ups and downs of relationships, because not every relationship is as flawless as the fairy tales say.I see some negative reviews about the singing and dancing being out of tune and not perfect, but I think it adds to the story. When the characters make a tiny wrong step, or their voices shake, it adds an extra element of realism that I don't think everyone sees. I for one like the tiny mistakes that you can point out. No one is truly flawless. I think the only thing I didn't like was the pacing. It was a bit slow, but it's understandable considering you wouldn't add a car chase or some action sequence to a romance musical. I also think it could've used one more group song like the first two in the film. But overall, it's a clean movie that will give you a roller coaster of emotions, and leave you with melodies and tunes playing in your head all night. A must see for anyone who loves musicals.

I heard about how incredible this movie was for a few weeks before I finally saw it. When I did, I was blown away. The cinematography, writing, music, acting, and characters enthralled me, making that experience I had in the theater one of the best I have ever had. For a movie like this to rival theater experiences like "Captain America: Civil War," "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," "Deadpool," "Kingsman: The Secret Service," "The Martian," etc. is incredible. This is not a blockbuster, but it feels huge. Yet, at the same time, it is small. It's about people who have flaws, people who seek greatness, and their journey together through life. There's no giant IMAX-shot scene that will go down in history as one of the best action set-pieces out there like the airport scene in "Captain America: Civil War," or a book to film adaptation never to be forgotten like "The Lord of the Rings" and "Harry Potter" films. This isn't an existing property, and it isn't bombastic in an effort to be gigantic. Still, it is. It's big and beautiful and more memorable than most movies I have seen in my entire life. It stands out not only as a love letter to Hollywood and classic filmmaking, but as a story of individuals seeking more than what they have, for better or for worse, and getting what comes with such baggage; individuals wanting to hold onto the past but being forced to realize that everything ends."La La Land" is more than incredible. It's spectacular in every conceivable way. It's everything I love about stories, and while not the most important film ever made--there's no political, ideological, or moral messages, no social commentary--it's a beautiful, beautiful movie that shows why storytelling is and always will be important, no matter what form it takes.

Good cinematography, bad musical. I am a person with non biases, and I will say, although the plot and music was terrible, it had great cinematography. The longshots were great, brings life to the scene. But this movie LACKED the real stuff that cinematography will no make up.Bad musical.1 SONG THE ENTIRE SHOW. OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER. Everything was so bad, there was no build to any plot, everything just happens. These actors, CAN'T SING CAN'T DANCE. (Sorta the point of a musical.)(Give Emma and Ryan credit though, they tried their best. It's the fault of the producers who casted them.)And in the end they use the cheap trick, "what if my life was with you." What's awful is this trick works on the majority of the people. They feel this emotion, like "what if" this feeling, and walk out thinking "wow that movie really made me sad, it must be a good movie."Seriously, capitalism has destroyed another art form. This film was made non other than for PROFIT. I see no passion in the art of musical itself AT ALL, even though mentioned many times in the film, that "passion is what drives others to enjoy." Please, if you truly enjoy musical, don't waste your time watching this. If you just want to see your favorite actor/actress with some super screen time, go for it. For those who wants to watch musicals, well, sadly, passion is not the drive for movie makers today. Profit is.

Unusually for me, I actually had good expectations going in to this movie. I've always loved the classic musicals of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and to see such a film as La La Land hit theatres in this day and age felt like some sort of revival of the long dead musical genre. But the big question is, is there anything under the surface? Is it just a fun musical with great songs, or is there more than just that?Well, it's with deep pleasure that I can in fact say it isn't just a musical - if anything, it's a good story first, a great musical second.Yes, I went in expecting a good musical, and to be honest, if all it was was that, I would have no complaints. But this movie took it another level. It had an extra layer that I wasn't expecting.I enjoyed 2017's Beauty and the Beast remake a lot. It delivered, with great songs, and brilliant dance choreography, but let's be honest - if you take all that away, what would you have? It wouldn't be half the movie it was without the musical side of things.Take La La Land, and you have a movie that would work fine even if you took the musical side of things away. The songs only make it even greater than it would have already have been.The chemistry between the two leads feels genuine and believable. They don't feel like fictional characters. Instead, they feel like real human beings, with real aspirations and real dreams, hoping to prove their worth. As someone with big dreams of hitting it big, this undoubtedly hit to heart with me.I've heard some backlash from some, people who want to get over critical due to the movie's massive success. Some say it's nothing but an excuse for Hollywood to glorify themselves with much narcissism. Those people completely misunderstood the whole point of this movie. This is a raw portrayal of Hollywood, and the challenge one has to achieve success.The ending - I dare not spoil it! It is the very cherry on top of a delicious cake.I tell you, if you have not watched La La Land, believe the hype! It's as good as they say it is!

A fantastically fun opening number and a pathos fueled final montage just can't save a staid script, mostly uninspired musical numbers, and good acting but thin "performing" from the leads. I was far more bored than charmed. All and all it's nicely photographed, but over-colored in some desperate need to be dreamy, artificial and plastic. Too many super hot reds gobble up visual information instead of actually lighting the leads and the sets. To its credit, it's ambitious as hell, well-intentioned, and a bit of a production triumph. I appreciate many of the hand-built sets. But as an experience, it mostly fell flat for me. I know I'm in the minority here, which is totally fine it's just a movie, (from the disgusting display of opinion bashing in the comments section you'd think this was politics or something) but personally, I would've rather rewatched "Singing in the Rain".

I can only give LaLa Land a 6. With all the hype I really thought I would be more entertained. The story has been told so many times. The dance scenes are fun - not quite old Hollywood but close. The special affects were fun - like the dancing in the stars - actually quite beautiful even though you can tell how they did it. Very little dialogue -and that was OK but it was missing something to me - cannot quite put my finger on it. The colorful costumes were fun, the music was good but I do not think I will be humming any song tomorrow. John Legend was good - and he did write some good songs for the movie. So to me, it was an interesting movie and if the Oscars had a musical best movie award - it would probably get it since there is little competition. I do not see it as a best movie for 2016. I do not think I will be thinking of this film in the next week and to me, when I am still thinking of it later then it has stirred something in me to make it memorable. I know it took a long time to get this film made and I respect the diligence of the director to do that. But it just did not do it for me.. Sorry- I think I may be in the minority but that is my opinion..

LA LA LAND (2016) ***1/2 Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, Rosemarie DeWitt, John Legend, JK Simmons, Tom Everett Scott. Candy colored valentine to musicals of yore with contemporary know-how thanks to filmmaker Damien Chazelle blending say a Gene Kelly love story with Busby Berkeley meets Joe Kidd choreography set in modern day LA in a star-crossed romance between a somewhat miserable yet talented jazz pianist and a wanna-be actress (Gosling and Stone make a sweet dynamic duo) who fall in love amidst the dreams and their dream-like fantasia interludes. Fun, heartfelt, surprisingly poignant and altogether wonderful. Clear-eyed cinematography by Linus Sandgren, splendid production design by David Wasco and the song "City of Stars" will hit you like a meteor.

It's a shame that this film, directed by the very talented Damien Chazelle (creator of Whiplash), has had so much praise heaped on it, and is favourite for the Oscars. It is not a bad film, but it doesn't deserve an Oscar. When it ended, I left the cinema saying "it doesn't suck" and "I didn't walk out on it". But I didn't rave about it. With echoes of Whiplash, it does have deeper themes such as how two artists in a relationship can maintain their careers simultaneously, and also the importance of dreaming big and of being willing to fail and compromise. Also, it must be noted, this film's creators have dreamed big - by bringing a big time musical back to a Hollywood studio film. But maybe that's all the risk they were prepared to take, because much of the film is quite bland. The opening number on the jammed-up freeway is an excellent idea, but all we see dancing and singing are beautiful thin young people in multi-coloured clothes fresh from the studio wardrobe. It would have been so much fresher to have old people and obese people and kids getting out of those cars and doing their own thing. But for many of the film's scenes, we only get lithe young dancers in swimsuits or dancing clothes shaking their booty. It's boring. Or rather, it's nice, but not exciting. I feel Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling are sincere in their roles as the struggling actor Mia and the earnest jazz pianist Sebastian. But they come across as very, well, pleasant. I.e. bland. They have no edge, they're not quirky. They're very WASP-ish. The film's soundtrack is nicely performed, but not that memorable. If you look at a musical like Chicago or Hairspray, there are about 10 killer songs that stay with you. Not with La La Land. I like how La La Land showcases some lesser-known Los Angeles landmarks. But the movie is also too conservative in sticking to a very rigid style. There are some tiny nods to modern times, such as Mia driving herself home from a date, and a cellphone ring getting in the way of romance. But lots of other films, such as Chef, which uses Twitter, or Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet, with its drug-gang take on a modern city, and even the semi-animated Enchanted, set in tough New York, are willing to have fun with modern technology, even while they portray traditional stories and styles. Gosling and Stone are very serious and earnest. I feel they're wrong for these roles. La La Land tries hard, but ultimately I didn't love it. I wanted to, but I didn't.

"La La Land" is a dazzling cinematic explosion made up of life, love, and music. It's a magical musical ride through an unforgettable romance that is original and brilliant. After directing "Whiplash" and now this, it is obvious that director Damien Chazelle will live on to become one of the greats. As a matter of fact, this might be even better than "Whiplash" and it seems like it will certainly become a cinematic classic over time. Although the film drips with a sense of homage, it still does not contain an ounce of cliché, which is a real relief! Reading the synopsis, it may seem like an average love story, but it manages to be unpredictable. The depiction of the conflicts that arise during a relationship is reminiscent to Jean Vigo's masterful classic "L'Atalante", and this film deserves to be compared to such masterpieces, because it IS a masterpiece! It is not only a masterpiece of cinema, but also of entertainment, music, humor, and drama. It is an experience that will likely be appreciated by all-everyone from high brow critics to young girls.

I've got just one word for it, "MAGICAL". 2016 has given us some amazing movies and this one is definitely in the top 5.With the most beautiful soundtrack and two of the best actors, this movie just casts a spell on you.Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone have amazing chemistry and I've loved their pairing since I've seen Crazy, Stupid, Love. The soundtrack is enchanting, Justin Hurwitz delivers the most memorable tunes of the year, City of stars being my personal favourite. Mia and Sebastian's theme and The fools who dream vocals by Emma Stone standout.After delivering Whiplash i certainly expected a lot out of Damien Chazelle and he doesn't disappoint one bit.La La Land can be deemed as One of the greatest musical of this generation and the most Romantic movie of 2016. Go and give into the magic, you won't be disappointed.

Here we are, January 2017, barely one month is past and we already have the worst movie of the year. Beside the sorry lack of continuity, poor lighting and average acting, La La Land will put to sleep in La La anyone who likes this genre except for the very loud "progressive" jazz. The person who recommended this movie to me will suffer accordingly (no promotion or raise for the foreseeable future) and will be made to pay back the money I spent for the tickets (my wife and another couple). Do I have anything good to say about it? Nahhh. I just wonder how in heaven's earth this trash got even one Oscar nomination unless they have a category for boredom inducing relevant script on two hours of celluloid. The producers must have had no budget for lighting equipment. The movie is as dark as third rate horror trilogy. Talk about a spoiler - here is one - I spoiled 2 hours trying to stay awake with some success. And IMDb shows 8.3 rating? Is this another case of "alternate reality"??? Save your money for a good movie.

I've always been a fan, not just of fine acting in a movie, but of well written movie as well. In both instances La La Land does not disappoint. From the opening scene to the end credits, La La Land is one of the most Thought provoking, emotionally fulfilling, and romantic films in recent memory. The pacing is perfect. The acting and writing so good, that the movie seemed a lot shorter than it's actual run-time (around two hours). Yes, it's that good.It's funny too, because Jazz is one of my least favorite musical genres. However, this did not adversely affect my enjoyment of the film one bit. It was simply Sebastian's passion (Ryan Gosling) as Mia's (Emma Stone)was acting. This film has won many awards and deservedly so. It's not by accident that the scores on IMDb, Rotton tomatoes, and metacritic are off the charts. I understand that universal acclaim does not guarantee that one will enjoy this film, as I myself have seen films in the past that were wildly popular that I did not enjoy as much as the majority. But the fact of this films success should grab your attention at least.I guess what it comes down to is whether you like Musicals with original songs that are actually memorable long after the movies over. Or whether you enjoy an intelligent movie that's well written and executed to near perfection. Or if you enjoy the work of Emma Stone or Ryan Gosling. Because if you like all or only some of the above things than your almost assuredly going to enjoy La La Land!

Yes, "La La Land" is a perfect movie and it's destined to be a classic in my opinion. I went to see it last night and I had to go back today because I kept thinking about it and humming the songs. This is a perfectly crafted film, I have only have positive things to say about "La La Land", the movie I needed all year long. Just by watching the trailers I could smell something special with the amazing cinematography and the beautiful music. No need to say the movie exceeded my expectations. The casting of Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling is simply genius, I heard rumours that they initially had Miles Teller in mind for this movie, but it wouldn't have been the same without Gosling/Stone. This is the third movie with them together as the leads, with the underrated 'Crazy Stupid Love', and the disappointing 'Gangster Squad'. You can tell they were made for this musical, even though Ryan Gosling is not a natural born singer, the performance and the dance numbers wouldn't have been the same without their chemistry. Pretty sure Emma Stone is a lock for Best Actress.Obviously, the production design and the visuals are breathtaking, this is a movie I'm going to watch over and over again for the musical numbers. Most of the times it feels like you are watching a dream and I think this is exactly what Chazelle was aiming for, he succeeded at every level. The synergy between the music, the colours, the camera-work, the editing, the costumes and of course Gosling/Stone made this experience incredibly unique. There is also a lot of layers to 'La La Land', the story was essential to bring those numbers alive. Without spoiling anything, the ending was beautiful.I was not a fan of 'Les Misérables' and 'Chicago', but 'Singin in the Rain' and 'The Sound of Music' are the best musicals ever made. La La Land deserves a place among them, of course we will give the movie some time to breathe, but to me this already is a classic. There's so many things I have to say but I will let the smarter people talk about it. It's funny, engaging, beautiful, don't miss it!10/10

There hasn't been a great musical, in my opinion, in almost 30 years, but Damien Chazelle delivers an absolute masterpiece of a musical with La La Land. La La Land gets back to the basics of why we love musicals as La La Land feels like Singin in the Rain, West Side Story, Silk Stockings, The Band Wagon, Carousel, and so many other musicals which we all love and cherish. La La Land is unique though as it has it's own voice on how life really goes(also never has their been an opening scene where people are dancing on cars in a long shot, something so new and innovative in musicals, an amazing shot). Life is not always peaches and cream, as this is a musical which will make you smile, smile so much, and it will make you cry for joy and it will make you sad at the end because we don't always get what we want in life as La La Land so cleverly demonstrates. La La Land shows the truth about how auditions go sometimes, and it gives the viewer a first hand look at how difficult it can be for two people to date in the entertainment industry (as why you see some actresses in real life date men outside of the entertainment industry, and vice versa). Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone's chemistry is so beautiful, you smile, laugh and cry every time you see them together in this film, it reminds you of a Rogers/Astaire dynamic, the stuff dreams are made of. It's been so-so-so long since there has been chemistry this good in a musical. Emma Stone has shown the audience what a great actress she is and that she is here to stay. Gosling is Gosling. He's always great. You can't go wrong with the Gosling. I really get the feeling this film is going to win best picture this year at the Oscars and it will be between Amy Adams and Emma Stone for Best Actress. La La Land is a must-must see film! Go see it as soon as you can. You will fall in love with musicals all over again.

I don't usually write reviews but just can't let this pass. I am not really qualified to review this because, truthfully, I could only watch a little over 30 minutes of this hopeless mess. But here are my 30 minutes impressions: A musical with two stars who neither sing, dance or have charisma and are not really physically attractive. Unforgettable music. An opening musical number that is "been there, seen that". What most impressed me was how the car hoods buckled under the weight of the dancers.PS. I love good movie and stage musicals having worked half my life in them.

Dear Hollywood, I was looking forward to seeing La La Land with my sisters. We went and were enjoying the movie (hence the 6 rating) then...... THE ENDING...... We ALL want a happy ending! It's make believe, it's hopeful, it makes us leave the theater singing and laughing and dancing (just like when we saw Singing in the Rain). When a movie starts out with everyone singing and dancing for no reason (some complaints about this but I liked it) it's fun and uplifting. The two main characters were great together on screen, the story line was easy to follow and it flowed without dragging too long on any one part. Unless a movie is based on a real life story. . . WE WANT A HAPPY ENDING! Dear Hollywood, Please give us a happy ending on movies like this. Thank you.

Absolutely one of the best movies I've ever seen. If you like jazz, see it. If you like romance, see it. If you like crying at the end of movies, see it. Just plain see it! Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are fantastic, the music is fantastic, and I was never bored. I even bought the soundtrack right after seeing, which I've done maybe two or three times in my life. Fun fact: Ryan learned piano just for this movie, and all scenes of him playing are real. Some people may find it moves slow at times (the friend I saw it with said as much), but personally I wasn't. In addition, the end seemed a little padded, but was still fantastic. Frankly, more movies like this need to be made. This is exactly the kind of thing Hollywood needs to revitalize cinema in our current world of remakes and uninspired reboots.

At first I thought: Oh my, what if I don't like this movie?. I'm not that into musicals and the begging welcomes you with a song, but as the movie develops I could get comfortable with it. I loved the shots taken while dancing and singing most of the time, but maybe there are some flaws such as the scene of Mia's audition where she seems like floating in the black background making it look funny. I also loved the direction in which they choose to represent life how it is, it is not a happy ending story although we can get a glance at the alternative ending where Mia and Sebastian live together. The work between Emma and Ryan is wonderful, they've work before reason that assures that the connection feels real for the audience despite their first approaches are hostile in the movie, they develop very well their characters relationship. And all their work for dance, piano and singing scenes were worth it.It is very sad to see reviews with an 1/10 score, this movie doesn't deserve such a poor score. It has an amazing soundtrack, yes i would love more songs but it is not that relevant. There are not many movies such as this one nowadays, people prefer watching two hours of action spectacle without experiencing any kind of feeling.I do not say you need to love it but it is a must-watch.

I've seen quite a few movies, especially the ones that appear each year in award nominations, so I feel like I have a decent perspective. I remember Whiplash and loved it, and when I saw that this film was from the same creator, I got excited. After I watched the trailer months ago, I shared with probably everyone. I waited months for it to finally make it to theaters. I saw it right after Christmas and I had high expectations and was a little worried that wasn't going to meet them. But forget that. La La Land exceeded those far and away. I'm not a 'movie critic' so I won't try to use the fancy and eloquent review style of writing, I'll just tell it like it is. This movie is the most beautiful thing I've seen on screen, and quite possibly the most beautiful piece of performance art I've ever seen too. It's beautifully shot, the music is incredibly addictive and full of emotion, the story is timeless, and the acting (especially from the leads) is absolutely outstanding. Thank God these two ended up in these roles, because the chemistry and character of the two is simply perfect. La La Land takes you on an incredible roller-coaster that's beautiful in every way. Technically, the film is a musical, but don't let that turn you off (if that's not your thing). It makes the story twice as good. There aren't too many musical numbers and each of them is incredible, as well as important to the story. I love musicals, so that probably helped, but the point is, you're going to love this one. You fall in love with the characters, with the music, with the story, and this movie will affect you. Each of us can relate to La La Land, and the film makes me want more out of life, but at the same time it gives an incredible experience just watching it happen.

Just saw the movie & thoroughly enjoyed it. Wish I had waited for the video. I have always liked Emma Stone but feel she was miscast for this role. Not a strong musical voice but as this is maybe half a musical she survived the endeavor.The story line worked but I feel it should have had a little more money thrown at it & extended the time frame for a far better ending could have been achieved. The music score when there was one was very enjoyable & when a surprise artist made his intro & your introduced to jazz fusion it saves the movie from being a total flop and makes a memorable scene. To bad there were not more. All in all a watchable flick, once! This is not a Moulin Rouge or Phantom, trust me. Wait for the video, sorry!

Simply dazzling! A beautifully produced motion picture musical that is sure to delight audiences around the world. Ryan Gosling (Sebastian) and Emma Stone (Mia) shine brightly in this self- reflexive modern romantic film set on the backdrop of a classically composed movie musical echoing the song and dance numbers that Busby Berkeley brought to the silver screen through Hollywood studio system powerhouse Warner Bros. Summit Entertainment's La La Land will have you laughing one moment and crying the next in this roller coaster of emotions. Every aspiring professional who has the dream of a substantive career as an artist in the visual and performing arts--or just an artist in general--needs to watch this film. If you have ever been discouraged on your career path, or lack thereof, this film will aid in reigniting the flame that fuels your dreams of writing, acting, playing, or whatever your passion happens to be. Whereas many films similar to this one would have shot it as a period OR modern piece, this film is nothing short of a masterpiece that harnesses the nostalgic appeal of the classic musical with the power of modern cinematic storytelling.Best part about Damien Chazelle's La La Land? The old-school movie musical feel from the moment the film opens. From set pieces to matte paintings to the manner in which the cameras capture the story as the drama unfolds, this is both a modern story of romance and conflict and classic Hollywood musical. While some may find the cinematography, lighting, and editing to be nothing remarkable, the fact of the matter is that it required great skill and hundreds of hours of effort to capture the essence of an old Hollywood musical. To recreate a nearly extinct film genre, is an outstanding achievement in cinematic storytelling and deserves all the 9s and 10s this film is receiving from critics and fans alike. La La Land takes pages right out of the books of Busby Berkeley (Footlight Parade) and Gene Kelly (Singin' in the Rain). Such a gorgeous combination of a classically structured and choreographed musical within a modern Hollywood. And the film could have easily rested its laurels on the technical and artistic achievements alone, but the film also possesses an incredibly beautiful love story between two aspiring artists.In a modern studio system who appears all too often to be more concerned with franchise building, merchandising, theme park integration, and rebooting, this film is fresh, real, gritty, and endearing. In a climate so predisposed to the Star Warses, Harry Potters, Jurassic Parks, and Avengerses, this film brings with is a breath of fresh air that is nearly unmatched by any other film this year. While many are concerned with the lack of original stories coming out of Hollywood, may this film be a testament that masterpieces can still make their way into cinemas nationwide and not simply the art house theatre of the US' largest metro areas. Although film is a visual medium and should not rely upon the score or songs to carry the bulk of the film (i.e. Frozen), this film is very much about the music. However, unlike films that integrate music in order to cover up poorly structured and developed writing, La La Land embraces the music as much a part of the story as the writing itself. In many ways, the film plays out like music and flows like a musical score. The way the cameras moves, the editor cut, and the blocking of the characters is very much like a musical staff, like the way music is composed and performed. But at the same time, the movie is not simply about the music but about the relationship between Mia and Sebastian; and furthermore, about their aspirations for the spotlight. Solid writing and a solid score.The casting of La La Land could not have been more brilliant! Both Stone and Gosling successfully bring about that 1940s feel in a modern story. That could be due to the successes of both in 1940s era films prior. Stone in Magic in the Moonlight and Gosling in The Notebook. While both can successfully carry a period piece on their own respectively, together they are a powerhouse couple like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Their performances in this film were so incredibly natural, no real, and believable. At the same time, the actors are also very much contemporary--just like the film classic yet contemporary. Even though the audience is well aware that Stone and Gosling are anything but struggling artists, they play their respective parts so convincingly that you'd swear that we were actually watching a pair of struggling artists who do desperately want a substantive piece of that Hollywood pie. A great screenplay possesses protagonists that the audience will love or love to hate, and the characters in La La Land connect so incredibly well with classic and contemporary audiences. Inspirational. This film will help to inspire those who have a talent for storytelling, music, or writing to continue to work hard and remain dedicated to one's craft because that is the only way that a career can pay off. The moment you stop trying is the moment that the dream dies along with settling for less. Not that day-jobs aren't important. Certainly the importance of a day job is shown in the film, but it's imperative that the day job never cause an artist to sell out or give up on the dream. Day jobs should fund imaginative dreams not eclipse them. There is much to love about this film; so much so that you will likely find yourself with a desire to watch it again. This IS definitely my pick for Best Picture as we head into award season with the holidays coming to a close.

This is one of the best movies I have seen in my 62 years. How often do you hear a theater audience burst into applause in the first 5 minutes? From the spectacular opening of the film you realize that you aren't in Kansas anymore. Anything can and does happen in La La Land. The story involves a young aspiring actress (Emma Stone) who meets a jazz pianist (Ryan Gosling) who is determined to open a jazz club. It should be noted that Gosling actually did his own piano playing in the film! But it is Emma Stone who steals the show here with fabulous singing, dancing, and acting. Emma just graduated to the Great Actresses Club with this performance.The relationship between the actress and pianist has its ups and downs as they seek their dreams. There are moments so beautiful that I wept for joy. I may have to watch this movie many times. It is pure bliss.This movie is hard to describe because it has charming old-fashioned elements yet it is at the same time super-modern. But above all it has a mountain of talent, a great deal of intelligence, and a beautiful heart. You will love it.

This is a stunning beautiful film that stars Emma Stone as an aspiring actress in Los Angeles that falls for a young jazz pianist played by Ryan Gosling. They dance and sing around l.a hot spots and it is magnificent to watch. Especially a tap dance number they do in front of a Los Angeles sunset. So many of the musical numbers are so well choreographed and beautifully done. The acting is terrific Emma Stone is magnificent it feels like her story when she was young struggling to try and make it as an actress and really trying her best to become a star.You can feel her struggle to succeed. Also Gosling has a real love for jazz and feels that is dieing and wants open his own jazz club. This film has feelings of nostalgia and a dreamer quality of wanting to succeed in the arts and doing what it takes to follow your passion. The film is beautifully directed by Damian Chazelle who also did the awesome Whiplash which i loved. The music was great every scene had me just smiling the whole way through. L.A looks beautiful in this film. This is the best film of the year and will win best picture at the Oscars. 5 stars

I SAID NO NO NOONONONONONONONONNONONONONONONON. NO MORE.

Musicals don't necessarily have to have leading stars who can sing and dance. Frank Sinatra was no great dancer but managed to hold his own, Rene Zellweger was dwarfed next to Catherine Zeta, and Christian Bale's Santa Fe ballad complete with cowboy dance in Newsies is downright laughable, hell Rex Harrison SPOKE his songs rather than sing them ... BUT given incredible music we the audience can forgive a lot. That being said, it's not like Hollywood is hurting for actors who can both sing AND dance. Neil Patrick Harris and Kristen Bell both immediately spring to mind. Now if you'd paired those two in La La Land you MIGHT be able to overlook the huge glaring flaw in this musical: the fact that the music STINKS.5 minutes in I was bored ... I was supposed to be wowed with a huge musical opening number ala "All that Jazz", "Carrying the Banner", "Sweeney Todd", or "Singing in the Rain" and instead I couldn't tell you the title of the song and I couldn't have been less blown away by the opening dance number. BORING.Then we meet our protagonists and ... I couldn't care less about either of them. At 15 minutes in I was ready to bail out but I figured I should at least hear Gosling sing and see both of them dance before I called it. Man am I sorry I waited. At 30 minutes in we finally get to the first big song/dance number and it just really could not have sucked worse if it were a preschool production. If that was all the singing required, couldn't they have cast Channing Tatum? I'm sure his voice could have been auto tuned as much as Gosling's and he's an excellent dancer. Everyone made fun of Helena Bonham Carter's Ms. Lovett because of her airy nothing of a voice ... well Emma wishes she had the lung capacity of Ms Carter. Midway through the train wreck of the first musical number I couldn't take any more. If I'd seen it in a theater I'd have demanded my money back. I heard there's some good John Legend moments ... I'll just try to find them on youtube. So Hollywood casts not 1 but 2 actors who can't sing or dance worth a lick in a musical with utterly bland and completely forgettable music. How is this rated 8.6 stars? Why is this film not overwhelmingly panned by critics? Is this what passes for good from Hollywood now? Because if so they should just turn in the keys because the whole place is bound to go down in flames any second.

This movie is boring and I don't understand how it could have won awards and gotten the praise it received. The songs are nothing great. It's not funny. All it is a story of how a struggling actress and musician finally get success after they break up. What's good about that? The ending doesn't make much sense. I guess it shows how Mia's is thinking her life would have been different if they didn't break up.FINAL VERDICT: Don't waste money on this.

I really don't know what the big fuss was about this film. Admittedly it was beautifully shot and produced, the music and little dance numbers were brilliant, and it was visually stunning; the whole thing reminded me of a Chagall painting. I would say that was my favourite thing about the movie; it's all very romantic looking and stylish. However, these things were all smoke and mirrors to me, to hide the fact that the story was shallow and pretentious. It just wasn't all that interesting and couldn't hold my attention. Is it just me or do Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling just seem to play the same people in every one of their movies? I feel like they're the same no matter what roles they play (it's the same with Ryan Reynolds) as though their acting spectrum is very limited so they can't take on a wide variety of diverse roles. In a nutshell: beautifully made and visually striking, but rather uninteresting story and uninspired acting. Totally not deserving of all the Oscars.

This movie appealed to the Hollywood screenwriters and actors because it was about them, not because it was a good movie. It was disjointed and I can only imagine the producers and writers cheering themselves on and saying how they did a great job, and the out-of-touch Academy saying "This is brilliant!". It was very disappointing because we do need more WELL WRITTEN musicals, but this one was not, and was SUCH a waste of time. I will not argue, however, that Emma Stone is a very good actress.

Sorry that's all there is to it. This movie was HORRENDOUS. Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) is the reason she became famous. HE MADE HER and what does he get in the end? A broken heart because hey why not make the good guy lose. GTFO with that bs.

I watched it because it was so hyped up but personally it felt like a waste of time.It had cool shots though, which is why I kept watching till the end, 10/10 for cinematography. But I really don't know why it got nominated for an Oscar the story was mediocre at best.

I had such high hopes for this movie. I love musicals. But it was so very boring. Not sure why. Had nice sets, good effects, good dancing. But the plot seemed disjointed and I was underwhelmed by the musical numbers.All in all, lackluster.

As someone for which musicals are not all that entertaining, I can say that I thoroughly loved Grease and West Side Story. I cannot say the same for La La Land. The music is repetitive in La La Land, and quickly loses its charm. The acting is great, I'll give it that, but the story has no place being called a good one. It follows the formula of a love story: meeting, honeymoon, trials, and eventual reunion, but fails at a flowing plot. The jump cuts with the season name is lazy at best, and feels to be a lazy scenery change. The plot events don't even do anything to hide that! And the music is utterly monotonous. Clearly, it is meant to be slow, emotional, but tracks like City of Stars consist only of a few chords and fail to develop beyond that. The melodies are repetitive as well as the dance sequences being mediocre at best. For someone who enjoys classical music and jazz too, it is odd how this movie would have put me to sleep!

By seeing the trailer and the promising reviews of the film I expected to see a visual spectacle. I knew I could not expect a film that would make me think or would change my views on life. If it did it would be a pleasant surprise, otherwise it would be purely very entertaining. To my disappointment it wasn't both of them. The story of the film is really not interesting to keep watching. I was quite bored by its obvious and non-creative plot line. My last hope was a surprising plot-twist but unfortunately this didn't happen either. The plot was straightforward and meaningless. This made me think about where the high rates would come from. Was it the visuals? I think this was the best part of the film, though it wasn't that impressive that it made up for the boring plot. The acting wasn't that good either. Why were Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone chosen for this film? I suppose only for the big names. I would rather have seen actual musical stars with more entertainment experience. I don't think Gosling and Stone have a very convincing chemistry, which made the film not very romantic even though I watched it on Christmas eve with my boyfriend. But I don't know how much I can blame their performance on themselves. The dialogues just weren't very strongly written. There was no excitement or actual drama. Everything remained flat and made you not care about the characters at all. On top of that the characters were already too cool and flawless from the beginning of the film so there wasn't too much character development. In the end I still give the film a 7 because it was still a bit entertaining to watch, the visuals and locations were nice and the editing was quite good. For me this was an average film watching experience.

This may be the best movie I've ever seen. It brilliantly uses the trappings of 1940's and 50's movie-musicals to make something entirely unique. I have only seen a few of those movie musicals, but this made me want to watch all of them. The movie uses a fairly unique form of nostalgia, so that those who love the old movies want to watch them, but those who don't know the old movies want to track them down. I saw it with a friend who, while he likes stage shows, hates movie musicals, and he loved it. Usually, movie musicals feel like the directors are trying to decompress a stage show, with most of the energy of the stage being lost in the process. This is absolutely not the case with this movie. I don't think I've ever seen a movie with this much energy. This movie also does something that all all fiction should do: it tells a story in a way only that medium can. It uses the locations, the costumes, and the subtle symbolism that would be lost in any other medium. First, if you can see it on a big screen, do so. I usually wind up checking my watch or looking at the curtains or thinking about something not involving the theater when I see something on the big screen, but not with this one. The format of the big screen is used to its best here. The big dance numbers feel grand, and the quiet character moments feel personal and affecting. This is to the credit of cinematographer Linus Sandgren, who should win best cinematography, hands down.The direction of the movie is absolutely astounding. There are many sequences without any spoken (or sung) dialogue that are among the highlights of the movie. I don't know anyone who can do show-don't- tell as well as Damien Chazelle. A lot of character is also reflected in the truly stellar costume designer, Mary Zophres. Not only does these costumes look really, really good, but they are an important indicator of character. For example, the costume we first see Seb in clearly shows the audience that he's really into retro.I would be remiss to review this show and not discuss the jaw- dropping score. The songs are all excellent, with lovely, jazzy melodies by Justin Hurwitz and witty lyrics by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul. There aren't many of these songs (there's a story reason for that), but they're all gems. I would especially like to call out the final (sung) song, The Fools Who Dream. The melody is somewhat melancholy, but very sweet. The lyrics are witty, with a twinge of sadness. I will talk more about singing and acting later, but this is the song where Emma Stone gives her all. This is also the rare movie where I notice the instrumental score, also by Mr. Hurwitz. It uses recurring themes (or leitmotifs, if you will) absolutely stunningly. Mia and Sebastian's Theme is never sung, but it was one of the songs that I was humming on my way out of the theater. Mandy Moore (no, not that one) takes these tunes and choreographs them with suitably retro sensibilities. This film has drawn many comparisons to Singing in the Rain, and her choreography is a good piece of why. Also, tap dancing. I never get sick of tap dancing.The actors all knock it out of the park, particularly Emma Stone. The movie is tightly focused on Mia (Ms. Stone) and Sebastian (Ryan Gosling), but the smaller characters are all good. Ryan Gosling plays this role with elegance and arrogance, prickliness and sensitivity. However, he is eclipsed by Emma Stone. Her role is somewhat underwritten, but you wouldn't realize it unless you were staring at the script. Ms. Stone can express more emotion with a slight movement of her eyes than her peers can with their whole bodies. She takes the character and makes her a person in ways the script really doesn't. I will be absolutely shocked if she doesn't win Best Actress in February. The one point of the movie that has some technical flaws is the singing, but I think it's justified. If you are looking to this movie for Big Broadway Belts, you are looking the wrong way. This movie has a quieter style to its singing that works very well. As for the leads, they aren't perfect, but they suit the material they sing. I did not expect Mr. Gosling to sing like that. His singing voice is very unique. Maybe not the greatest technique in the world, but it's very jazzy and distinct. Ms. Stone spends much of the musical singing in her sweet (but slightly breathy) head voice and falsetto, but, as her final song proves, she can also belt. All of the singing is incredibly expressive. The two leads also have glorious chemistry. Every conversation, every dance break, every glance from across the room is believable, and you want these two together the moment they interact. If you like musicals, if you like Emma Stone, or if you care about movies, you should absolutely watch La La Land.

I waited for the DVD and now I want to sell it. This musical was so boring. It is not a cinematic treasure or sun-drenched masterpiece. It is boring. The story is not a story really, just boring. Besides the lack of a story, the characters are boring. I like Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone in other roles but they were clearly out of their element in this musical. Simple fact: they cannot sing or dance. WTF? Plus the dance scenes are so pitiful, so short and so few it is a wonder they were featured in commercials. Did the two even try to learn to dance and sing? I long for the days of the musical film Chicago with Catherine Zeta-Jones and Renee Zellweger. Catherine is a singer and dancer but Renee wasn't but she learned and she did a good job. Even Richard Gere was a great pick for that film. Hollywood needs to find that casting director and hire them for the next musical.

First of all, this movie is not a complete musical. There is a lot of singing and dancing but the movie has a lot of normal dialog as well. The opening scene is very neat and is basically one long shot that takes place on the LA freeway, with everybody singing and dancing. It has nothing to do with the rest of the movie though.I liked how the opening also had the "Filmed in Cinemascope" at the beginning. That gave you that "old school" feeling right away. There were many great locations in the movie that make you want to travel to LA and just hang out in jazz clubs. Speaking of Jazz Clubs, I really liked how J.K Simmons had a small role at the jazz club, considering he played a jazz instructor in WHIPLASH. I really love the chemistry between Mia (Emma Stone) and Sebastian (Ryan Gosling). It was such a nod to the old Hollywood classics. Emma is such a wonderful actress and captivating on screen. She will probably be playing great roles for many years to come. The ending was actually very very well done and had a bittersweet twist to it. Finally, at the VERY end, they show the words "THE END" which also bring back great memories of movie watching days gone by.

After seeing this 'movie' and reading the reviews, one can only assume that their are two very different types of audiences out there. One truly is from "La, La, land" and the other is scratching their collective heads wondering what the LaLa'ers have been smoking. 10 seconds in you should know if you are the fly enamored with the bright light or if you are the observer wondering why the fly is so easily amused.
