
I get why the numerous nominations and I get why some people were disappointed by the lack of storytelling.First things first - the cinematography is stellar and poetic. You could pause the movie every 5 seconds and get a stunning photograph. The long takes simply got me.Secondly - yes, there is no epic story here. And you know what? That's exactly how things are in life. This is what this movie is all about - the silent drama of the boring lives we, normal people, go through as we sit on time's sidelines. In the grand schemes of things, we don't matter. Just as Cleo's drama doesn't matter to anyone except her. She's all alone with her struggles, just as we all are.

This movie is great if you like, nay, if you love camera panning. There is so much panning,
it's truly fantastic. Very artistic. 90 degrees, 180 degrees, once even 450 degrees!! Oh and tracking also. Panning and tracking, tracking and panning, panning and tracking galore. And just when you think "wow, this panning has been so great and so abundant, they can't possibly squeeze in any more!" well, right at that moment you're in for a treat. No spoilers, you will need to see for yourself what treat I mean. Oh, there's also a story in there somewhere about a middle class family in the Mexico in the 70s, marital problems and a Mixtec indigenous live-in household help. But I truly don't think any of that is really relevant to the movie, at least not as much as the panning.

I really had to force myself to watch this movie on Netflix, in three times, each "session" lasting as long as I could, before I started to drift off. I knew I was in trouble from the opnening scene of a symmetrically tiled floor being washed. Interesting it wasn't, but for sure it lasted a very long time. The unexciting opening credits were followed by disconnected episodes in the life of a large family and their two maids. Apologies to the politically correct police, but for a while I could not distinguish one maid from the other. After a while I learnt one was Cleo and the other Adela.We focus on Cleo, who gets pregnant by an "inconsiderate" lover (understatement of the year). In the meantime, Sofia, the lady of the house is dumped by her doctor husband for a younger model. Sofia must take care of their four kids on her own, but does not seem quite up to the task. All this slightly soap-opera drama is seen from a distance, dialogues are boring and few and far between. There is no building of tension or plot development.Other than this being filmed in black & white to offer a political statement of some sort, there is nothing that strucks me as genuinely moving. As a commercial operation, it's certainly the perfect Oscar bait. Yet another Mexican director will bag the big prize and everybody will be righteously happy that justice prevailed.... I mean, that the best film won the prize it deserves...or whatever

After forcing myself to watch this film to the end I just cannot understand the positive comments concerning the film. The film had no interest for me, I felt no emotion, I felt nothing. Someone mentioned the Emperor's New Clothes !!!. After seeing the BAFTA awards and some of the comments I think I have to admit to myself that I know nothing about film art and must be a complete moron on the subject. Some excellent nominations this year and they pick this film. I cannot remember watching a film that had so little interest for me. I have studied the positive comments and still cannot understand why it is claimed to be so good.
Please someone agree with me.

The cinematography is not bad but the lack of story and everything else makes it a dull and flat movie easy to forget. Personally a waist of my time.

I sincerely tried to get into this movie. I was honestly bored throughout the film. I loved the camera work and get what this was going for. I just could not get invested as much as I wanted to. Not a bad movie. Just not keeping me tuned in. Although I do say again Cinematography was very nice throughout the film.

As I said. A movie about my grandmother just walking around her house and doing the loundry, cleaning the dishes or crying about her lost husband would be less boring than this movie. This is my first review ever and I wanted to say that I don't understand what's really the point of this movie. Very slow, showing only trivial events. Please don't waste two hours of your life with this movie.

For the most part, watching Roma was about as interesting as watching paint dry...but not just *any* paint, but the most perfect, precious, beautifully applied paint imaginable. And not just paint in any room, but a room designed to be the best room with the best lighting and the best layout...and, oh, this was paint drying under high humidity conditions so you needed to watch the paint dry in a single, long-flowing take to appreciate the reflective nuances of the paint in all its evolving glory and often from unusually low angles of perspective since that yields special visual treats. Best Director. Best Cinematography. Best Paint Job. Ultimately not engaging.

Every now and then a movie comes along that reviewers who want to appear sophisticated and "in the know" feel compelled to heap all kinds of praise upon. This is one of those movies. Boring, slow, tedious, and lame don't begin to describe it. Hate is a strong word, but it is the only appropriate one to describe my feeling towards this waste of film. I honestly don't see how any real human being could like or enjoy this movie, and I suspect that very few actually did, despite their phony reviews.

Absolutely zero plot and wholly unlikable/uninteresting characters. The main character had no spine, and clearly, no drive to succeed. Also, possibly the most boring movie I have ever seen. Not sure how it's up for a Best Picture Oscar, as it wouldn't be in my top 30 of this year.

This movie represents perhaps the greatest fraud ever perpetrated on the Oscars and the Baftas. It's selection is entirely Political and political and like the "times up" and "me too" movement last year or indeed the under-representation of BME winners the year before its elevation to greatness is based on the latest or "worthy" fashion trend. I am disgusted and betrayed that organisations whose raison d'etre is to recognise and promote excellence in the film industry would allow themselves to be so hood-winked and tainted by this calumny.I will now analyse this movie in detail under 7 headings.1, The Memories, The Director Alfonso Cuaron states the movies is a collection of his memories and the women who reared him. For this approach to have any meaning for the viewer the memory recalled must be either of emotional or historical significance to the formation of a specific character. No character had discernable definition, no emotion was conveyed and a memory of dog excrement or bad driving, disappearing bookcases or fireworks is of insufficient weight to convey meaning. I would go further that in the mundanity and rambling progression of this movie the "events" inserted were so contrived to provide a catalyst that I laughed in exasperation.2, The Characters, there was no character definition to define any specific character, there was no script to speak of to attach to any character that would display an emotional inner world, history or future. Moving from room to room cleaning and turning off lights is not acting, if it were so I would have earned at least two Oscars this morning. We were just shown the mundanity of feckless acts by ugly people who we cared not whether they lived or died. I vote for the latter. I had to laugh when the Director stated he went through countless villages auditioning thousands of women to find his "Cleo", my cleaner is available anytime WTF!3. The Corpus Christi Massacre, this was handled as a side-issue or even a non-issue, there was here finally a chance to say something by the Director, and yet the whole event was diluted by shopping for a cot and Cleo's waters breaking. If I were to choose a comparator perhaps it would be the absence of the French Revolution in a Jane Austin novel despite it occuring as a backdrop. The device of inserting incidents, the fireworks, the abandonment, the near drowning were introduced as catalysts for plot development but literally nothing followed, leading to frustration for the viewer. Any successful drama is the compression of reality over conflict here the drama was displayed practically in real time and therefore there was no compression and hence no drama.4. Toxic Masculinity, wow the same old cards, all men are losers, all men abuse and abandon women, the "fictional" sisterhood in a domestic setting (no such thing), the underpinning of a pseudo-reality where only women can be compassionate, only women own up to the responsibilities of child rearing. Give me a break, this is not toxic masculinity but strident feminist misandry with an agenda. There was nothing new here in this movie that wasn't said 20 years ago, and what there was handled badly. This movie was a setback for any feminist principles and they should be ashamed.5, The Cinematography, the black and white just underpinned a dreadful black and white world. Yes the tonal qualities of the images were good, but cinematography is a vehicle for the story and drama before us, much of its was delivered like a series of postcards, the camera moved with a lack of variety. Overall this was style over substance and certainly not worthy of an Oscar when compared to the Favourite or Bohemian Rhapsody.6. The Simplicity, we had lengthy views, panoramas, cleaning, driving , marching, water, the seaside, fireworks etc etc. So what! How does this entertain me in of itself, the answer is it doesn't. There was no tension or dramatic impetus, it had the feel of a screensaver or watching a spider build a web. Interesting for a minute and then what next. Within a movie ever image much add to the plot, this series of images had no meaning or profundity and thus we just didn't care.7. The Score, these was no score we just had the irritating and haphazard sounds of humanity.In our age film is the new high-art of the 21 century, when news and opinion cannot be trusted film becomes pre-eminent in its power to shape and form public discourse. The Oscars and Baftas matter and the selection of this movie for honour brings these organisations into disrepute at a time when we all need to believe in the honest intentions of "experts".If there was an Oscar to be handed out it would go to Borras the dog as he told us in the yard repeatedly what he thought about this movie and he was right.

Was ready to see a great story beautifully told with the best cinematography. Started by being bored with 5 minutes watching water on concrete for the credits. And that more or less summarises the movie. No story, just scenes of this maid cleaning, getting predictably pregnant. Doesn't deserve a chocolate medal!

So boring and unremarkable. I've seen commercials on TV with better plotlines. Tries to be artsy and cutting edge. Just a waste of time and film.

Once again The Elites of Hollywood force another crappy movie onto the world. Watching paint dry was more entertaining this straight to video movie. If only we had a wall, this could have been prevented.

If you decided to make a film based on "a year" in someone life, at least choose someone who is interesting. Very boring movie, no story line, no drama, no acting skills, a lot of scenes is very long and have no meaning at all. If this movie will end up getting high rates, I will actually "create" a movie about myself were half of the scenes is me climbing the stairs, other half staring at nothing...

About as entertaining as watching paint dry. As others said I forced myself to watch it as it was so critically acclaimed. By who?! Boring and depressing. Thank goodness it did not get the Oscar for best film.

10/10 because he captures a plane flying over some blokes head ??? Really??? I swear 90% of this film is just of people either doing household chores or travelling from one place to another.... yes, it's beautifully done, but I'm just glad Netflix has a 10 second fast forward button...As for the '"sad" story itself, I just felt nothing - no emotion what so ever. I've cried a lot during films, but any tears here, were just out of boredom.1 word summary. Overhyped.

I watched this because of all the Oscar hype. I found it extremely boring, parts unconnected, and of no redeeming value. It's about a maid who gets knocked up by a rotten guy. She works for a doctor who ends up leaving his wife... and has a dog that craps in the carport. There are scenes that make no sense. Perhaps this is a stinker because it's in Spanish with English subtitles... the problem with that is that the viewer has no idea who is saying what. In short... if I never see this movie again it'll be too soon.

This movie is so slow, odd and boring that wathing the lawn grow is a thrill! Yes, the camera work is probably nice. But that's it.
I really don't understand the fuzz. It's a horrible story with nothing to keep me interested at any point. Sorry to say..

This is by far the movie that has frustrated me the most. A movie is supposed to be digital storytelling, I repeat STORYtelling. If a movie has no plot and no direction then what is the point other than if you enjoy watching people walk around and talk senselessly for hours in black and white. Yes it's pretty and the cinematography is more than there, but that's not what you rely on to create a movie, especially when that's all that's there. Overall this is a lazy attempt at movie making that somehow surpassed the academy and has duped them into handing them awards for it. You can't film people doing pointless things for 2 straight hours, include no plot, slap a title on there, and call it a movie.

I'm completely disappointed in this movie. It is literally so boring that I fell asleep during it. How did this win a single award? The black and white just made it worse. This is the biggest let down, all hyped up for nothing.

15 minutes and totally sleep, very bad movie, in my opinion pure marketing
What happens in this business? Think that public is smart, and won't go with just this bad strategy
Very bad for Netflix!!!

3 Óscars... Really?
This is one of the worst movies I have seen..

With all the rave reviews I can only imagine that there has been a sophisticated hacking of IMDB by someone who would benefit. Having watched this boring nothing of a movie I totally agree with all the one star raters. Pretentious bilge.

This boring film was up for Movie of the Year? This movie won Best Foreign Film? It just proves than the film industry is nothing but a bunch of pretentious snobbish bores. Do NOT waste your time on this 2 hour + movie about nothing!

I just finished watching Roma and I am perplexed! I hated it!! I kept waiting for something wonderful to happen and it never did!! I did not like the story, the acting was mediocre, the cinematography was boring, it left me totally wanting something grand to appear and it never did. A total waste of time!! I did not get the title, Roma, until I read it in review that the story took place in a neighborhood of Mexico City! It wasn't mentioned in the movie!! This was my opinion, like it or not.

I don't get the appeal of this film. It is slow moving and boring. The black and white cinematography is good, but that's about it. Some great closeups of the tile floor she is mopping, if that's your thing.

I am so disappointed to know that this piece of non sense no story movie has won an Oscar. Shame shame shame.

As a big fan of Alfonso Cuarón's "Y tú mamá también" this was an eagerly anticipated Saturday night form of entertainment. Unfortunately this turned out to be an overly pretentious black and white cinematic letdown. Not only was the plot extremely depressing but I personally felt that men were being unfairly represented in the movie. I'm all for gender equality but not all men are guilty of violence and sexism on this planet. Another opportunistic move to jump on the #metoo movement from film directors to try to rectify the past. Don't be fooled by the early reviews, I've just wasted 2 hours of life on this.

What a disgrace to give the Oscar to this director. Nothing about this film is worthy of any award- not acting, not cinematography, not editing. If you want a sleeping pill, look no further

The ONLY reason we decided to watch a black and white movie with subtitles was due to the awards received. The ONLY reason we watched until the end was due to the awards, thinking that certainly it will improve. It's SO slow moving that anything that seems like it might turn dramatic, like a tire rolling over dog pooh, had us anticipating some kind of major drama. But it was just a shot of a tire rolling over dog pooh. That's basically how the whole movie goes. Mexico is so beautiful and colorful, not filming in color was a huge mistake.The dark video and very poor audio meant we were basically just reading a story while trying to decipher which character was talking.If this movie is worthy of any award, the movie industry is in very sad shape.

The cinematography is good. But it has a flimsy plot. It's boring. The characters are uninteresting. Its one if the worst films I have ever seen. If only Netflix had spent the 24 million dollars to help the homeless instead of using it to promote this terrible film!

I cant understand the good critics and the Oscars?!??

Like the title says... indifferent and boring but Alfonso Cuaron it's very clever to understand that the anti-Trump mania that has take over Hollywood the last couple of years will make a black & white movie about the other side of the "wall" (that he wants to build), will be a big hit. And it did. For you people in the USA (and the Academy) maybe it's important for the rest of the world it's..... indifferent and boring!!!

Very boring. I didn't get why did people nominate this movie.

Had to be slowest movie I have ever watched. All along am wondering when the plot would be showing up? Girl gets knocked up, biological is a louse, baby doesnt make it.Why did Fermin come in store shooting, what was that about?Okay she has a cathartic moment at beach where the she should have let the rat kids drowned. So what

I cant understand whay the critics love this movie?! For what?! Its Cinematography?! Oh c'mon, do you look for a documentary and music video or A MOVIE?! Lack of storyline, boring dialogues (i mean dialogues without any purpose) and ..... .
Positive point: Cinematography
Negative point : Whole movie.

A 2 hour movie of a white wall of paint drying would be a cinematic masterpiece compared to this film.

Pretentious boring film. Like every year something wins 20 oscars for nothing. Awful

Slow, tedious panning. Every shot lingers 30 seconds too long--yeah I see the thing you are showing me. Yeah, I still see it, sitting there. Thanks, that's long enough. There are too many scenes with screaming kids, too many crowd scenes with everyone talking at once. Drunk adults randomly shooting guns. More slow tedious panning. Taxidermy heads of all the household dogs mounted on the walls--gross. There is nobody to care about in this film, except to hate their lives. I do not get it, and I'm mad at myself for wasting my time.

First, I think Alfonso Cuaron is a good director. But this is one of those films that tries to impress you with how boring it is. Even my Mexican wife, who loves any film, actor, character, or TV show having to do with Mexico, was bored to tears by this.It's textbook pretentious filmmaking. Nothing to grip you. Nothing to keep you interested. No mystery. No wonder. No real characters. No real tension.It looks no better than a higher budget film school experiment.No one will remember this film in five years. It will not be talked about. It will not be seen. It will become one of the many, many forgotten films that some pretentious director suckered a bunch of pretentious people into thinking they liked because it's slow and boring...but that's artsy, I guess.

Was this a joke? After nearly two hours of my life i stopped it. Nothing and really nothing happened in this movie.
The only thing that I agree is one point concerning the human dramtical side. But to show the story in two hours and 15 minutes in black and white it could have been cut for at least two hours.
This movie is a good way to fall asleep and not for one reason more. How is it possible that it has been nominated for best direction? Stay away you won't regret it. too overrated. Read carefully all the critics here and you will understand.
1 star just for the pregnant wife who played her role perfectly.

I understand why this movie is a work of art. I just don't know why it is a work of cinematic art. We are watching cinema, not video art.Underlying cinema is a story. The story has characters, that represent the complexity of the human condition - they have hopes, disappointments, successes and failures. They have different traits.Roma is a work of visual art. It has no story that captivates you. It has no characters that have any real sense of depth or complexity. If it's leading actress wins the Oscar it will be a shame. She was just a doll in Cuarón's autobiography.In a nutshell - it is boring.The leading movie critic in israel called it one of the most important movies of the century.I think the "king has no clothes".

I would give any movie with showing a dick 1.. come on, it's disturbing to watch a full front naked man jumping up and down, movie makers need to respect our Eyes and raise above this need of attraction. Art my ass!

Nothing special, nothing artistic, nothing worth to watch!
I wasted 2 hours of my life!

This is my first review ever on IMDB. I'm so disappointed I've actually wasted 2 hours of my life watching this. I guess the only interpretation why this film got those number of awards is that the Mexican Mafia did a really good job !!

Two questions;What has the title 'Roma got to do with the story?
What had the two astronauts in space got to do with the story?I do not even need to mention that I regret wasting my 2 hours trying to understand what was going on in this movie.

The only things I got from this film is that life is a hierarchy of despicability. Males are despicable. Rich people are despicable. White people are despicable. Some have multiple despicabilities. At the top of the heap is the White, rich male.

The movie was very disappointing and a waste of time!

Even If u have no job and have a time to watch this movie listen to me ! don't make this mistake, I usually watch black and white movies And I like kind of slow motion movies but this is so overratted it has no story at all . I won't watch this netflix movie again

2 stars because I was really interested in seeing how much poop the dog would leave behind each time they showed the garage.

No masterpiece needs a campaign that costs 30 million to win best picture....

I can see where this film is going, but I only made it through 20 minutes - 5 minutes of that were the opening credits. It is soooo dull. The slow panning of every shot will drive you insane and shouting the the screen to just move!! I'm sorry, but this is only for people with PhD's in fine art or slow deaths.

The story of Cleo and her 'family' might hit a sensitive chord for many viewers who grew up not just in Mexico but in any Third-World country, maybe not just in the 70s but probably the 80s or early 90s.By no means am I depriving the story from its cultural core but it was Roger Ebert who said: "The more specific a film is, the more universal, because the more it understands individual characters, the more it applies to everyone." Still, it's not just about the characters, I could relate to the context as well on a superficial but still deeply personal level.Coming from a middle-class family of Morocco, we also had these girls who came from poorer backgrounds (generally rural areas) and whose treatment would look a bit like slavery from a European/"Western" standpoint. The term wouldn't be appropriate though as they were paid, certainly not mistreated and in most cases were considered like members of the family. Not all the ladies of the house treated them with respect but they were often loved by the kids as sister-figures or even surrogate mothers. I was practically raised by the same 'dada' from the age of 4, she dressed me, woke me up, cleaned me till I was 8 (my daughter does it alone since she's 3) and well, she was part of my life and I miss her a lot.I could relate to the story of Cleo and I was glad that the film didn't take the predictable "clash of the classes" path: having her fired, being rejected or ending as a prostitute in some brothel of Mexico City... Cuaron is above these tiresome archetypes and his intention is clearly to take the opportunity of a nostalgic voyage through his childhood to show people with a strong capability of caring and being empathetic regardless of their origins or social backgrounds. And Cleo, played with mesmerizing naturalness by Yalitza Aparicio, is obviously a girl to inspire the very feelings she exudes: she loves the children she saw growing up since the cradle, she's devoted to her "Signora" Sofia, played by Marina de Tavira, and she values her luck to be part of that world... she knows she could have been unluckier.It's also interesting that Cleo isn't conventionally good-looking, not in a glamorous Hollywood sense anyway, and her petite frame and youthful face illuminated with a wide smile accentuate her vulnerability. She incarnates a sort of third world within the third world, like an extra layer of fragility making her the perfect target for the kind of troubles no upper class European looking girl would get herself into. Though the film is overarched by the social and political context of Mexico circa 1970-71, I didn't feel like Cuaron tried to make some social commentary, maybe it's just a character study of a woman who could only depend on the kindness of strangers, like Blanche Dubois, but is able to find some inner strength to overcome a blind (but not malicious) adversity if not triumph over it.And indeed, in her harrowing journey (that doesn't follow any pattern of cinematic predictability), it's less in what happens to her than the reactions it inspires. The film is less driven by plot points but the way people react and reactions to their reactions... or non-reactions for that matter. There is an interesting scene where a Karate master shows a trick that looks extremely easy until it's done with closed eyes, I don't know if it was supposed to symbolize one of the film's underlying messages, but it's true that many things that happen are due to people's obliviousness, carelessness or lack of empathy. And near the end, both Cleo and Sofia realize they had more in common than they would have thought, adversity strikes everyone... only in different ways. Blind again, but not malicious.What I liked in "Roma", besides its realism, is the fact that it doesn't just try to depict a slice of life but Life with a major L, providing sights often suggested but rarely shown in the movies. Indeed, the film contains many graphic sequences including a naked male body (and I'm sorry to say that it's more distracting for me than a woman's... maybe because the thing "moves"... chuckles) and one that shouldn't be spoiled but that had me almost gasping with tears because it was the moment where many aspects of an editing that demanded some patience from us finally paid off, and I knew I had to expect a high spot of emotionality sometime in the film. Cuaron's "Roma" (whatever the title means) is truly daring by showing life and death with the same clinical detachment from his lenses, one that also shows in the climactic scene, hinted by the poster.Now, I wanted to give he film a 10 because it has reached a cinematic level of perfection I rarely found in a movie but sometimes its beauty just feels so deliberate it becomes sophisticated. The film benefits from Alfonso Cuaron's perfect command of the camera (we're obviously talking of the Oscar-winner for Best Cinematography and maybe Best Director) but the cinematography tends to steal the story's thunder and compromises the film's attempt to be a realistic portrait of a Mexican's slice of life in the 70s in an atmosphere of love devoid of the cynicism we get from today's dysfunctional families. The children in the film are not only adorable but played with an authentic simplicity and since so many directors said it was a nightmare to direct children, Cuaron deserves a credit for that too.So It's precisely because the story is so well told and well acted that I wished it wouldn't be so well directed... though I approve the choice of the black-and-white for no other reason that it gives the film a sort of dreamy aura fitting its nostalgia.Overall, "Roma" is a great film with a few haunting moments.

Just saw Green Book last night and today Roma. Night and day. Entertaining and touching Grren Book versus boring and slow Roma. I made myself watch Roma but I will be sad if it wins Best Picture.

I'm 49, graduated with a four year diploma and worked in Social Work and military. I just watched about 44mins of the film and my wife and already wondered what was going on with the seemingly long intro with the water. We checked in with eachother about every five mins about whether the film was delivering anything. I just now logged in and had to write this. I'm with the most other neg. reviews. This is a boring monolithic attempt at delivering and what we were expecting an entertaining and engaging film. Nope. More like Coma.

I would have given it 0 star, but you can not.
The movie was very disappointing and a waste of time!
I cant understand the good critics and the Oscars?!??, they were paid, is the only explanation.

I want to be entertained. Why do critics forget why movies are made. Comedy or tradegy have a plot. Create characters we care about. Black and white very nice. Recreation of 1970's Mexico very well done. Does it deserve best picture? No. Does it deserve my time? A hard no.

After sitting patiently through mop water and car tires navigating. I was just relieved it was over, and I wish I could get my time back. Artsy, but it ruined our night. The plot comes to a surprisingly uneventful ending that left us wondering what just happened. The answer is, nothing. I'm not sure which movie the critics were watching to give it such a high rating.

This movie was incredibly boring. I am mystified at all the hoopla over this. It has just won a BAFTA award on that venue. My spouse grew up in Mexico .She loved the people in Guadalajara.Her life there, 50s-60s, was far more interesting than this film. She thought it was boring too. Not our cup of tea I guess.

A film about nothing, i mean, which part of the whole story is remarkable enough to make a movie about it? It´s just filled with a lot of unnecesary scenes, that doesn´t have impact on the storyline. For example, the earthquake scene (doesn´t even count as a spoiler), what is the point of it? Nothing happens after it, it is just for doing a camera panning? Like that one, there are at least 8 thinhs that happens in the movie with cero impact. It is really frustrating, you finally see something is going to happen, and five seconds later, nevermind nothing happened.
Amazingly boring story, i´m having a hard time imagine how people enjoyed this, besides of the camera work, and the cinematography, which in my opinion, is just not enough.

Mild spoilers - although given this film had barely any plot, that doesn't mean much!This is the first review I've been moved to write on imdb, because I've never seen such a massively over-rated film in all my life. For the first 10-15 minutes I thought that it could have potential. It was certainly beautifully (if a little pretentiously) shot, and the character of Cleo seemed a sympathetic and relate-able protagonist. It took more than an hour of waiting in vain for something to happen, before it began to slowly dawn on me that it never would.The film is far too long, with massively over-indulgent lingering shots throughout.
However, my biggest complaint was the script, it became clear the writers has decided to entirely abandon every convention which normally makes a story compelling: no character development, virtually no dramatic tension (and what little there was seemed quickly forgotten) and no plot resolution or catharsis. It was as though the writers had a load of ideas, but instead of properly developing a few good ones they just threw scraps of them all into the film and hoped they'd hang together.For the entire length of the film, every time there seemed to be some potential for drama or character development the scene would simply change. For example (here comes the mild spoiler), at one point a forest fire starts near to the house where the main characters are staying. "Fire!" shout the men outside and everyone grabs buckets of water and rushes to deal with it. An opportunity for dramatic tension, I think! What's going to happen? Is someone going to get hurt? Maybe one of the children runs away? Possibly while everyone is distracted that groper guy will try to rape the mother? Nope - a man wearing some weird costume stands 'every so artistically' in front of the camera (with the fire beautifully framing him, of course) and starts...singing? Then, with no context or explanation he wandered away and.... Bam! Scene cuts to the children playing football somewhere and sometime entirely different. Fire never mentioned again. No explanation, no context, no development of plot or character just on to the next thing... You learn literally NOTHING about any of the characters throughout - not even the protagonist!Wrong! Just plain bad, flat writing of the worst kind! I give it 2 instead of 1 because one can't deny it looked nice, but the script barely better than The Room, with none of the charm of spoon photos!

This was just garbage! After about 30 minutes of watching the lead actress do mundane tasks like washing dishes, making up beds, turning out lights, and listening to dialog that was just meaningless, one knew that the whole Oscar nomination was just pure hype. The film goes nowhere, has no message, is a self-indulgent fantasy, and is just a pointless exercise. WARNING: If you watch this, you will lose 2 hours of your life that you will never get back!

Wanted to see what all the fuss was about, and let me tell you - record yourself washing some dishes, making some tea, go run some errands, and you have yourself a more exciting 'film than Roma. That is literally all it is. The movie is beautifully shot, the camera work and angles are a work of art I can totally understand that. However, there literally is no story. It's pretty much about life in the 70s in Mexico. I can understand it is Alfonso Cuaron's biopic of his life as a child living in these times. But not all life stories make for interesting viewing. It bore me to death I'm afraid, which is a shame because I do like Alfonso Cuaron's previous work, but this one really did lose me. I think it won all the awards for its originality, and the way it was shot is absolutely beautiful. But as a whole, the film lacked substance and failed to do what I believe films should always aim to do, and that's to entertain and engage the viewer. After all, if we just wanted to "witness" something beautiful and a work of art, we would go to the art gallery. I found the fly on my wall far more interesting than this film.

What a pile of Pooh. A shared consensus by two households who watched it independent of the other.
How this film could ever be mentioned In the same breath as the Oscars is beyond our belief.

Bo-ring.Great images.Nothing else.I love cinema. I am ok with intellectual movies. But this one really doesn't have much to offer other than great images a a bit of drama.

Wanted to see what all the fuss was about, and let me tell you - record yourself washing some dishes, making some tea, go run some errands, and you have yourself a more exciting 'film than Roma. That is literally all it is. The movie is beautifully shot, the camera work and angles are a work of art I can totally understand that. However, there literally is no story. It's pretty much about life in the 70s in Mexico. I can understand it is Alfonso Cuaron's biopic of his life as a child living in these times. But not all life stories make for interesting viewing. It bore me to death I'm afraid, which is a shame because I do like Alfonso Cuaron's previous work, but this one really did lose me. I think it won all the awards for its originality, and the way it was shot is absolutely beautiful. But as a whole, the film lacked substance and failed to do what I believe films should always aim to do, and that's to entertain and engage the viewer. After all, if we just wanted to "witness" something beautiful and a work of art, we would go to the art gallery. I found the fly on my wall far more interesting than this film.

I kindly recommend this to anyone who loves staring at nothing, through a still camera, for at least half of this film. Mister Alfonso Cuarón, the director, shows as things and people doing ordinary things without or with minimum dialog that will put you very fast to sleep. So, if you have trouble sleeping I also recommend this movie, is very efficient with no side effects.

Filming dog excrement, or dog excrement on film? Those of you with Netflix, why not teach them a lesson--and please think twice about squandering two hours to watch this garbage. It would have merited one-star, but the cinematography caused me to double its rating. Films do not have to be commercially successful to be nominated, but it's nice when word-of-mouth drives theater sales. Here, there is no word-of-mouth necessary to view something in your homes.

I went into this movie with great expectations after seeing the wonderful trailer. But I ended up hugely disappointed.The cinematography and sound mix were impeccable. The staging seemed realistic. The story even had its dramatic moments. And yet the movie left me cold.Visual movies like "The Tree Of Life" and "Baraka" move me to tears every time I see them. I think what I missed in Roma was a gripping score and a story arc. I felt like I was watching a documentary without a purpose. And while much of the black and white cinematography was beautiful, I think HDR color could have made the movie look stunning. And I feel color would have contributed to painting a realistic image of Mexico City in the seventies.I was ready to be stunned. But for me, Roma wasn't enough. It did not grip me. I will not watch this movie again.

Ignore the hype. Ignore the awards. Hell, ignore this review--just sit back and experience this film for yourself.Simply put, Roma is among the richest examples of what cinema can offer.Over the brief 134-minute runtime, we grow into a family in a patient and natural way as we live and breathe their day-to-day lives in 1970s Mexico City. The film is essentially a sequence of episodes, big or small in its impact on a family, affecting characters in different ways, and told primarily through the perspective of the housemaid, Cleo (Yalitzo Aparicio). We experience hardships, love, anger, tragedy, bliss, and even the smallest of human emotions, such as childhood naïveté. And like children, we once again embrace the details of life, from collecting hail from the ground by hand as it falls from the sky to sharing a hug as last night's rain can be heard still trickling down the gutters.Written, directed, produced, filmed, and edited by Alfonso Cuarón, this is as much a personal work as it is a testament to an artist's vision and talent. It is a historically-grounded film that comes alive with Tati-esque significance reaching every corner of the frame, with camerawork so intentional that it fills our hearts with a mother's pain, an Ozu-like story that ranges from lighthearted to cathartic, and a brilliant pattern of recurring, cyclic, familiarizing setting elements that appreciates and brings into light the reality of everyday life.Perhaps one of Roma's strongest thematic undercurrents is the perseverance of women within the societal stronghold of men. With its unapologetic display of evil deeds at the expense of women going criminally unnoticed every day, Roma is, in a way, a love letter to say that Cuarón did not forget the multifaceted strength of the women in his life (it is dedicated to his nanny and, like Fellini's Roma, was inspired by his own childhood).The film's end felt like awaking from a dream. As the lights turned on, I looked around the theater, as if we have all just transported back to our own lives. Cuarón has accomplished something extraordinary here. While much of Roma comes from the memories of childhood, it is also a film that will bring each one of us back to what movies are about. And that is the greatest mark of an exceptional film.Greatest Movies of 2018 - #130 Greatest Films of All TimeDFF41 Closing Film

I would just like to mention how this movie depicts everyday struggles of women. Especially in the scene where the martial arts trainer is showing his special trick that only Masters can do and the trainees agree and admire him after their attempt. But Cleo can do it also without any effort, which goes completely unnoticed, as well as her life strengths in general. One mans special skill as an ordinary task of average woman. It was epic.

I don't know what this thing with oscars is lately, but years back only really good movies deserved it like The Godfather.
I tried to watch this movie because yes of the Oscar. I'm not gonnalisten to that any longer.
All those movies who are getting an Oscar these days, i don't understand half of them.
So I started this movie and was waiting and waiting for wat exactly? Nothing happened!
After one I thought I'm gonna stop with this, take a nap and then google it.
Then if found out on this website that I'm not the only one with this opinion.
So I stopped after one hour and I'm glad I took that decision, had enough time to watch another movie at my free Sunday.

Took ten minutes of this movie and I was out like a baby and it usually takes a lot to knock me out because of my prescription for Adderall. I tried to watch it the next night thinking maybe I was just really tired. Well I fell asleep again and since I turned it off an hour ago I'm wide awake. It's 3:44am right now. Now that I can't fall asleep I'm going to do one more experiment and go out the movie back on. Will report back.Update: changed to a two star because there's value in something that can put you to sleep so well. I got the movie back on at 3:49 am and I was out in ten minutes. One of the bad things though is I remembered those ten minutes of the movie.

-said no one ever!
2 Stars:
1 for the cinematography,
1 because it was simply a movie!

I was waiting impatiently to watch this acclaimed movie as I love ambitious, thought-provoking dramas. My disappointment couldn't be bigger! I kept checking the watch, was not able to identify with the main character, felt no emotion, no compassion, nothing at all except for the overwhelming feeling of boredom. I guess my dog was much more interested in the movie which proves that they can see the world in black and white.
Sure, the cinematography was beautiful but that is about all. I have no idea what the point of the movie was. Hatred towards men?
I also don't believe that a normal woman could show so little emotion when losing a boyfriend, baby and - above all- fighting for lives of the kids that were in danger of getting drowned. Is she a doll or a machine?
It is hard to believe that this movie is already called "a movie of the year"and aiming for most of the prizes of the season.

Hot garbage, borrrrrring, a nothing story in a nowhere town. This movie should have been nominated for a Razzie and shown in the bathrooms at the Oscars. Just more evidence Hollywood wants to preach to everyone instead of making entertaining films.

This movie was stupid!!! Just watched it cause of the oscars so I thought it would be a good movie but I was wrong...This movie is horrible.

I was very interested in seeing this movie, having heard a lot about even prior to the Oscar buzz. However, I just did not like this movie, as much as I tried to like it. It reminded me of one of a number of films in the 1970s that attempted to show "real life" and present it as a groundbreaking feat of filmaking.While the stark black and white photography was vivid and sharp, there was absolutely no connection established between the viewer and the film's characters.The only time there was any sense of drama at all came more than halfway into the film, which involved a riot and the main character's subsequent miscarriage. Even then, both events having been broadly hinted, the viewer does not feel a sense of drama.Even the "rescue from drowning" of the two youngest children, so prominently projected it bleeds any sense of drama or suspense out of the situation, falls flat as the woman simply strides into the surf, takes their hands and walks the children out of the waves.I actually stopped watching halfway through the film the first time I sat down to see it. My second viewing was hardly more positive, but I managed to plod through it.It is one thing to watch a film based upon the suggestion of an aquaintence, but another thing altogether when a film is universally praised and exaulted to the status of an instant classic. It is as if everyone jumped on the band wagon and nobody dared question the film's quality. Really not worth the attention it is getting and the praise it is receiving.

I can't believe the pure emotion Alfonso Cuarons "Roma" got out of me.
On a technical level, this movie is as great as a movie can get.
In terms of cinematography, directing, editing, sound & art design, setting, color grading and especially performances this is beyond perfection.
Cuaron uses extremely long takes to evoke certain emotions and put you into 1970 Mexico. Unlike everything else the characters feel so real, so down to earth and so drowned by the world.And yet Cuaron manages to put some magic into his movie and the brutality of his realism. I will not spoil, but only say forest fires.
There are two more absolutely stunning, breathtaking and completely destructive scenes in the movie the had me emotionally out of my seat.
The performance by the movies main star is worth the Oscar, if anything.This is cruel cinema. Cinema at its best, but cinema that isn't easy to swallow. Objectively this is easily in the top 5 films of 2018 and it is something that you really have to watch on the big screen to appreciate all of Cuarons love for detail and symbolism.

I've seen the word immersive thrown around, and yes this is an immersive slice of life in 60s/70s Mexico City or thereabouts. You feel like you are are there and these are real people going about their lives, and you're just watching from the sidelines. Cuaron can really pull you in like that. The problem is that once you're there, it's kind of boring. Unremarkable dialogue, plot....this movie plods along and then ends and yeah you may have seen some peoples lives as they were at a particular time and place, but did you need to?Don't get me wrong, the quality of the film is top notch. Cinematography is awesome as usual. How the sound played across the room in the theater was pretty cool. Some parts here and there are really good. I understand why there are great reviews, but what we have here is a movie for cinephiles. Still better than Widows though.

Alfonso Cuarón might be my favourite living director, jesus that was brilliant. Where to begin with this masterpiece...Well - to start - 'Roma' is one of the most beautiful films of the decade, every shot is masterfully executed, blocked, framed, and detailed. Cuarón himself was the cinematographer in this project, and he did a phenomenal job. You can't help but have your jaw on the floor the entire runtime. Right from the opening shot I knew I was in for something masterful. Cuarón's signature long takes were ever prevelant here, and each was as masterful as the last. Sometimes he lingers on a subject beautifully to exentuate a point, or makes a small adjustment to a shot - giving it a completely different meaning. The symmetry and pure brilliance of every single scene sends chills down your spine. I won't spoil it, but there's a particular shot near the middle of the film involving a man singing, where Caurón plays with the contrast between background and foreground so powerfully it got even got a few tears rolling.Cuarón's visual motifs find their way across the film, tying the somewhat loose plot into a resounding and heart wrenching force. Again - no spoilers - but he uses planes, water, cars, dogs, and themes of birth and death to represent metaphorically or sometimes literally how characters feel and how their relationships to eachother are. The lead performance from Yalitza Aparicio was great, especially considering this is the first film she's ever acted in. Hats off to the casting director for plucking her out of obscurity and having her end up delivering such a resounding performance. I really hope this movie will jump start a career for her.This film is a grandmaster at the top of his game, and is breathtaking perfection from start to finish. Alfonso Cuarón returns to his Spanish roots for a passion project he's been talking about since 2006. He excercises almost total creative control by wearing a lot of hats on the production. He directed, co-produced, wrote, edited, and photographed this film. A complete 180 from his last three studio works (although some of them are masterpieces), ROMA exercises more storytelling prowess than them, and no one will be calling this film 'style over substance' no matter how beautiful it is. 'Roma' is another Cuarón masterpiece, and I'm happy that it will be seen to a vastly larger audience because of the Netflix distribution. However, that is also a double edged sword - because this is a film that is best seen on the big screen, but I'm still pleased more people will be exposed to this masterclass in filmmaking. I urge you to watch this the second you have the chance, because Cuarón has made one of the best films of the decade.

There's no question that Cuaron's brilliance as a film director is on full display in this amazing film--almost every take is flat-out gorgeous, and some are jaw-droppingly stunning. He uses symbolism masterfully: subtly, almost unobtrusively, yet effective in its intended impact. My complaint is an essential one: where's the story? We know almost nothing about the primary character, Cleo the nanny. We don't know anything of her family or her background, and practically nothing about her dreams, goals or aspirations. Yes, she's presented sympathetically, and we care about her to an extent, but she seems little changed through the course of the film, even after going through some challenging experiences. The upper-class family she works for also has their challenges, but nothing terribly unusual. Profound peripheral events (a forest fire, a street riot, a martial arts display) are riveting in their presentation, but they're only momentary digressions--they appear to have no lasting impact on the main characters. This was a beautiful film to watch (I wasn't bored in the slightest) yet when it was all over I wanted more than just memorable images.

I saw Roma at a screening on Saturday night at MOMA in NYC.This is an absolutely stunning, unforgettable film. Good God, Cuaron is a fantastic director. He's also the cinematographer and his superb work on this simply couldn't be improved upon. He has perfectly cast the film from top to bottom and has guided the non-pro who plays the lead to embody her character to an extent that is truly remarkable. I can't say enough about how moving an experience this film provides. And because I don't want to discuss the plot for spoiler reasons I'll end here. However I want to urge everyone to PLEASE see this in a cinema with a great sound system-the sound mixing alone is extraordinary. Like, give the sound mixer the Oscar, already. No other work could possibly come close to approaching this towering achievement.

I feel very similarly to Roma as I did to Dunkirk, though they are extraordinarily different films and subject matters. Both are made by directors I love, and both I appreciate the constant technical brilliance shown in each scene. Ultimately in both cases I was emotionally detached and thought it was a good movie but not at all a memorable one. There is no doubt that Roma leans entirely on Aparicio, and she knocks it out of the park. The subtlety to her acting and her body language and uses of silence are excellent. As is Cuaron's hallmark, the cinematography is excellent, and particularly the 360 pan with Cleo turning off the lights was well shot. The childbirth and ocean scenes were enrapturing and tense. The scene in the furniture store was my favorite of the movie - the intersection of the small private world we've seen with the family and the student protests outside was well shot and executed.
I can intellectually appreciate all the things Roma has to offer, and can understand why some think it's a masterpiece and the best of the year. If it emotionally connected with people and had them crying at the end, I just didn't have that experience. It's a very well done slice of life movie that focuses on appreciation for a maid who does everything for a family, and in going through her daily life we see other major events unfold. But despite consistently great acting and cinematography and several really good scenes, the vast majority of the movie varied from smart but detached filmmaking to mundane, every day life. Maybe the black and white and Spanish elements also contributed, but I just didn't particularly enjoy most of the individual scenes. Reflecting on it as a full piece and the motifs that we see throughout allow me to enjoy and appreciate it more, but while watching it I just wasn't invested. I'm glad most love it and think this is just me not connecting with the film, but while Roma is a technical marvel, it was just a fine story.

This film starts as if in slow motion and very little seems to happen as we observe the mundane actions of a young woman. I did wonder if I was going to stay the course. Gradually the pace picks up and draws you in to the daily life of the young woman who we learn is the maid, and the life of the family she works for. The ups and downs of life are in this chaotic city are well conveyed with the ordinary and the dramatic side by side. Beautifully shot with every frame counting it has heart and soul and is very moving at times. If it has a weakness it is a lack of narrative drive, it is essentially anecdotal but gripping none the less if you allow yourself to be drawn into this world.

I can imagine this film to be one that students might be shown. Look at the detail, the framing of the shots, the pacing of the story, etc. It's all very impressive as far as the depiction of life in Mexico in the 70s is concerned (I imagine, I wasn't there).
However, it is one of the most mundane, pointless movies I have ever seen. Sometimes you watch character based movies where the storyline is extremely simple, but the characters and acting are amazing. Think Cate Blanchett in Blue Jasmine or Little Fish, or movies like Boyhood which tell a very basic story, but draw you in with an amazing ensemble of acting talent.
Roma is not up to that standard. It's realistic, well acted blah blah blah, but you will get to the end of the movie and feel nothing. Except maybe, "what was the point of that?"
This is one for movie nerds, not movie fans who want to be entertained

I know that Mexico submitted ROMA for the best foreign language film at this year's Oscars, but it deserves a best picture nomination. This film is nothing less than breathtaking and captivating

My wife can't watch a subtitled film, but I think she is missing out on some terrific movies. But not this one. I watched it in three stages (because my curiosity told me I must be missing something) and it didn't grip me, even when the riot scene happened. It tried to too arty and forgot about the storyline.

Every single frame of this film is brilliant. It's not just his use of long takes -- it's HOW he uses long takes. It's not just his inclusion of non-actors -- it's the dignity with which they move on screen. 10/10.

I want to start my review by saying that I am Mexican. I find incredible, how Alconfo Cuarón took disconnected events happening within a family and sew together its parts to create this majestic piece of art.Many non-mexicans won't understand some of the background symbolisms, like the very known sounds of the vendors in the streets, or the interactions between such a common "family" (for many of us).My family, for many years, was very similar to the one portrayed in the story. My mom had to find help, when she and my father divorced, so our Cleo came into our lives. I was 5 and my sister 4, and our grandma was also around to help. The bond of our family was so strong that when we had to move to a completely different state, our Cleo came with us. And such as in the movie, my sister was once drawning in the sea and she was the first to realise and went to help, regardless of her not knowing how to swim.All these resemblances to my life, made this movie extremely special for me. But that is not what makes it so special. For me the magic takes place when Cuarón shows you his life (and that of many of us) by allowong the viewers to (kind of) peek through the windows of the family and makes the ordinary become extraordinary.As mentioned before, his delicate attention to details makes you realise that there is nothing left to chance in this movie. Everything is played just as in his mind, following the script of life.The acting of both leading ladies is also worth noticing, is obvious that even the casting had to be perfect and I believe it was. They conveyed the huge array of emotions of everyday life. Heartbreak, love, distrust, sadness, deep melancholy, you name it. Without these two women, the movie wouldn't be complete.The settings, backgrounds and even what I've heard as "the unnecessary long boring intro" blend perfectly good. The camerawork is incredible. The fact that is filmed in black and white had concerned me before starting the movie, but once watching, the black and white made it feel like is one of those flashbacks in the middle of a movie/TV show (I wonder if that is what Cuarón wanted us to feel).I loved to see the beaches of my beloved Tabasco in the movie, so sad they said they were going to Veracruz instead. I was wondering for some time why the scene of the sea looked so familiar, until I saw the blue crab and understood it was right there were my Cleo saved my sister's life.Please watch it with an open mind (especially to the Mexicans out there saying it is so boring or that they can't relate). We can all relate, it is the essence of life itself, human interaction, AMOR.

I saw this on a trip to Guadalajara on Dec.6th. and I will never regret having gone through all the trouble to catch this on the big screen. It's not just the amazing cinematography, the sound mix was amazing!!. The first half moves somewhat slower but it sets up the second half wich will most likely make you laugh and cry. Cuaron sets the movie in the turbulent early 70's perfectly capturing the feel of the times and it does make you (being mexican myself) wonder how much have things actually changed, how other people aside from our parents influence our lives and how painful, loving and powerful looking back can be.This movie deserves the reviews it's gotten and Cuaron deserves all the praise. Bravo!

Alfonso Cuaron take us back to his childhood in mesmerising cinematic journey of Roma.Set in 1970s Colina Roma, the life of a maid: Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio) working for an upper middle class family who live and survive in Mexico City. Surrounded by riots and demonstrations, the dark and wonderful surfaces to the city are explored in this visual tale. Based off Cuaron's life growing up in Mexico, the director brings his cinematic talents back to his roots, not since his 2001 road movie: Y Tu Mamá Tambien. Cuaron demonstrates how intact and important his childhood is and is magnificently captured in a personal song to his past.In an episodic fashion, we follow Cleo through her life cleaning the floors, tending to the children as if they were her own, and going to the movies with her marital art practising boyfriend Fermin (Jorge Antonio Guerrero). Selected beauty scaping moment, that move, distress and horrify, Roma dives into moving and shocking.Roma is wave after wave of emotional and cinematic beauty that washes over you with personal entanglement. Cuaron's vision of his memory feels photographic. With astoundingly comprehensive sound design, detailed to the last drop of water, the sound and life of Mexico is breathing an surrounding embodiment. The grounded prospect of Cuaron's direction, is filled with his homestyle traces of Y Tu Mamá Tambien with the similar sentiment of Children of Men (2006), and then topped with the overpowering ecstasy of Gravity (2013) brought back down to earth.Using first time actors, Cuaron takes excessive realistic and minimalist approach to bring his memories alive. Yalitza is a sensation for her first screen appearance, a loyal maid, loving guardian to the family children, one sequence contains one of the most convincing hugs I have ever seen on film. Sofia, the mother of family is played by Marina de Tavira who roams the screen with lucid emotional intensity, highly strung as she keeps her family together through their trials. The intimacy between the characters is an infectious and heart throbbing, Cuaron's heart and soul are clear on screen.Shot on 65mm, Cuaron creates a landscape embracing experience, enhancing the world of Mexico City to full virtual effect. The black and white cinematograph add closer texture striking lighting, which is impressive to see alongside Pawel Pawlikowski's smoky Cold War (2018). Although it's unfortunate to see another truly worthy masterpiece of cinema release (unless seeked out) Roma wide release on Netflix will hopefully bring something extraordinary for subscribers on the popular screaming service. Made of wide pans, the smoothness of Cuaron's hand is to precise delicacy not to disturb the authentic motion.With award season gearing, voters would have to be blind not give this film the attention it deserves. As arguably the most powerful cinematic journey of year Alfonso Cuaron fresh masterpiece should not be missed.

Watching cinema is a conflicting experience. We all have a rational self, looking for the values that we can think long after the movie ends and that we can share with our friends. We also have an experience self, striving to live in the moment and feel what the characters feel or creators might want to suggest. While the rational self looks for causality and rules, trying to extract the essence, the experience self is ignoring all rules and essence, trying to get it all in.
A movie to be enjoyable, needs to solicit a harmonious interplay of both selves. And a typical good movie makes us care about the characters in order to follow the story. Usually the balance is tipping greatly towards the story to comfort the rational self. A more artistic movie will challenge us to give up some of our need for rationality while rewarding us with more intuitive truths. This may feel uncomfortable, and only the better ones will succeed in finding a new harmonious balance. Citizen Kane is an example of such movies. Films that make us relinquish (almost) completely the rationalism for the sake of experience are extremely rare. Most of the people feel frustration and discomfort doing so, so the rewards in feeling these experiences must be very high to rebalance the two selves harmoniously. How they do it, is pure genius. Code Inconnu is an example of such movies.
Michelangelo Antonioni (Red Desert), Jacques Tati (Playtime), Andrey Tarkovsky (Stalker), Michael Haneke (Code Inconnu) are among those geniuses that got closest to experience cinema. And now, Alphonso Cuarón with his Roma.
Direction: 10, cinematography: 10, acting: 9, subject: 8, plot: 6 (but it doesn't need).

Now I know what it was like (to a degree) to have lived in Mexico City in the early 1970's. The first shot where the tiles are getting cleaned and the water reflects the sky above and a plane flies through was amazing. So simple, yet so cool. Just like the movie.

Both types are perfectly legitimate and I love both.First: movies as entertainment. A place to lose oneself. I just saw all three of the Lord of the Rings movies here in a theater in Minneapolis over New Year's Eve weekend, 2018. Back to back. To see them again on a big screen was wonderful and I appreciated, all over again, how Peter Jackson (the director), combined so many elements (story adaptation, casting, acting, visuals, special effects) to create a world I was happy to lose myself in, for hours. (Trust me it was hours.) When they're good we all love movies like this. I know I do.Second: movies as an experience or lesson. A place to find oneself. Most of David Lynch's films fall here. A fair amount of Bergman. Some Kubrick (2001 for sure; maybe Barry Lyndon). Lost in Translation. And Roma. Really any movie where the user reviews on IMDB are either 8-9-10 or 1-2-3. And the latter are filled with words like "boring" and "nothing happens."A suggestion if you're in the latter group: stop trying to figure these movies out. Stop waiting for something classically entertaining to happen. Just turn off your brain and stop thinking. Let the movie roll over you (frankly this is the only way to watch a Lynch movie that isn't "The Straight Story" or "Dune"). Be open and emphatic.When it's over you may find yourself with some subtle, emotional reaction you can't obviously describe (unlike a response to the first kind where typically we know exactly what we liked and didn't like). But you feel moved in someway: sad, filled with joy, terrified. These movies can expose you to or remind us what it means, authentically, to be human. And that kind of movie won't leave you for a long, long time.This isn't to say that some who love the second type can't be pretentious. I roll my eyes at lots of these user reviews sometimes. Ignore them. Find your own way.Think of it this way: loving both kinds of movies just gives you more movies to see and enjoy!

I already want to see "Roma" again.It took me a good while to settle into the rhythms of Alfonso Cuaron's critically acclaimed new film, and by the time I did I wanted to go back and start it over to see what I might have missed. A lot comes at the viewer in "Roma," and it's hard to take it all in on a first viewing. No...that's the wrong way to put it. Nothing comes at you -- you have to go after it. That's what makes "Roma" unique. Cuaron crams his frame in any given scene with tons of movement and sound, but he shoots almost everything in medium and long shots and chooses to pan his camera rather than insert a lot of edits. The result is you have to decide what you want to look at, and while the main protagonist is in virtually every scene, she's not always necessarily the focal point.That protagonist, by the way, is Cleo, maid to a wealthy family and played in a quiet and quietly devastating performance by Yalitza Aparicio. "Roma" is an episodic assemblage of scenes that shows what life is like for Cleo, without big showy emotional moments or much editorializing. She's treated fairly well by the family she works for, but make no mistake -- they rarely let her forget she's their employee. The film is a lot about privilege. The family treats Cleo as one of their own when they feel like it or when it's convenient to, but don't when it's not. She's part of their most intimate moments and they her's, but she'll never really be one of them. She has much to take care of, but nothing of her own to really care for. And there's a big wide world out there, the movie makes clear, that will never include people like Cleo.For a while I was a little disappointed that I wasn't feeling "Roma" as much as I wanted to and as much as rapturous reviews led me to believe I would. I was engaged by it, but I didn't feel heavily involved emotionally. But then pretty far into the movie something happens to Cleo, and in that moment I realized how invested I was in how things turned out for her. "Roma" sneaks up on you in that way.Grade: A

Have to admit this is just my type of storytelling. this film reminds me of another Japanese directer Hirokazu Koreeda.It tells a story in the eye of a maid in a Roma family. Nothing fancy about the shooting technique, and barely has spectacular scene. But just with this almost documentary way, we got to see the huge gap between classes(the maid Cleo and the family she's serving for ). And the obscure connection between them, as humans. For Cleo and her mistress, it's the sympathetic feeling they shared. It's the rare and incredible thing done in this film, to tell the emotion that is so sophisticated to show on screen.

Near perfection. Reels you in effortlessly. It's been a long time since I've seen something this understated feel so moving and impactful. I was definitely reminded of Fellini at times. Rooting for this as an awards contender for Best Film, Best Director, and Best Cinematography. The acting was on point too. So many layers that it will keep me thinking about it for days.

This movie is not for the impatient or the unfocused. If you are in one of those categories, don't even bother. Not all movies are supposed to be easily digestible.I've never watched a movie that felt so real and it's a long time since I've been glued to the screen like this one, not out of suspense, but out of identification and synchronicity.Others have described the stunning cinematography; it is not only beautiful, it tells half the story as well and gives presence. The synthesis of all elements in this movie came together so seamless, there was nothing to do but to give myself away completely for the duration.

Roma will be in my heart for a long, long time.Scenes that Tarkovsky or Antonioni would have loved to sign. Stunning performances. Humanity pervading every second. Life.I have a bit of difficulty typing as my eyes have not dried yet. Thanks, Cuaron, for these tears.

OMG I am so stoked after seeing this. Alfonso Cuaron is a FILM MAKER. Period. Come Oscar time it will be interesting if he gets nods (Picture, Foreign Language film, director, screenplay, editing, cinematography) - if he doesn't it will be a surprise. He deserves all the praise and this fil deserves all the accolades it has been getting. The best part is the way he shot this film. It is pure, it is majestic, it is finite - it is as though the camera is like US - a quiet observer drawn in to and from the core of our being to the story unfolding before us. Simply BRILLIANT!

Wow, what a beautiful film. From the opening scene right until the end credits, every shot could be a photograph that would carry its own story. There was something hypnotising about this film and the people within it. It's not action packed and full of forced drama - it's just life. Please watch!

Yes, I've spent childhood on 70's Mexico CityYes, I lived in a middle class 'hood just couple of km's (miles) east of "Colonia Roma"Yes, my father used to drive large car (a 67 Impala) that barely fit on the "patio".Yes, he used to "honk" when coming home at night expecting someone to open, hold and close the gate while parking the car.Yes, I had a "Mixteco" speaker nanny that became very much part of family for 20 years, that got pregnant from her boyfriend, lost first newborn girl but was able to raise a second girl.Yes, afilador (bycicle guy that sharps knifes) and "camotes" car walked on the streets making it's own particular whistles.Yes, all the mornings we listened the radio station which only purpose was to provide "exact hour" minute by minute, stuffed in between with quick commercial jungles, just to rush with enough time to make at school early.and so on and on and on.....So yes I got deeply touched by this movie and I don't expect any person that did not lived all the above to feel this much emotionally engaged by this movie.But doing it in such and artistically manner, with the level of detail and the level of acting that Cuaron and his crew makes this a great feel. This is a beautiful movie even if you don't have the background to fully appreciate this masterpiece.

This movie shows you life. It shows you that everything goes on, even if you don't. It doesn't matter if you are rich, or you are poor, tragedy hits us all

First off, believe me, I tried to see it in theaters but it just did not play near me at times that were doable.
I will try to see it if there are more screenings during awards season or anything, maybe that could happen.Now to the good stuff, the film.
It is truly incredible and I'm glad I kept my hopes and dreams in check and did, like usually, not even look at a trailer or anything. That was the best thing I could do. This movie for sure works best when you just jump right into it and give yourself to it.I'm not sure where I should start with this piece of filmmaking but I think I'll just start with the performances which are absolutely brilliant and feel lived in. I truly believed in all of them and they did one hell of a job.Now to the direction, the pretty much flawless direction. It is insanely intense and you can feel the deep passion of this project and all its meanings. The execution of this whole experience is one that can't be praised enough.The main reasons why this remarkable movie works, in my opinion, are not its story but its characters that are so wonderfully brought to life by a dedicated cast, alongside the very naturalistic camerawork and of course the direction which is so personal and truthful in a way that is exceptional.I am sure there is much more to unpack, talk about and praise about it, like for example the remarkable sound of it, but I'll leave it at that for now.This is almost perfect to me, almost because there were some moments where it did not fully click for me just yet. Maybe it will completely do so after a second viewing.Roma is obviously a must-see and whether you see it in the comfort of your home, hopefully on a 4K TV at least, or in a cinema, this is going to affect you undoubtedly and that is what huge films can achieve.

The way this movie made me feel is almost indescribable. Never had a movie made me feel like I was actually there like "Roma" did. The biggest thing that stuck with me was the scene at the end of the movie on the beach. Cleo fighting to go out against the waves was the perfect way to represent how she has felt during the entire movie. Yalitza Aparicio beautifully portrays a character who is a fighter. Through all of the hardships Cleo endures throughout the film, she continues on. The cinematography is marvelous, as is the story progression. The acting is just great from every character. This movie is so, so real that you forget that a genius actually wrote all of this on a script to be made into a movie. Do yourself a favor and find 2 hours and 14 minutes to watch this amazing film.

Seemed slow and boring. Then I caught the movies pace, felt the warmth of the air just by the striking cinematography, dogs barking, birds chirping. When I find myself talking and thinking about a movie often I realize it had a great impact on me. The love of family including the hired help and genuine real time portrayal of daily life of this family in Mexico impressed me. Thank you for creating a thoughtful movie that varied from the chaotic, action, animated, mindless, typical movie out there these days.

The plot is very interesting because is constructed on a strong narrative base, there are points of Climax and very dramatic moments. The end is a lot sweet, could be nore interesting with a break in the plot, like the Ghosts of The Others.

After Gravity (2013), Alfonso Cuaron went on a long directorial hiatus. The reason is Roma, his newest and probably his best film. Almost every shot transcends from art into real life because of distant camera and lack of choreography on the screen. It's slow but has a great pacing because every extra second pays off in the end. During the watching of the film it's likely you will think to yourself 'I should have ordered pizza and watched new Tom Cruise movie, I can't stand black&white art films and subtitles anymore...' but after the movie ends you will think about it long and hard. You will regret even thinking about Tom Cruise. You will contemplate and you will ask questions. And you will use Google because you probably don't have the slightest idea about political state of Mexico in 1971. Corpus Christi massacre is an interesting read even before you watch the movie. Speaking of which, it's fascinating how all those different themes managed to connect and create seamless narrative. Cleo, who is connection to all the stories, is a maid from a Mexican middle-class family. For most of the screen time she's seen scrubbing dog poo and taking care of children but I would call her the strongest female character of 21st century cinema. Meryl Streep and all her Oscars have nothing on Cleo, modest Mexican maid who we all met in life in some form. It's only January but I can tell Roma will be reaping this year's awards like apples from a tree. My rating for this movie, as high as it may be, wouldn't do its justice. This review is dedicated to Cleos of the world.

Can't say much that hasn't already been said. I love that while the plot is very simple and keeps it very rooted in basic human elements, the setting and cinematography contrasts this with a ghost-like, spacey, and turbulent aesthetic. This film is cold yet warming (it's hard to describe in words but yiu might get it if you've seen Children of Men).If you want a challenge, try watching the whole movie next just watching the background. The work put into set design and choreographing the extras are nothing short of masterful and awesome.

When I see films like this, it makes me wonder why they ever bothered inventing colour film. There's so much depth, the frame just sucks you in. The camera movements simple, but so effective as they drift around suburban Mexico City, it's streets and it's slums. There's no hurry, in the story, the camera, the cut. It's a breath of fresh air. Time works differently here and it's easy to be fooled with the lack of colour that this was shot in the 70s where the story is set instead of today. It's a work of cinematic beauty depicting social and political upheaval, but there's a purity to it, with a feeling that nothing's added without purpose. Music only if it's in the scene, otherwise only voices, sometimes raised, but often calm. Dogs barking, birds singing, the camera lingering on both the good and the inexplicably bad. Heart warming and breaking. Good things happening to bad people and vice versa, but it's the grey area in between that offers hope. The world is not black and white. This is beautiful.

After utter disappointment with super hero movies, I went back to my favorite genre - Drama. Roma is an outstanding movie with a great message - simplicity and love.

I was prepared to not be into this movie as it seemed very much a not a "dude" type of film. If anything, the STYLE & Camera work got attention. But oh boy...what a payoff. They actually got me to tears with Cleo's entire Labour scene. The reason you gotta give this movie the respect is due to both the ACTRESS, & this filmmaker, who deserves the praise for bringing to life Real basic human emotional connections to the life of a Mexican lower class woman. American society DEFINITELY needs this portrayal & story. These are the same REAL ppl certain INHUMAN WALKING GARBAGE FIRES & the lil dumpsters that support them classify as "ILLEGALS". Let's not pretend this beautiful touching movie wasn't just made in the face of HEAVILY GROWING UGLY anti brown Racism in our country. THIS MOVIE SPEAKS SO LOUDLY I feel in response to the way our society views both women, & Mexicans. You can genuinely FEEL It's not JUST a year in the life of a lonely yet beautiful human, but an artists carefully done love note to a life once shared intimately. Maybe it doesn't have this affect on every one. Rest assured there are always genre movie crowd ppl that will always be "bored" & not "get it". But this one is a little but too honest and simple to have to "read through". Hey f u can sit through this and feel nothing..I pity you.

No matter what someone tells you, women are always on their own".. this line sums up the whole movie; a beautiful movie about women; normal, not so successful or special and yet strong and independent women. this movie is full of beauty whenever it comes to filming techniques or the characters and if you think it's boring or meaningless I won't really tell you anything except, watch it and use your mind because it's not the kind of movie that offers itself to you easily it's not that banal or shallow, it needs some reflexion. but if your goal in watching movies is to put your mind on off mode then this movie isn't for you.

Really impressive. I must say that it took some time to get really into the movie , around 30 minutes, but that merely has to do with my (unconscious and unwanted) expectation of a plot. But it's all about life, the simpleness, the unexpected misery, the joy that you can get of simple things, family. You don't need a traditional plot for that.

Tecnicamente perfeito. Um filme belíssimo. Obrigado, Alberto Cuarón.

Wow. Finally got round to watching Roma, and I'm highly ashamed that it's taken so long.It's a bona fide masterpiece. Sweeping and grand, yet incredibly intimate. There's a new superhero in town, her name is Cléo and her power is pure love. Yalitza Aparicio gives a performance that is probably one of the best I'll ever have the privelege to witness. No hyperbole; just flat fact. It's a knockout masterclass in naturalistic performance unmatched by any actor this year.Literally every frame of this picture is magical; like being given the chance to live inside a memory. You won't see anything else this year that's so visually ravishing, yet completely spellbinding.Deeply moving, incredibly profound and shot through with a verité that no other movie has brought to the table for a very long time, Roma might actually be a contender for film of the decade for me, and potentially this century, to date...

In Roma every aspect of cinema ranging from performance to cinematography to sound design to raw gut punch moments are carried out with such care, detail and love that you can't help but be deeply immersed in the world that Cuarón builds; it's so vivid and detailed it feels like Cuarón was able to trap the past in a bottle and pour it onto the big screen for all to see.
There is a strong emphasis on the visual in Roma, as Cuarón has taken the mantle of director of photography, (a position usually reserved for long-time collaborator, friend and three time Oscar winner Emmanuel 'Chivo' Lubezki) and sets out the film's own unique visual vocabulary which is undeniably beautiful but also wonderfully effective at commanding your attention and casting that wonderful spell that tricks you into forgetting that you're watching a film.
As the opening credits play out over a singular shot of a tiled floor being mopped, the water reflecting a window of light into the sky where planes can be seen slowly drifting overhead, we know that we are in safe hands and oh boy do these hands feel soft and warm. The film oozes compassion and empathy, as Cuarón is most interested in examining human hardship and how women are, as the mother of the family tells Cleo, completely alone in this world, and cinema as Cuarón imagines it, is super effective at describing the afflictions of the individual. Though the film is dedicated to Cleo, the point of view of the film is not restricted to her's alone, Cuarón often places the eyeline at a child's height which helps create one of the film's most interesting dynamics that children are often completely oblivious to the darker more painful narratives swirling above their heads.
The film is not that interested in hitting plot points or setting up character arcs, in fact it takes pride in the way it ignores most of the storytelling tips you'd find in Robert McKee's "Story", and that is one of Roma's biggest triumphs, it is able to devote itself to observing characters slowly change as life has its way, the film has an enormous amount of time for simply watching it's characters behave, a luxury that most films can't afford.
Roma is beautiful, unique and full of compassion and fully deserving of your 2 hours 15 minutes.

Hard to put into words what this movie means to me. One thing is for sure, there is endless color in this black and white film. Please find a quiet place without distraction while viewing. The subtitles are important. Highly recommend.

I don't have much to add, other reviewers did a better job, but this movie was fantastic, even better the second time.If you have a Netflix account it's a no brainier, just sit back and enjoy a masterpiece.

Quite simply a considered and beautifully bound together work of art, Oscar winning director Alfonso Cuarón's black and white love letter to his home country of Mexico is a stunning achievement, a film that at first seems like a small and intimate character study but slowly and assuredly becomes so much more as it encapsulates issues and themes that still resonate strongly today.Named after a famous district of Mexico city, Roma is set in the early 1970's and focusses its attention on newcomer Yalitza Aparicio's young maid Cleo, who finds herself trying to maintain a household around a sad and depressive break-up all the while dealing with the fact she is soon to be a mother herself, to a baby of a father who wants nothing to do with her.It's far from the most original set-up but thanks to Cuarón's masterful delivery of the subject matter and material, Roma quickly shows off why it has been hailed as a genuine threat at next year's Oscar's ceremony.Magnificently captured by Cuarón, who acts as his very own D.O.P here, Roma, with its largely improvised script and cast of unrecognisable faces, is the type of film that over its 130 minutes will begin to feel like something akin to a documentary as we are well and truly transported to this very particular time and place, Roma becoming the type of film that you can smell, feel and touch as Cuarón brings his tale to vivid life.Accompanied by the sounds and eccentricities of the vividly unique country (Roma is completely bereft of any musical score), Cuarón's personal film is made alive thanks to its astounding sound and production design as we follow Cleo on a yearlong journey through the turbulent period of Mexico's history.It's one of the most immersive and all encapsulating experiences you will have all year and one that's deserving of a cinema visit if you can find a local screening, it's as if you yourself are walking the streets, a fly on the wall in these households as Cuarón brings us into his passionately recreated world.Roma really is the work of a director operating at the top of his powers, no shot feels wasted, each one framed and shot in a way that comes from the mind of a director who knows exactly what he wants and how he wants it to be and after a run that has included Children of Men, Gravity and now this, it's safe to say that Cuarón is one of the greatest filmmaker's working today.If there was nit-picking to be done with Cuarón awards calibre film, it would be that the film starts off particularly slow, with some viewers likely to be wondering what the point of the whole exercise is but if you can stick it out, Roma morphs steadily into an emotionally engaging and at times heart wrenchingly powerful film, with a last act that is up there with the best filmmaking seen over the last few years.Final Say -Look out A Star is Born! Roma has stamped itself as an official Oscar heavyweight, as Cuarón's film is not only the best film to be released through the Netflix production house, but one of the year's most unforgettable and magical examples of movie-making.4 ½ martial arts showcases out of 5

I admire movies of this kind; movies that feel simple and spontaneous, and have unrestrained plot. But I prepare myself before watching a movie of this kind; simply because I usually don't find myself connected emotionally with these movies. And I was ready to watch one of these art-house movies that I appreciate from the artistic and technical standpoint more than truly enjoying them. But Roma really took me off guard. Because I found out that Cuarón took this artistic approach in making this movie just to tie the somewhat loose plot of an ordinary story into an emphatic and heart-wrenching force.Cuarón's audiovisual motifs find their way across the film, not for the sake of showing his masterful skills, but to represent metaphorically, or sometimes literally, the characters' feelings, characteristics, nature, express their relationships to each other, and to mark major turning points in the story. When he doesn't use metaphors, Caurón plays, literally, with the contrast between background and foreground, and therefore allowing us to witness the currently unfocused on characters. This give me an opportunity to experience what all characters feel at every moment, and not loosing touch with any one of them at all. Furthermore, this gave the movie some kind of vividness that elevated the experience of watching it even more.By doing so, Cuarón didn't just give us a phenomenal piece of cinema, but he also subverted the art-house film genre, and proved that films can be as technically flawless and outstanding as they are thoroughly accessible and absorbing.The first act is a combination of simplicity and innovative visual storytelling.
The third act showcases Cuarón at the top of his visual craft, and that's when his signature long takes were prevalent, and each was as masterful as the last. But there's one in particular that sent chills down my spine, and kept me on the edge of my seat.
The second act, however, is more artistically enthralling than emotionally. Flawless from the narrative and technical, of course, aspects, but it's more "Arthouse" and meditative than anything else. It has some of the most beautiful shots, and moments, of the movie, though. And I really can't say that the movie lost me even for a split second.The story isn't the most original thing you'll ever encounter. Actually, the characters arcs are quite familiar, but that doesn't take away even the slightest hint of greatness from this masterwork due to the completely unorthodox and refreshing ways the film narrated, structured, shot, and edited in. That said, I couldn't help notice the stereotypical character arc of Sra. Sofía (Marina de Tavira's character) at the end of the movie. Cleo, on the other hand, has enough genuine nuances and twists in her character arc that breathed new life into the character, let alone Yalitza Aparicio's spellbinding performance. Nevertheless, Marina de Tavira's committed performance is nothing short of stellar.I hope Roma will jump start a career for Yalitza Aparicio. I already knew that many critics praised her performance in this movie, claiming that she gave one of the best performances of the year, but I really didn't expect that her performance will fascinate me like it did. For as much as I admired Hamilton Morris's performance in Sweet Country, or Brady Jandreau's in The Rider, I appreciated them for their naturalism and authenticity more than anything else. But as for Yalitza Aparicio, I really can't make up my mind whether her performance or Emily Blunt's in A Quiet Place is the best performance by an actress I've seen this year so far. And the same goes with these two movies they starred in as well.Alfonso Cuarón doesn't go with the flow neither by giving priority to politics over anything else, nor by squandering his creative vision for the sake of making Hollywood cash-grab blockbusters. He stays true to his idiosyncratic vision, and faithful to his jaw-dropping trademarks. And here he is making yet another masterpiece that is captivating, poignant, personal and subversive all at once. And easily one of the most accessible art-house films ever made!(9/10)

Alfonso Cuaron out did himself with this precious gem, from the beautiful shots, environment, and the detail added to specific scenes. A movie that will stay as the best of the 21st century and become a classic in the future.

Apparently there´s a lot of things people agree on. Cinematography, acting, setting. All great. But some IMDb users voiced that it has no story and is a movie for snobs. But is it really?I don´t think so. We follow a young maid who is struggling with her place in society. She loves the kids, is usually not treated that bad, but still, she is their maid and doesn´t have her "own" family. She also likes a guy, but doesn't quite seem to be in love. She generally seems unsure about her future. Meanwhile the family she works for struggles itself, as the father spends less and less time at home. These two story arcs intertwine while being set in front of historical events in Mexico.So prepare for some dramatic scenes, some heavy tragedies. Maybe even bring a tissue. You really feel for all characters at the end of the movie, but without it being cheesy, tearjerky or being forced down your throat. Sure, Roma doesn´t follow a tradional storytelling-formula, but how is that a problem?
If that´s not a captivating and emotional story, I don´t know what is.It took me some time to get fully involved with the story and the black and white made some interior shots just a little too grey, confusing and too much to digest.But yeah, since that was my only complaint, that´s as close as its gets to a 10. This should be strong contender for all the upcoming awards.

If you were asked to tell a story to a bunch of strangers, what would it be about? A colourful and grand tale of adventure, or a more somber and subjective story you would rather not talk about? Mexican writer/director Alfonso Cuaron's Roma is one such story where ordinary characters find themselves in situations so commonplace, you could say these situations occur to a million people every day. But if a thing of beauty is a joy forever, Roma will be remembered for a long time, simply due to the immersive nature in which this story is told.Known for his sweeping long takes, Cuaron's opening shot is just over four minutes long of a driveway being washed with soap and water. For a Netfilx release, there is an ever present danger when watching this film on TV or a handheld device, in that viewers could be tempted to fast forward seemingly unimportant segments through the course of the film. A little bit of patience will go a long way in rewarding the viewer with not just one, but two incredibly emotive moments that are both staggering to take in. For this to achieve full impact, we are first conditioned by the mesmerizing nature in which the story unfolds. When the camera finally lifts up, we see the person cleaning the driveway. She is the domestic help to an upper middle-class family in the titular Mexican city. Though indigenous, Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio) is very much part of the family she serves, yet her place as the help is clearly defined. Cleo's Caucasian employers are Sofia and her husband Antonio, their four children, and the children's grandmother. But there's trouble brewing in the family. Antonio's unexplained and lengthy travels (as a doctor) often leaves Sofia and the kids in a state of dysfunction. From regularly cleaning up dog poop to comforting the kids when they fight, Cleo is eager to help out in every way possible. All this changes the day Cleo learns she is pregnant. Worse, the egocentric would-be-father wants nothing to do with it.From Children of Men in 2006 and Gravity in 2013, Cuaron's nuance is in the way his characters are subjected to an impending crisis and the chaotic nature of said crisis. Roma has a lot of that crisis, but this time Cuaron is invoking a very personal story in what has been referred to as a semi-biographical episode during his upbringing. There is both a clear adoration and tribute to the women who raised him, but it's the manner in which they are presented that makes this film more of a memoir than a conventionally told narrative. After an hour or so of runtime, it becomes clear that there is not much of a plot, but a series of events strung together like sequences from a dream. This is where the film gets its heft. Circa early 1970s, Mexican socio-political events unfold in several frames, but mainly in the background. Like a renaissance painting, there is so much happening on almost all corners of the screen that it's easy to lose track of the strong bond forming between Cleo and the family she serves - Testament of which lies in the last fifteen minutes of the film, or the second of two powerfully crafted moments in the story; Powerful and moving, and all without a musical score or even the expressive sound of a violin.Presented in crisp, clean, 65mm black and white, this is also Cuaron serving as cinematographer for the first time. The result is a rich, visually stunning array of compositions filled with jaw dropping texture and depth. Coupled with Cuaron's signature long takes and stupendously juxtaposed satire, we are drawn into an entire world made with gorgeous micro-macro detail. But it's a world we watch objectively and from the sidelines. Perhaps that is part of the point of this film - a monochromatic introspection that transcends stereotypical bias on gender, class and race. Aparicio (in her debut role) conjures this feeling in Cleo with remarkable realism. It's in the way she looks, talks, and nurtures the family. It's in the way she mothers those kids as her own. It's in the way she is needed but also taken for granted. Yet, when it's her turn to receive help, all she has is us looking back in awe but also suffering with her. In any other film, all this would be mere melodrama but with Cuaron's as the auteur, Roma is a beautiful film crafted with meticulous detail. With limited release in cinemas, most people will be limited to watching this film on a Netflix streaming device. That shouldn't be a problem when the best part of this film is its soul and not its size.

Alfonso Cuaron's last film was quite literally out of this world yet his latest effort brings him back to Earth but with a story no less epic and profound. Roma is partly based on the director's life but is told through the eyes of the nanny/maid, Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio), whose experiences reveal the extent of classism and racism in 1970s Mexico.It's been almost 18 years since Cuaron made a film in his native language but he felt the time was right to return to his mother tongue and craft a revealing tale of class and racial struggle. The film is told through Cleo's (based on Cuaron's real maid, Lido) eyes and this unique way of telling the story gives the film a special insight into social issues in Mexico. Nanny/maid characters in films are usually bit parts in films, seen frequently but heard speaking only fleetingly. Cleo is always on hand to tend to the families every need, yet she is always on the outside. She is loved but never fully treated as part of family as she is ordered to do things only a servant would (it is always very uncomfortable when this happens).This is evident simply in how her treatment in plain for all to see. Cleo (and her co-worker) stays in a separate part of the house that's vastly different to the luxurious brightly lit interiors of the main house. Whether the entire family are together, she's always on the side whether its kneeling on the floor whilst the family watch tv or standing, nearly out of frame, as the others sit on bench eating an ice cream. That's not to say the family are uncaring or dismissive of her, the kids revere her greatly but her race and class separates her from truly belonging in the household.As we see the world through Cleo's eyes all these things become glaringly obvious even if the camera simply observes (like a ghost from the past as Cuaron said) life happening before it. As we see the world through Cleo's eyes we see her heartbreak, her pain and suffering in her most testing times (the most traumatic being the scene shortly following The Corpus Christi Massacre). Not only that we get a vital look at prejudice from someone who at the centre of it. Spending so much time with her, it's easy to notice the subtlest of prejudices. Oaxaca born Yalitza Aparicio restrained and moving performance is one of heart-breaking quiet poignancy as she provides a voice for the disenfranchised.Working on his first feature film since Prisoner of Azkaban without his regular cinematographer, Emmanuel Lubezki (if you can't get Lubezki you may as well do it yourself), Cuaron forgoes the long handheld take technique of Children of Men and the exciting fluidity of Gravity and instead adopts a slow panning technique that resembles a casual observer. Much like Tokyo Story, Cuaron's camera simply observes the family unit, taking a non-judgemental and objective view of upper middle class of Mexico thereby allowing the viewer to notice the subtle elements of racism without ever explicitly mentioning them.That said, Roma is not without its visual flourishes. The beautiful black and white cinematography transport us to the hustle and bustle of Roma region of Mexico City. The long, tracking shots reveal so much about the film's setting, taking us into the world inhabited by Cleo. The sound design allows us to experience the world in which the film is set. The chaos of Mexico City, the honking of horns and roar of plane engines above (hinting at an unreachable faraway world) makes the city feel alive and more than just a distant memory.The most important aspect of the film is that it gives a voice to the voiceless and oppressed. It was only when Cuaron began to ask Lido (the maid on which the story is based) about her life that he began to recognise her as a real person with a life outside the home. These talks were perhaps as revealing and eye opening to Cuaron as the film Roma is to us. Understated and moving, Roma is a slow-moving film where, for a while, seemingly nothing happens but it's one that rewards a patient viewer with a highly emotional experience.

Those who make bad reviews simply dont understand film. Roma is amazing, from the start and everything. The basis is not only the story but also art just like in La La Land and Cold War, while there are techniques of camera and shots and the way the movie goes that reminds the way old movies were made (those of Bergman, Ozu etc) with great work from director. Everything is almost perfect, we see a city of 1970 with cars and houses of its time, scenes that are too many to remember, soundtracs that never stop, cinematography that bring works in the whole movie, things that were happening like protest of students and them being killed, what Cuaron has probably seen in that time, and after all it is also about a family, the story goes on while we see dialogues and events of real life, making it a kind if Boyhood. Im comparing it with many great movies because I saw many of them in Roma. Its a masterpiece of Mexico and Hollywood is not being able to bring movies like this today. Sadly Roma will likely stop at best foreign due to Oscar politics.

This will be for many people a type of black and white film they have never experienced. Shot with all the modern digital tools but evoking the neo realists after WWII, this film is like a sheet of transparency held up to the sun: like a memory being intravenously shot into your cortex.
Cuaron has been very open in stating this is essentially an autobiographical snapshot of his childhood growing up in Colonial Roma, a neighbourhood in Mexico City but it is also a clear nod to Fellini's Roma and the other neo realists especially Bunuel. Though Curaon's memories, the film is about Cleo, played by Yalitza Aparicio,
the maid to the middle class family he grew up in.
The film thematically matches very well with 2018. No matter your colour, class, nationality - men are assholes and it is left up to the women to band together and weather life.
My issue was that Cleo seems underdeveloped for the main character of a film, passive both in the film and life, which I assume is a result of this being Cuaron's story in many ways and not hers. This is shown in the way Cuaron shoots - nary a closeup but wide frame, camera panning or sliding more typical of a documentary. This all keeps the viewer at a distance.
Cuaron has made a masterpiece but it is called Children of Men.

This film is going to tear your innards out emotionally. But it'll do it so slowly that you won't see it coming. And then it'll do it again. And again. Till you have no more to give. And it's a bitter sweet joy and pain. This film could end up being the cinematic equalivalent of what grapes of wrath is to novels. Don't miss it for the world.

I haven't been moved by a film like this for years.
I had no idea I would be so emotionally affected by the wonderful piece of art. I am simply stunned a man could tap into the world of two different classes of women and reflect their lives so beautifully. These women characters are true strength and beauty; nothing holding them back from finding true happiness within their daily lives.Brilliant

Few films captivate the soul as much as 2018's Roma from Academy Award-winning director Alfonso Cuarón. Serving not only as the director of this cinematic masterpiece, Cuarón also wrote, produced, edited, and served as the cinematographer of the film. Based on his childhood experiences growing up in Roma, a suburb of Mexico City, the filmmaker has done something truly remarkable in that he has crafted a deeply intimate and personal film that also serves as a universal testament to humanity that everyone can relate to in some fashion. Simply put, Roma is the best film of 2018.Roma follows the story of a middle-class family in the early 70s. We follow the family's housemaid, Cleo, a young woman lost and confused as to what exactly her place is in this world. Cleo is struggling with an unwanted pregnancy, while the family she works for has lost the father of the family after he left with his mistress. Cleo is treated at times as a member of the family, while at other times a servant. The dynamic this young woman has with the family she works for grows and transforms into something deeply unique and beautiful, their shared pain bringing them all together.Shot in gorgeous black-and-white that almost hurts to look at due to its rich beauty, every scene of this film is centered on the grasp of a gifted director. Each shot is arrested in an artistic vision with depth that can conquer the viewer's eyes. Cuarón, who originally planned to have long-time collaborator and legendary cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki shoot the film, excels as a visionary artist who has a gifted eye for detail and beauty. You see and feel the work of a director constantly when viewing Roma, similar to films from talented directors Alejandro Gonzalez Innaritú (The Revenant, Birdman) and last year's Academy Award-winning director Guillermo del Toro (The Shape of Water, Pan's Labyrinth), who Cuarón is close friends with. Using pitch-perfect long takes at multiple points of the film, Cuarón focuses intimately on his subjects and allows us to witness our characters in their daily lives and emotional struggles.What compliments Roma's visual sensations so beautifully is how moving it is. The character of Cleo is portrayed as an innocent soul, her anxiety about her lost place in a high-pressure society expressed perfectly by newcomer Yalitza Aparicio. It's hard to think that an actress who delivers such a realistic portrayal of a deeply rich and complex human being has never acted before. Aparicio's performance is truly contagious, her character impossible not to care for or relate to in some manner. It's one of the best acting performances by any actor in 2018, rivaling anything that comes from any mainstream Hollywood actress.
Alfonso Cuarón's films have a pattern to them, in that he incorporates water somehow. Whether it be the ending to Children of Men (which is personally in my top five all-time favorite films), the end to Gravity (in which he won the Academy Award for best director), or the most important scenes from Y Tu Mamá También, Cuarón uses water to express symbolic meanings, and Roma is no exception. There's a scene towards the end that takes place at a beach that is simply breathtaking, not only due to its gorgeous filmmaking, but it's powerful importance and moving acting.
While Children of Men may be Cuarón's best film in my view, Roma is one of the 21st century's best films. This life-affirming cinematic gem is the kind of film we all need but don't deserve. It allows us to reflect on our own lives while experiencing the lives of a broken family and tortured women who try and find purpose and meaning in a changing political and social world. An absolute miracle of a movie, Roma is a visual poem and testament to life that is not to be missed.

I went to my local cinema to watch this film, it was around 4 pm, and when it ended, it was around 6:15. I live in central Mexico, the sunset was setting with beautiful yellowish-red clouds, the elote-guy was there, serving "esquites" or "chascas", and the local camote men passed through my house later that night... It was, refreshing, reinvigorating how for the first time in my entire life, a movie made me look my usually boring and small hometown, in a different but really, really beautiful way. It was the first time, that I felt really proud, really happy to be in the place I was, that showed me how my country is enriched with culture, struggle, aesthetic and paraphernalia you won't find anywhere else in the world. Close to the cinema there are some old offices with that aesthetic of the late 80s, kind of similar to the ones presented here. To me, going into the cinema theater and then going out to the real-life scenario, for the first time, I felt how it was merged and enhanced. My perspective was intensified, everything was more vivid and beautiful to the point I just wanted to cry.After this introduction to my own personal experience, wow. The movie... The film was just, in a few words: extremely captivating, mystical, beautiful, raw, sad, aesthetic, poetic. Basically, a truthful and real portrayal of the urban post-modernist Mexico, with a main story of the lives of 2 Mexican woman with different backgrounds that share similar struggles.My only critique, to be honest, is that, I would really loved if the movie showed us and enhanced, a bit more of Cleo's indigenous background, because that's a huge part of Mexico's enriched cultural personality; but I guess Cuaron's intention was not to get too deep in this aspect of the country, but instead to show how us how a urban-middle class family woman helper gets intertwined with very intense emotional struggles in the late 60s.The director not only stays there, in the depiction of the strength of the Mexican housewife and help woman that we sometimes undervalue; But also, he show us the less appealing component of Mexico, where violence and corruption is omnipresent every-single-day in our lives. In here, he recreates a glance of this reality, where to be honest, I got torn apart by its intensity and rawness, representing one of the most important political and infuriating scenarios we've had in quite some time: the 1968 student's protest that ended up in a slaughterhouse. I also saw some slight critique to the neglectful aspects of the medical care system of the country, the IMSS, but I don't know, maybe it was just my interpretation.And beyond all of the madness, chaos and sadness, to contrast we get the surrounding in peaceful and aesthetic scenes of the whole drama, with beautiful shades of the urban Mexico City, of the rural Estado de México and the stunningly poetic woods in (i think) some small ranch in Michoacán. Everything in this piece of art is magnificent: to the acting of the indigenous-rising star Yalitzia Aparicio, superb directing, captivating camera work, photography and of course, the script! I just think it was an amazing portrait with astonishing execution. Left my eyes peeled towards the sky, and towards my heart. Deserves all recognition it's currently having, do not be deceived. It deserves it.
I cannot believe Cuarón went from the plain one dimensional hollywood production in Gravity, to this. To Roma. To a masterpiece of Mexican cinema.You're a cabrón, Alfonso!

Movies that are simply about life don't seem to come around often enough, so when one makes it into the limelight, it feels like something special if done correctly. Being in Spanish throughout the majority of the film, the sad truth is that most English-speaking American and Canadian citizens will probably be turned off, but if you're someone who doesn't mind watching a foreign film, I honestly don't think you'll find many films that are better than Roma in all of 2018. This film explores the story of a family in ways that I haven't seen present on the screen in quite some time. If you're a film fanatic, here's why (especially to you) I just can't recommend this movie enough.Following a family, as they deal with the hardships of dealing with the harsh realities of what some families go through, Roma focusses on their housemaid in Cleo. Becoming a very good friend of the family, her story is chronicled through the time she spends with them, just as much as she spends time with her friends as well. With a side story that had me sobbing throughout the third act, I truly can't remember when movie left my jaw on the floor in terms of an emotional impact. This is a film that cares solely about these characters and I was completely invested in each and every one of them.Written and directed by the incredibly talented Alfonso Cuarón, this film is showcased in a way that has the audience feel as though they're peering in on a family in crisis. This movie is an observation of family life and how rapidly it can change. Throughout horrible consequences or brief, happy moments, Alfonso Cuarón is able to display breathtaking cinematography that makes the movie itself feel like a character telling its own story. When a filmmaker can accomplish something like that, with long takes to further deepen the story, you know we have a gem on our hands. This man doesn't make enough films as far as I'm concerned and this is just another piece of impeccable entertainment that he can add to his resumé.Having never seen Yalitza Aparicio appear in anything before this appearance as the leading lady in Roma, I can confidently say that she should absolutely quit her day job if it isn't acting. Not only did she sell herself as this character in a way that stuck with me, but her expressions that range from fear to sadness, joy to love, and even devotion to commitment, her performance had my eyes glued to the screen for the full 135 minutes. Even though it may seem lengthy to some, I didn't think a single frame of this movie was wasted. Even throughout the slow moments, there were multiple levels of storytelling going on. When such a simple premise can be made to feel this epic in scale, I have nothing but unrequited love for it.In the end, Roma doesn't just have it all in terms of writing and directing, but those aspects are taken to new heights throughout these performances and the overall film that has incredible emotion throughout, ultimately builds to a couple of different climax's, and each of them feel either earned or absolutely shocking. As I mentioned, there was a specific moment toward the end of the movie where I just couldn't help but open my jaw wide. The payoff of one of the storylines is absolutely nothing what I expected. Roma is emotionally powerful from start to finish and I simply can't recommend it enough. Now streaming on Netflix of all places and probably up for many awards in the coming months, Roma is a true gem.

RomaCuaron's jaunting stay is frankly too practical to handle. Mumbling the mundane lifestyle of a maid in a mellow vocab, Cuaron has made his best film to date. First thing's first, the notable and yes loud cinematography of his is hauntingly beautiful. No one ever points out the facts that goes behind the camera on screen like such and even though it eerily resonates with Anderson's symmetric camera work, it is a testament of its own for he himself was never able to speak effervescently like such. Speaking of it, there barely resides a stable conversation in here, the bickerings, the murmurings, the gossip, every bit of narration is piled under such pragmatic state of environment. Cuaron speaks through body language and physical sequences, to a point where they themselves become a character.The sequence of a car being parked is so absorbing to encounter it on screen, which then enfolds into another layer of perspective to its intention and then another and then another. Cuaron keeps giving you reason- nay- he challenges you to get disengaged from this humble imbalanced world. And the host that he has selected to narrate this saga is a pure delight on terms of character development. Surprisingly, to write such a character is a daunting task. For its persistency ought to be justified and he does it in here as a mere distraction; kudos to him.Each time the protagonist is helping the younger ones or her employers, Cuaron subconsciously maps out another milestone in your mind. The stillness of a scene staged in a room puts you right there on the spot among the actors, where you have to work your way through to concentrate the gossip or sort out the primary activity in a frame. Amongst many steps that constructs this ingenious behemoth monument called drama, personally that speaks to you is the sort-of-training-camp where Cuaron speaks honestly of his theme without any strings attached.The cast has done a fabulous work, from the lead Aparicio as a humble supporter of this family and Tavira as the real supporter of Aparicio, along with the young cast which may resemble to the younger cast of Malick's The Tree Of Life. But Cuaron's dish is not spiced up with plethora of ingredients like Malick's, his sweetness is competent enough to tick for its course. Cuaron's span spent upon screen is a mesmerizing poem weaved out to clean and scrub a house properly.And boy what a poem it is, dipped into a metaphorical tone, it soars just like those planes hovering around in the background. For the most part of it, Cuaron keeps the frame under the shades, teasing us to seek for the action going on and similar to it the storytelling too feeds on our imagination that is at brisk all the time, especially the last act that scares you with the closure that you are trying to achieve. Roma narrows down cinema to a better quality, Cuaron makes sure it isn't compromised for any reason whatsoever, not even for him.

This is such a simple story but, man, the way that it is told, just pure magic. The cinematography, work with the camera, the perspective, the angles ... just too good.
I understand why some people cannot connect with the movie and see it as a slow, tedious drag. But it certainly is much more than that.
And to think that this amazing work is in a category with A star is born and Black Panter ... I would feel totally out of place.

I have never written a review before, but after reading what was written thus far about this film, I felt compelled to speak about this film honestly. My brother first watched this film and said it was "dumb" and nothing more. So I decided to watch it with my father, who grew up in Mexico until he was 14 and came to the states. After the film was over, he turned to me and said, "Wow. I can relate. That's what it was like (growing up in Mexico)." I was so appreciative of this film and the connection it made to my father and to me. It was BEAUTIFULLY shot and told and honest story. My father also commented on it's originality, which I agree with. I can see how some might take this as a "dry" or "boring" film. This might be from the viewers who expected explosions and CGI and action and all the things that the current industry seems to pass off as good story telling. It might also come from the viewer who does not have the cultural experience or background to appreciate this very specific and heartfelt story. If it does not win any awards, I will be shocked. Exceptionally done, ROMA.

Is this going to be a true first for "Americans", ya know, the first ones? She is captivating, spellbinding, absolutely transported me and carried this film. Technically, the film is flawless. Reminds me of Asian art in that the cinematography focuses on the perspective of harmony in the composition rather than promoting a sole subject. The objective in the journey isn't victory, but contentment. Everything, from the tilted painting and the hole in the tattered lamp shade, to just...EVERYTHING is epically placed and considered, cut, lit, and executed. Bravo Alfonso, bravissimo!

I knew very little about Roma before the week it dropped on Netflix. Most of the information I had heard about it was from articles about Netflix trying to get it to play in theaters. I know that there were reports of the company trying to buy out theaters to show this as big as they could. Most film people were talking about it as this epic film from Alfonso Cuaron (Gravity, Children of Men). I was intrigued by the fact alone he was having a new film debut. He's a fantastic artist who does some very interesting things camera wise and storytelling wise with simple stories. I didn't want to read too much into what Roma, only glossing over a byline and hear minor details.This film is his masterpiece. It's also intimate, autobiography tale of a time in his life. But he's never really mentioned by name. The story follows a maid and the family she cares for in the early '70s of Mexico City. The story spans a year in her life. As the saying goes a lot can happen in a year. The film does start off slow. There is some excellent camera work and a lot of one takes that immerse the viewer in the story. About the 30 minutes in the story picks up. Cuaron does a magnificent job of investing you in these characters. IT doesn't feel like a film, it feels like watching these characters in their everyday lives. We go a window into what it's like to live in this era. He fully takes advantage of that.It would be a shame if lead actress Yalitza Aparicio who plays Cleo doesn't get some award recognition. The film is full no stars, just many actors and they all are on their game. Aparicio stands out above all. You feel for her, are scared and happy for her. The emotional range and depth she brings to the Cleo is astounding. If by the end of the film you are cheering for her and shedding tears then you might need to seek help. But the entire cast feels real, not like they are just playing parts. My favorite of them all is the youngest son who tells some fun stories to Cleo in their interactions.Cuaron proves that he is the Oscar-winning director that still has much to show us. His camera work is so good here. The long takes, tracking shots, it all fits so perfectly with the story he is telling. He even shot this film himself. Not collaborating with longtime partner Emmanuel Lubezki. It is a beautiful looking film entirely in black and white. I couldn't see this film in any other way. There is a scene during the holiday season where a group of people is trying to put out a fire in the woods, it's gorgeous. I'd be shocked if he didn't win the best cinematography award at the Oscars.Roma is all around a masterclass in filmmaking and storytelling. The cast is excellent, the story is simple but will suck you in. It's beautifully shot, heartwarming, endearing and hopefully. I would be shocked if this film didn't take home multiple Academy Awards in 2019. For sure it should win for best cinematography and best director. I would hate for this film to get relegated to the best foreign film category. This film should win for Best picture easily. And if I was on the committee it would have my vote.

Roma
Watched in theaters 12/15I woke up insanely hungover, that familiar "I am never drinking again" banner waved fiercely in my pounding head. Much like my mind, my phone was buzzing, Dana, my best and closest friend on this planet had text me a sobering proposition: "Wanna go see Roma tonight?"I hadn't heard about Roma, I had zero idea what it was about, I just knew it was Alfonso Cuaron's newest film. But even if I had read a synopsis, I don't think it would have prepared me for the emotional toll this film took on me. I've sat with it for two days now and my feelings for it seem to get stronger.At first glance Roma's story hits you with the French New Wave vibe, oh we're going to be watching these people live, no real plot, etc. But as the film goes on I realized the "slice of life," style the film presents itself as was actually much more involved and stimulating. A seemingly simple story becomes complicated, heart wrenching and captivating.
I really don't want to talk about the plot, you should just experience it. But be warned, it gets heavy and at times bleak and dark. But such is life, and Roma is teeming to the brim with it. And for as much heartache and pain the characters experience, there is also a contrasting beauty, an overwhelming sense of wonder blended with the natural hilarity of life. Roma wonderfully captures the peaks and valleys of about a year's time and compacts it into a 2 hour chunk, we're just along for the ride. The story and characters are handled with a deeply personal level of care and acute detail.Technically Roma, is astounding, and is composed with some of the most beautiful camera work I've ever seen. Many sequences left me wondering how Cuaron, who shot this himself, was able to choreograph and orchestrate such complex and breathtaking shots? I don't really have an eye for cinematography, but this film is so gorgeous and well composed it really stands as a marvel.Roma is such a complete taste of life, such a strong, confident film. It's story pulls you in close, and is unflinching it is depiction of loss and fear and love and joy. I feel truly lucky to have caught it in a limited theatrical run, because this film is made for the big screen. For the less fortunate, stream it on Netflix, now and be sure to send your ex a thank you text for their subscription.

Just a fantastic film in every way. It is easily the best film of the year. Forget about the rules this time.It is better than the rave reviews said.The cinematography is Kubrickian wow.true to life. Amazing

The story is genius, I will hardly forget the movie, being a Mexican, it taught me so much, made me cry and so made me happy to know that such a story deserves my tears, no shame, not at all. Congrats Cuaron, I think that this movie is the perfect example on how to do a beautiful piece of art and help a whole country to get motivated to make progress.

Roma is essentially beautiful unique of a film. Cuarón has demonstrated creatively innovated way to tell a story. The direction, cinematography, production design, sound and sound mixing are in compass to make a beautiful harmonious work of art. There's not an original score for this film which it makes it stand alone, instead Cuarón has used pieces of radio hit songs from that era, as part of the environmental scene. It's well crafted screenplay perfectly works with the acting of every cast in Roma, especially with the two leads in the film. Aparicio and Tavira are magnificent portraying a passage in the life of 1970's middle class Mexican family. It's simple, and real.
It's 10 nominations for the Oscars are truly deserved it, and my hopes are that is given at least the two top awards for this masterpiece, best directing and best picture of the year.
Note: if you are a superficial cinema watcher, this is not for you.

It was a very successful film that left you feeling fascinating. blending pain and achieving absolute pain as a result.. life contains pain in itself but it continues on the one hand. I think that's what the film meant in general. the beauty of the script and the ability of the actors have taken the film to another dimension. this is a masterpiece.

Whenever I sit down to watch a film, be it blockbuster or small, there is always this one scene that I notice. One scene that clicks over this imaginary timer within a film that makes you think for a split second, "oh, here is when the movie actually starts". Scenes like the chestburster from 'Alien' or when Llewelyn Moss is chased by the dog in 'No Country for Old Men' spring to mind. It's when you realize everything before this moment was just build up to this inevitable sequence and everything after is what you're "supposed" to focus on. I tell you this because after watching 'Roma', Alfonso Cuaron's newest masterpiece, this "inevitable" scene never showed its face. I waited and waited for the film to "start" but then I realized something, this film had started long before first the shot and that from the very beginning I was supposed to be focused on every detail depicted in this masterwork of both art and film.'Roma' is an anomaly of a film. It's so big yet so small, so grandiose in scale yet so personal, so mindbogglingly mundane yet so important. We share such a small amount of time with Cleo, our central character, which in turn is such a big point in her life. Mexico seems so vast, ugly and hostile in this film, but the way Cuaron helms it forces us to look at the small and beautiful little details that we often attribute to why we love a place, person or even point in our lives so much. And we can see so much of Cuaron's deep and personal love of his hometown and his childhood in this film. The way the knife sharpener has his signature whistle, airplanes are constantly seen flying above and those small awkward moments we have with our significant other are all captured. Its these small personal details that makes Cuaron's depiction of life so heartwarming and honest.Once the film began and I witnessed Cuaron's immaculate directing and cinematography in the beginning scene. It hit me, what I was watching weren't shots or scenes produced by equipment, they were memories produced by Cuaron's life. Each frame plucked from his childhood, each line of dialogue an overheard or remembered conversation. The camera movements were not fast and short, they were methodical and long, like an unseen guide taking me through a gallery of human experience, each frame an artwork in its own right.I mentioned before that I believe 'Roma' was a masterclass of both art and film, but its films just like these that remind me that they are undoubtedly the same thing. What Cuaron and his team have achieved here is nothing short of magnificent. A true epic of the smallest kind. While it may be forgotten to time in the shadow of the much larger and significant films being released these days, 'Roma' will still hold its place in my memories, as I'm sure the same would be said by its director.

Roma Review:Roma is a Mexican film directed and written by Alfonso Cuarón depicting a year for a maid and the middle class family she works for in Mexico City in the 1970s. This is the foreign film that everyone has been talking about. I haven't heard this much buzz about a foreign film since Pan's Labyrinth and Amour. I saw this for the first time about a month ago and just recently watched it again. I think this is an excellent film with a great story and wonderful performances. Yalitza Aparicio is absolutely amazing with her first acting performance ever. She's been getting Oscar buzz but I don't think she'll make it into Best Actress. She shows so much emotion and there's so much development through her heartbreaking story. Yalitza is the main star of the movie and everyone is talking about her. Alfonso Cuarón does amazing with this movie. He did so much with it consisting of writing, directing, cinematography, editing, and producing. He will most likely win Best Director for the Oscars as he did for the Golden Globes. Screenplay is hard to say but I don't think he'll win. The cinematography is beautiful! It's all in black and white but every shot was thought through carefully and shot beautifully. It will for sure win Best Cinematography. The story conveys so many emotions with a heartbreaking final act. I don't want to give much away because it's so good and shouldn't be spoiled. The movie is a little long and some scenes could've been shortened down a bit. If you have time and have Netflix, check it out. Definitely check this one out before the Oscars.My Grade: A

I dont know what does this movie want to tell at the beginning , I almost jump to the end but once you get chill and watch this movie peacefully, you will know.
It is A truly Masterpiece.

This film was such a refreshing breath of air from everything that's been put out like the last 4 years or so. The story is touching, it's visually and aesthetically pleasing, and the acting is superb. The powerful scenes in the film can really grab a hold on viewers' emotions, especially from the female perspective. While the film takes place in Mexico, I think it's message is relevant to all Latin America. The symbolism that the director added in to foreshadow the events to come were amazing, done in such a subtle way that you're left thinking about it after the events they warn about take place. I've heard many say that one has to familiarize themselves with 1970's Mexico to fully understand this film. While I'm not up to date on my knowledge of this subject, I still was able to grasp the message and story the director was telling. It's the human experience for many really at the end of the day. Love this film and highly recommend it, worth every minute.

It's not often that I see the same movie in a theater twice in one week. Certainly not one I can watch just as easily at home on Netflix. But this week I saw Alfonso Cuaron's ROMA twice on a big screen, and it's worth every moment. You have to let that film Some breathing space, see it in one session, note all the nuances. If you do, this film will reward you big time: unforgettable characters with several intertwined story layers, and amazing camera work. Not only it's the best film I saw in the 21st century, it probably made it into my all time top ten films. A true masterpiece, on so many levels. If you have a nearby theater that screens it, don't hesitate.

There are not many films out there that can, slowly but surely, invoke the feelings that Roma does within you.
The acting is all around great, and the directing by Alfonso Cuaron is just on another level here. Every scene is so well detailed and so captivating, from the sound to the dialogue. It all just feels so real, and that is the word I would use to describe this film, real.
However, going into this film I must admit that I was expecting it to be perfect, and it is still very great, but I did not get that finishing touch I was expecting, and that may very well be my own fault, but in re-watch I might love it more than I did the first time due to false expectations.
This is definitely one of the better films to come out this year. an emotional gut-punch all throughout, with important lessons to be learned, and incredible film-making to behold.

I'll confesss, I was hyped for this movie and watched with all the intention to love it. Turns out, that wasn't required.The first thing I noticed and the thing I loved the most about Roma, is the way it's shot. Any other director would have preferred a more vintage black and white look. But Alfonso Cuarón decided to go with a 65 mm lens, giving the movie a pristine, non-grainy look, like a modern day memory of a past. The soft contrast and the bright highlights look beautiful. The fixed camera and slow pans are add to the aesthetics of the beautiful imagery. The framing and composition are meticulous. It is a beautiful looking movie.Next up, the characters. The central character is the maid, Chleo played by first time actress Yalitza Aparicio. She's awesome. She is a silent character. Not that she's mute or that she talks rarely, it's just when you look at her in her maid clothes, doing away the dishes, she'll strike you as a sweet and silent person. I really cared about her character, I was invested. I was scared when she was scared, happy when she was happy and sad when she was sad. That's the movie's biggest achievement in my opinion. The other characters are nicely fleshed out as well, especially the mother's character. The child actors were surprisingly good, too.The story of Roma is a deeply emotional and personal one. But not everyone can relate to it. As of me, I could relate to it and I loved each moment of it.Bottom line, Roma is a visual masterpiece. The plot isn't something groundbreaking, but the presentation more than makes up for it. Don't miss it.

With this title I'm not trying to sound utterly overwhelmed, but to acknowledge the fact that I feel unable to describe with simple words this film.Let's start by saying that it is indeed one of Cuarón's best works (though I still consider Children of Men as my personal favourite), also probably the best film of 2018 (I couldn't see The Favourite yet, the other film of the year that I believe has serious chances of winning the title). It is a very slow film, has a pacing that reminds me of Tarkovskij films. It is not very introspective scope: the viewer mostly might feel physically distant (also due to the frequently wide-angled photography), but yet can be emotionally connected to the characters and the story.There's a very abudant apparatus of subtext: much is implied, and this is particularly true with Cleo's thoughts. Another element that suggests that much is implied is the presence of flying airplanes, that occurs in specific scenes, suggesting a meaning to it.
Mind, unlike Nemes' Sunset, this film isn't an allegorical story but a realist story. Frankly, it reminded much of Inarritu's first films (21 Grams, Biutiful, etc.) due to the realist factor.This film sets an interesting directoon to netflix films: easily said, it is the best Netflix original. It is also an arthouse film, and very clearly so. This film could start a new tendency (especially if awarded at the Oscars) for arthouse films to be produced and released by netflix, a company known for providing creative freedom to directors. In the past years, this had mostly a negative impact, with several 'bad' netflix originals, but this allows genial filmmakers (like Cuarón, but potentially others aswell) to create their works without boundaries. Let's hope this tendency continues.

I saw this film at the Cairo International Film Festival. It is a cinematic masterpiece and the best film in 2018

The praise for this is undoubtedly deserved, as it's hard to find flaws with this immersive, visually and emotionally powerful tale

So real.it was like a documentary every actor was great and the hospital scenes will tear your heart out

It took me awhile to get into the film. But it captured me in it's spell. The cinematography/videography is stunning as well as the acting. Beautiful, heartbreaking. Glorious. Magic that slowly casts it's spell.

Not every one will understand this kind of situations. A lot of woman now days still doing this kind of jobs, which I think is really sad because there's not other way. In Latin America this is usual as a job. You gotta put your effort, your whole life just doing laundry, cleaning the house,cooking, even taking care the children's of somebody else.
This movie talk too much about it.
Even the manifestation it did happened in 1971, you can google it as the Halconazo.
I really hated Fermin.I almost cry.

I watched two other movies that where nominated for best foreign film 2018 (one beeinng from my own country, both filmed in B&W) and I have to say Roma had the strongest impact on me.
This story about two women at the end of opposite spectrums in terms of social class and life style, struggle with similar life blows - betrayal by loved ones, isolation and fear. What draws you in is the intimacy and simplicity of the camera work and also the plot. Street vendors and dog poo carry larger meaning than usually as they intensify memories of sounds, smells. The film is filled with stills of naturemort scenes, hypnotising the viewer and giving it plenty of time to process the significance of these moments. It's as if viewer is lifted into a children's and the servant's perspective, cutting therefore all the rest of the noise out. The camera work is at times literally as a pause on flashbacks, a meditative reflection. The film inspires us to look back into our childhood and to remember the people there, the stories and characters that often go unnoticed, disappearing into the void of past.

This movie has a very particular story it wants to tell, and it's executed perfectly. When the crucial, harrowing moments come, the viewer understands that they come not just out of a specific cause, but also out of much larger causes involving the whole plot, the story of Mexico in the period, and the whole world. It's a very sad film at times but one that leaves you loving life, which is what a great movie ought to do.

Wow. From start to finish I watched this movie in its original Español sin subtítulos and it was powerful. From the cinematography to the direction and acting, this movie made me more emotional than any I remember watching. Alfonso Cauron's masterpiece in a long career of greatness. Best picture hands down

The best thing to do if you haven't seen this movie is to stop reading anything online and just go see it as soon as you can.I didn't read anything about this movie before seeing it except that Roma referred to the Colonia in Mexico City. I highly recommend not reading anything about it. Just go to a theater and enter into the world Cuaron creates for you and watch what happens.I walked out of the theatre having difficulty breathing. It was so good, so powerful, it took about an hour for me to get it together afterwards.This is a masterpiece. I don't even want to say anything else because I don't want to rob anyone of discovering it the way I did. I can't wait to talk with someone who saw the movie about the movie. Despite wanting to write all about how good it was here, I'm just going to encourage people to see it, and hope we can talk about it in person. He did it. He made great art. Great art changes lives. Thank you Mr. Cuaron.

Very real and painful.
The best critic is the one you do for yourself so, go and watch it.

It may appeal to some people, and that's fine enjoy the movie.
But black and white? Come on, you know this is bad. It's bad. Just... no, no way! This movie is so bad.

My wife (from Mexico) was really excited to see this so we watched it together. We were both extremely disappointed and bored at the end. The lead character hardly speaks or shows emotion in the movie so it would boggle my mind if she won any actress awards. I'm going to be upset if this wins an Oscar for Best Picture because most of the 40+ movies I watched last year were more entertaining than this for me. It's just an ordinary person living an ordinary life, there was little to draw me in to her world or feel an emotional connection to the characters. The movie being Black & White didn't bother me, the story just wasn't special at all. You could basically pick out anybody on the street of Mexico and make a movie about their life....what would the point be to spend 2+ hours watching it? I go to Mexico all the time, there is nothing entertaining or artistic about watching my suegra scrubbing clothes outside. It's not just us, my wife says a lot of her friends and family in Mexico feel the same way about this overhyped movie! If you want to watch a REALLY well shot Black and White movie, check out Night of the Hunter from 1955.

I asked my viewing companion to wake me up when this was over. That was a week ago and we both just started to open our eyes. This movie could put Ambien out of business, expect for the pseudo intellectual critics of course. They'll stay awake for weeks talking the philosophical import of Roma.........sorry, I just dozed off again.

I heard it was a great movie. I sat there and wasted time waiting for it to be a good movie. It is not a good movie. All hype and now i am pissed i even watched it.

The most stunning and poetic-beautiful film I have ever seen. Every single shot of the film feels like a character. The continuously-long shots show so much is going on in the backgrounds from the sounds and images of crowds of people, dogs barking, birds chirping to even planes flying by. These don't feel like distractions because the way Cuaron shoots them (also as his own cinematographer this time) makes them feel like they are these moving pieces of art. As the camera slowly pans through the inside of the family's house and the outside of the city and landscapes of the Mexican country, Cuaron's ability to show-not-tell immerses you into family's daily routines but also into the political climate where it reaches a boiling point in a very climatic scene. The digitally-shot black and white imaginery makes Roma feel like you step into old photograph get re-mastered and then was turned into a moving picture.But it is what's in the foreground that is what really captures our attention in the main character Cleo (a great breakout performance from Yalitza Aparicio). She is the maid to this family that lives next door and takes of their house and children. She has become so accustomed to her work routine that she practically cares and looks after the kids as if they were here own family. And family is definitely the theme to best described this film. Throughout the story the father is rarely ever there as though he does not exist. And the lack of one parental figure has certain affects on Cleo's relationship with the kids and the mother, for better and worse. As the audience watches Cleo and become more invested in her personal life throughout the story, the changes in her emotional state begins to affect you.Roma is a film packed with so many tones and emotions. There are many moments that are awkward, funny and quirky. These moments allow these characters to feel comfortable enough to show their spontaneous and optimistic sides. And then there are some where the story takes dark turns that deliver one hell of an emotional gut-punch. And by the end you feel just went through rollercoaster of emotions.I saw this film at TIFF this month and while this film is produced by Netflix to be part of their streaming service, I highly recommend you see it in theatres first, if it gets a wide theatrical release this year, because it deserves to be seen on the biggest screen with great sound quality enveloping a large room. Don't let the first time you watch Roma be on your phone or tablet.

Yes, this years oscar contender for best movie... a true life story of the directors childhood nanny, beautifully shot in black and white with outstanding photography. This will pull at your heart strings and punch you in the face with such emotion. A quiet story with a astounding strong female cast. Definately add to your watch list.

If you are looking for a preplum of a movie set in Rome, Italy, your are at the wrong place. The Roma from the tittle refers to a district in Mexico City, where director Alfonso Cuarón grew up and to whom he gives and ode with this cioinema masterpiece.A black and white movie always gets our attention nowadays and if it is a Cuarón one, even more. the story takes place in the 70s and it expands through one year in the life of wealthy family maid. But if you are eager for some soap opera kind of movie forget about it. This is not that kind of movie. This is just a movie where things are very real and where things just happen, because the characters are just human beings and life goes on for everybody, one way or another.This movie is really a good piece of art and if you like European or Latin American cinema, you will definitely love it. But if you are expecting some kind of drama and action filled movie, just turn away. What makes the experience more fulfilling is watching it in its orignal version. It is music for your ears. A disfrutar!!

For the ones who say there is no story line maybe they should watch it again? If you want to see and feel the story, you will see it....and hopefully feel it too

From Academy-Award winner Alfonso Cuarón, director of "Gravity" & "Children of Men", with his newest picture, "Roma" he draws inspiration from very personal regions of his own childhood. Set in Mexico City, 1970 (and parts of '71), predominately in the neighbourhood of Colonia Roma - of which the film is titled. The civil unrest and class warfare of time are seen through the eyes of Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio), the gentle maid of Sofía (Marina de Tavira) and her family. Upon falling pregnant, the naïve Cleo must navigate her way through the trials and tribulations that not only befall her, but the evolving city of Mexico around her.With Alfonso Cuarón in more than just the directors seat, he also produces, writes, edits and - perhaps most impressively - cinematographs this piece of film. From a technical aspect, "Roma" is without a doubt a masterpiece. Shot in gorgeous black and white, and comprised of many dazzling long shots that capture even the smallest of details, adding to the intimacy; as well as serving as Cuarón's notable artistic signature: combining long shots and skilfully-choreographed long takes, to maximum effect - whether it be humorous or poignant.Thematically-deep, perhaps "Roma's" most notable theme is that of the place - or more so the perseverance - of women under the thumb of a patriarchal society. Cleo, our protagonist, is the heart of this film; she lives a relatively modest existence, vacillating from her duties to Sofía, and occasionally frequenting a short-term boyfriend; but the obstacles that face her - as well as Sofía - are testament to the endurance and strength of women - with Cuarón clearly modelling these characters with some thought of the woman in his life in mind.Upon the films ending, this specific audience member was left in a stunned silence; hypnotised and truly moved by what I had just watched. "Roma" is a film so narratively-rich and deeply heartfelt, conjured from such a personal place in the directors own life. Cuarón can add this to his ever-growing list of masterpieces: "Children of Men", "Gravity" and now: "Roma".

First off, let's get it straight, this film is NOT black and white-it is grayscale, and no, it's not synonomous. The correct term is grayscale.This is an amazing work of art, not overrated, not overhyped. True to it's astetic and substance. That airplane will just put you in a trance, some faraway thought.There was most definitely a couple of scenes that ripped my heart right out. I will not say which ones, but indubitably a mine field.This is the kind of film you must watch over and over again. You will find treasure each time.

It felt so great to get out of the mainstream cinema mindset and ran into this. Beyond raw masterpiece. The cinematography and color grading were so clever and beautiful it transported you to the time period. And the emotions were perfectly placed. It came it the right moment and nothing was forced. There's no twist no big surprises just life.

It's a complicated symphony of emotions that starts with a subtle insight at a maids life and quickly turns into a complicated emotional net with heartbreak, confusion, desperation and guilt.
Although at first the movie is slow and random, you can see it is building the characters around Cleo, the main character in the film, and you end up completely immersed in their life and caught up on their struggles, it's difficult to avoid feeling something.The detail in each scene is completely overhwelming, as a Mexican you can see how old logos, places and products where reproduced just as seen in the 70s.A small glimpse to an ordinary life full of sorrow and joy, fear and peace. It's a close inspection of the human condition, life at its purest form. Feels refreshing to see something other than a washed up drama or a gun filled action film.One personal story told with exceptional mastery, one that feels close, as if it could happen to us.

This film is an emotional roller-coaster. It is beautifully shot and directed by Alfonso Cuaron. It is about a family in Mexico in the 1970's. They have a nanny named Cleo who is at the heart of the film.We see the family has love for Cleo but it at first always a servant. The opening shot of the film is so beautifully crafted you wonder how the filmmaker did it. You at that moment i think know your in for something special. The sound and music in this film so moving and evokes a real feeling inside you. The black and white photography is done so well and it times you forget your watching a film in another language. I dont want to say too much more about this because I dont want to give to much away. But do yourself a favor and watch this on the biggest screen you can find and not on a computer screen. You owe it to yourself. This film reminded me why I really love movies and went to film school and studied film.To go and see something different from what you have seen before. To get a slice of life from a family you wouldn't otherwise ever see in every day life. This is one of the best films of the year if not the best. I still of others to see. This film deserves serious Oscar consideration. I highly recommend this film.. .

The title refers to the neighborhood in Mexico City where Director Alfonso Cuaron grew up in the 70s. It could just have easily been entitled 'Libo' for the movie is the filmmaker's reflection on the woman who helped raise him - his family's maid. The fictionalized story renames the woman Cleo (a lovely natural performance by newcomer Yalitza Aparicio).ROMA takes it's time developing its story-line. It's less a series of events, as much as an observation of a year in the life of Cleo and the family she cares for. It has been described, somewhat incorrectly, as Neo-Realist. Shooting in Black & White and having a story involving the poor does not automatically denote Neo-Realism. The movie is Cuaron's ode to his childhood. It's a memory movie, told from HIS perspective - not of Cleo's and the underclass. What makes the movie work is Cuaron's careful attention to the smallest details - simple eye contact, the food, child's play and washing dog droppings on the driveway. Important events happen to Cleo and the family, but, they are presented in the unhurried manner that feels truer than in most contrived screenplays.The aforementioned Black & White cinematography is by Cuaron himself (his regular cameraman, Emmanuel Lubezki was unavailable). The camera-work feels very much 'directed'. At times, you can almost feel Cuaron steering the camera to capture exactly what Cuaron, the Director, feels is critical. The effect cuts both ways. On one hand, it becomes a true Auteur project (Cuaron also writes and is the co-editor!). On the other, it further emphasizes that this is CUARON's story, and not that of Cleo and the other characters. In that way, Cuaron comes between the viewer and the action on screen.Much has been made about Aparicio's performance, and, it is a wonder. Much of the other cast are also non-professionals (in that way, it does have a connection to Neo-Realist cinema) and they perform ably. The other tech credits are solid, but, the main discussion has been on the 65mm Digital photography (a somewhat confusing moniker that has some believing it was shot on actual film). The larger sensor does give it a clearer image than traditional digital camerawork, but, seen in a movie theater on DCP, still lacks the richer black level and silvery white level of actual 65mm Film. For all the acclaim (and awards) Cuaron and ROMA's cinematography has gotten, it still resembled Grey & Greyer more than true celluloid B&W.ROMA is a lovely memoir. It isn't a movie to be dissected as one would normally do for its plotting. It is best to let it wash over you - just as the movie frequently does with water flowing and jets gliding above.

ROMA is so not much the luminous recollection of the past stressed by many as a neo-realist panorama intensified by an raptuously detailed recapture of things past. It differed from most neo-realist masterpieces --BICYCLE THIEVES, LA TERRA TREMA-- not only in the radiance imbuing every detail because of obsessive recollection, but in the the social range of its vision, which encompasses all social classes and addresses issues of patriarchal and racial as well as class injustice. It not only delivers on the neo-realist concern for the the details of the physical environment -- the street scenes and work places -- of the social world, but invigorates the neo-realist language with spectacle -- the sportsfield, political demonstration and its police repression, the roar of the sea. One apparent precedent for this combination of rapturous memory, social realism and spectacle is John Ford's HOW GREEN WAS MY VALLEY, but ROMA is free of the Ford film's sentimental excesses - singing miners that seem ready to parade their way into a Broadway musical, familial intimacy belied by exclamatory performances.Immersive, instructive, and heartbreaking

Kept asking myself what is going on here? When will the storyline kick in? I gave it 40 minutes and turned it off. At least I gave it a chance. Not my type of film by a long shot. Slow and storyless.

I need to watch it again because I definitely missed why it is receiving so many accolades. I couldn't keep my eyes open.

A stunningly beautiful cinematic masterpiece. A heart-wrenching and heartwarming story of love and family.

This film is set for the early 1970s in grayscale pictures..!
even though, even the North Korea was able to produce color films at that time..!!
and they won best pictures.. LOL

"I just watched this film and I didn't really like it that much as everyone else does. But I have no idea why I don't."This film creates exceptional reality with the details of the characters, and how they traverse with each other in their day-to-day lives. The way that the characters related to one another, and spoke with each other was just as if we went away for a short time into our cinemas or screens, to view a family 50 years ago go about their lives. It was an amazing film to experience as an aspiring filmmaker, but because of all that realism, I felt it left something crucially important out.Watching this film was like going out on a date with an attractive girl/guy who had all the great features they can have, but there was no real personal connection with me. They just sat there on the date in front of me, telling me about their lives and what they did, instead of having any real relation with them about what they do or have done.The reason that I think most people dislike this film (for the odd reasons they state) is that there was no film to audience connection, or in other terms, that it was passive. Yes of course there was continual heart warming emotion displayed throughout all areas of the scenes, but some of the scenes conveyed too much realism (yes too much) to not even address the audience watching the film. And no, if you are thinking that the film should have been more active with the viewer, with on-the-nose dialogue, or voice-overs towards the audience, no. I just wanted a reason to keep watching, that's what connection is within a film. Yes the acting, cinematography, editing, etc was all superb, but there was no real reason I wanted to play along with the film.I felt that it was as if the film was so well executed it won the hearts of many cinema lovers, and filmmakers, but it did not cater for the audience of the world who aren't into the minor details of cinema. A good story is something that the audience should be apart of from the opening scene, to the ending shot- as to be honest, I sadly didn't feel within this film, like the quote stated above.It spent too much time looking good for the people, instead of really delving into the hearts of the audiences, which is what I personally love out of a good film. As a filmmaker however, I can definitely say I will be watching this again and again due to its immaculate execution of filmography and craft.Thank you Alfonso Cuarón.8/10
j.kurtzer

BRAVO, BRAVO, BRAVO!!!. I have no words to describe this. Thank you Alfonso Cuarón for having given us such a wonder of a cinematographic experience. Technically I cannot imagine how a film can be better. But this is not the whole story, actually technical aspects are just a complement of what is one of the greatest stories ever shown on cinema. Sadly many people here say things like "it has no story", "it's boring" and so on, how unfortunate it must be to lack the sensitivity to appreciate and properly understand a story which is as compelling as the most intricate imaginable plot. The personage of Cleo is one of the most moving, elaborated, complex and realistic in cinema history, and the interpretation of Yalitza Aparicio is of eleven out of ten, perfection made intrepretation; each of her facial expressions throughout the film describes a whole inner world so precisely that you can actually read her soul. The story may seem simple at first sight, but it is full of details of deep meaning and complexity, from the small stories of every personage to the Mexican society and urban life in a particular historical time (amazingly recreated down to the most intimate details). It's many years since I had not seen people applauding at the end of a film, today it happened, and I was touched. BRAVO!, again.

I started ROMA a month ago, and dropped it in the first five minutes. It broke movie rule #1 - hook me with a compelling teaser immediately to justify the next two hours.
After watching the attention it got at the Golden Globes I decided to give it a second shot.
It made a mess of me.The beauty of Roma's story is it's utter lack of explosions, fire fights, and gratuitous breastage. It drops our guard, making the combination of bourgeoisie life, thinly sheltered from 3rd world life, and challenges addressed in nuance, gut wrenching. The film provides regular tropes, and addressed them in ways that betrayed my suspension of disbelief expectations over and over, until the final vignette had me climbing my chair and bawling in anxiety. But it wasn't the only scene that accomplished that. Cuaròn's cinematography slow burns, and builds with little fanfare that creeps under your skin without your permission.
It's gorgeous, raw, humanist storytelling. The best thing I've seen all year.

Alfonso Cuarón's "Roma" is about a maid working for a middle class family in Mexico City in 1970-71, but overall focuses on a couple of things. The obvious point is Mexico's social hierarchy. The protagonist is Mixtec, while her employers are white. One scene pans across the rooftops, showing the maids hanging people's clothes. Equally important is the political situation in Mexico at the time. Industrialization in the 1950s and 1960s had driven millions of rural people into the capital, where they had to live in slums. The years of Cuarón's childhood were marked by the army's massacre of protesters in Tlatelolco right before the Olympics started, and then by the Corpus Christi Massacre (which the movie depicts). The depiction of the father abandoning the family brings to mind Cuarón's expose of Mexico's ruling class in "Y Tu Mamá También" (which also showed the country's hierarchy).On top of this, the city itself is just as much a character as any of the cast members. The locales - whether the upscale neighborhood where the family lives, or the slum from whence the maid comes - and the various sounds mark almost every scene in the movie. Indeed, much of the movie is minimalist, emphasizing the action. It all adds up to another fine piece of work from one of Mexico's three great directors of the past thirty years. I recommend it.

I watched 'Roma' at the cinema a few days before its Netflix release and it was the best idea ever! As a Mexican, I was naturally curious to watch the film everyone has been talking about. I have always admired Alfonso Cuaron's work, particularly films such as 'The Little Princess' and 'Y Tu Mama Tambien'. However, it wasn't until the 2010s when he consummated his career after the 'Children of Men' and 'Gravity'. It is evident that he has made an impact in recent years and I truly believe he is one of the most talented filmmakers today.'Roma' is powerful in the whole extent of the word. It is not only different and captivating, but also very artistic and honest. It is a filming exercise that reminds us that style, narrative and emotion can be best achieved when excelling traditional cinematic language. The simplicity of this film was captured beautifully with highly skilled cinematography, which Cuaron developed himself. Every frame was methodically crafted in the form of a black and white portrait that perfectly reflects the nostalgia of a 1970s Mexico.I am extremely amazed by Yalitza Aparicio, an Indigenous Mexican young actress, taking the lead in this film. Her performance is of such greatness that she carries the whole film by herself in an exceptional manner. She is absolutely natural, brave and unique. I do believe that she deserves an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress and hope she gets it.The reason why this film has to be seen on the big screen is to fully appreciate the extent of Cuaron's cinematographic work. Moreover, sound mixing, production design and editing are also best experienced in cinemas. Obviously, this film needs to be rewatched on Netflix at home.Without exaggerating, I believe this film will make history. I do not think Cuaron implements any new techniques or breaks any schemes. Nevertheless, he brings back the organic cinematic expression and therefore, 'Roma' will be remembered for long. 'Roma' is undoubtedly one of the best films of the year. It's the intimate work of an extraordinary filmmaker, and it's worth recognising this masterpiece as a genuine example of 'the seventh art'.Score: 10/10FJ Medina

Roma is the best movie of 2018 and the best movie Alfonso Cuaron ever made. Story is heartbreaking and very inspirational. I don't know where he found the lead actress but that performance was phenomenal. Uhh don't let me start about cinematography. Cinematography is so amazing and it is one of the best this decade. Cuarons details and long shots makes this visual masterpiece. The black and white are used so well in this film in a way you couldn't even imagine.
Oscars Roma should get:
1. Best Picture
2. Best Foreign Film
3. Best Director
4. Best Cinematography
5. Best Original Screenplay
6. Best actress (but it will be close with Close :P)
7. Maybe Best supporting actress but I haven't seen The Favourite

Many films use a sense of nostalgia in portrayals of times gone by, but few do it in quite as powerful fashion as Alfonso Cuarón's Roma. A deeply immersive film at every moment, perfectly capturing the time period and pulling you in right from the start, Roma is a slow and patient drama that you just can't take your eyes off, something that's furthered by exceptional cinematography, wonderful performances, and a slow-burn but deeply emotional story throughout.Now, when I say nostalgia, I don't just mean that Roma is full of 70s clichés to make the setting look convincing, I mean that a deep passion and personal attention to detail has gone into every single frame of the film, something that lends it an extraordinary depth of emotion and beautiful authenticity in a way that I've very rarely, perhaps never, seen before.As a semi-autobiographical story written by Cuarón himself, the film is clearly influenced by the director's memories of his childhood, as we see loving attention paid to the smallest of details throughout, yet it's that very practice that makes Roma such a moving and genuine film. Whether it be the small quirks of the family dog, the awkwardly tight driveway next to the house, or the everyday arguments between siblings, it's evident at every moment that this is a film with a deeply personal core, and through all of those tiny details, it helps you to relate all the more to the story being played out before you.And then we have the story of the maid, Cleo, played beautifully by Yalitza Aparicio. Once again, the portrayal of her dedicated, kind-hearted and loving character is something that very likely comes from Cuarón's own experience, so tender is the presentation and appreciation of Cleo throughout. That, combined with Aparicio's wonderfully understated yet endlessly likable performance, allows for Cleo to really stand out on screen, even if she is a woman of few words.You may think at first that Roma is a little slow and a little too quiet, but it's the patient and elegant build-up over the course of the film that really makes it worth it, and particularly in the case of Cleo, we see someone who you may think of as perfectly ordinary, but the film does an incredible job of showing how extraordinary she can be at times.On the flipside, the film isn't without its darker moments, and while the nostalgia and very intimate portrayal of the family is undoubtedly Roma's most moving element, the story further emphasises the importance of familial bonds through its portrayal of the more difficult moments in life, coming to a head particularly towards the final act.What's great about Roma is that it isn't a showy drama. Like I've said, it's all about the little things that add up to make it such a moving watch, and even when we do witness some deeply heartbreaking moments, the film keeps its feet on the ground and allows you to retain the same connection with the characters, no matter whether there at the highest of highs or lowest of lows, something that the screenplay does absolutely amazingly.The other most noteworthy part of Roma is its incredible visuals. Black-and-white cinematography is always used for a reason nowadays, and crafting a nostalgic vision of the past is one of its strongest suits, as is clearly proved here. What's more, however, is that the rather bright and stark contrasts of the black and white on screen are clearly indicative of the joys and suffering in both this family and the wider community's lives, and the use of that simple yet striking colour pallette from the start really helps to establish an atmosphere that allows for both immense joy and deep heartbreak to really move you.Also, in keeping with the understated tone, the film features some beautifully elegant camerawork that further immerses you in the setting, with slow yet dynamic pans across rooms and city streets, starkly powerful long take sequences, and a continual focus on Cleo, keeping her in frame for the majority of every scene she's a part of, further deepening the emotional connection with her that makes the story so engrossing.Briefly, if I were to have one problem with Roma, it would be that it's not the most widely accessible film. As a very personal and intimate piece, Alfonso Cuarón puts a lot of focus into the little things that make up the family in the story, however there is less attention paid to the wider socio-political context of the time, something that can occasionally leave you a little confused if you don't have a strong knowledge of modern Mexican history and culture.Contemporary politics and culture of course play a role in the story, however Roma is a film that focuses on a more normal story that ends up passing through moments of wider significance. Overall, it's far better that it does exactly that, as it cements the deep intimacy you feel with the characters on screen, further immersing you in the time period, but (like me) if you're not of Mexican heritage, or are rather unaware of what was going on during the early 1970s in the country, then the film can often prove a little inaccessible to really get to grips with.On the whole, however, Roma is a truly wonderful film that surpasses so many others in its use of nostalgia and memory, totally immersing you in its time period, and allowing you to develop an unbreakable emotional bond with its main characters, particularly Cleo, played in beautifully understated fashion by Yalitza Aparicio, and furthered by endlessly elegant visuals, the film is a deeply engrossing watch from start to finish.

Let me start out by saying that Roma (2018) is something that I feel I've never experienced before. I've seen many personal films but this one isn't just personal. Sr. Cuarón here gives a glimpse into his heart, and transports us into a universe of feeling that envelopes the viewer in such a way that you can't help but watch.Roma is easily one of the most beautiful films of the last twenty years. Everything about it is nearly impeccable: the direction, the cinematography, the editing, the set design, the acting, the story. It all comes together to give us a glimpse into something we all take for granted: life. We are brought into the life of a simple maid of a middle class Mexican family who is simply living right in front of our eyes. I see many low ratings and reviews here stating that the film was "boring" and "had no story". Those of you who wrote these reviews obviously do not have a true grasp on the art of cinema. What makes seeing movies so great is being able to see life as it happens and to relate to the characters on screen and what happens to them. Roma does this tremendously. The story is deceptively simple, and yet you feel as if you are watching an epic sprawl out before you.Alfonso Cuarón has outdone himself here. Putting every fiber of his being into this motion picture. In every frame you see a glimpse of him and the experiences he has had in life. One thing I appreciated immensely was his choice to do the film in black and white as it gave the film timelessness that really made you feel as if you were watching someone's life play out right before you. That and his choice of camera work. The long extended scenes that allowed you to take everything in, every detail. It's breathtaking.Now I must comment on the acting which, as an aspiring actor, is my favorite part of any film. Here it is one of the things that elevates the film to a masterpiece. Yalitza Aparicio, an unknown before this film, here delivers one of the most astonishingly human performances I've ever seen on film. You can see every emotion she feels written on her face, to the point where she doesn't have to say anything to convey what she's feeling. It's a tremendous performance that deserves to be seen by everyone who can see it. And of course, we can't leave out Marina de Tavira. Her performance is one of the films most startling. You see this film is essentially about two women. The story is focused on Cleo, we see everything through her eyes and experiences. And this is how we see Sra. Sofía. She is essentially in the background most of the time. But de Tavira's performance reveals so much. Little by little, we are shown a broken and abandoned woman. A mother who is simply trying to keep her family together, and pick herself back up in the process. It's a subtly heartbreaking performance, and has easily become one of my favorite performances by an actress this year.I can't heap enough praise on this film, so I'll just say this: if you have an appreciation for great cinema, see this film. Because I promise you, it's one of the most immersive and emotionally astounding films you'll ever see.

You do not have to be Mexican to get this movie... it's by far the most poetic, clear in its message foreign movie I've seen this season. It transcends timelessness and nostalgia in a black and white veil of perfection.

This film is true to its time, its place, and human nature. It's a complex emotional memoir told with a focus on, but not the point of view of, an indigenous maid in a very typically middle class family in Mexico City. I found it evocative of Ingmar Bergman with a touch of Luis Buñuel.

I'm going to be honest and say I wasn't expecting a good movie. Yes the beginning is slow, but you start to get engaged and start enjoying what's happening, I'm from Mexico so it was like traveling in time to when those things used to happen. It's very good if you pay attention and stop thinking about how boring/slow the movie is. The emotion is there, the feelings of a mother losing a child she was scared to have, the acceptance, the grief. I would've liked another ending though. It was very good overall.

I am one of the few so-called millenials who appreciate and love these types of films.Roma is set in 1970 to 1971 in Mexico, and we follow the life of a young maid working in a middle-class home.The cinematography is so beautiful. I am simply captivated watching this whole movie. It is not for everyone because it is slow-paced, but that's not my problem. I don't know but I really love these kinds of movies.

Best Drama Movie Of Year!
Different With Everything.

There is no shortage of good reviews for this film, and I'm going to add to them quickly. But I'll start by noting there are a number of reviewers who did not like the movie, and I think it was often for the same reasons I liked it.First of all, the black and white cinematography is startling. It gives and gives. Not only is it fluid and almost tender, panning in consistent ways slowly across this Mexican world, but it has so much detail (70mm film detail) that you can look and look and keep finding. Almost as if you were there. And yet there are those who just don't like the restraint of black and white. Would this have worked in color? Of course, in a different way. But the difference would be critical--it would try to make it more "real" rather than a portrait of a young woman's world seen from a distance.A distance of time, and of shifting memories. As much as this film is quasi-documentary, you never once think it's truly a documentary. It has too much cinematic beauty. So you enter that world of cinema that is so wonderful, a created world (not a re-created one). And you are then in the hands of the moviemakers.Director (and cinematographer, and writer, and producer, and co-editor) Alfonso Cuarón is clearly making what is "his" film here, though the acting is also a key to the success overall. But in planning what to show and what to emphasize in this young maid's life, he finds something that isn't autobiographical, but rather simply perceptive and honest and empathetic. We feel for all young women in their roles as servants to the rich, with the good and bad that goes with it.A great achievement, and one for film buffs and lovers of older films above all. I know Cuarón is one of those, and I hope you are, too, because this will make your day.

Roma (2018) was written and directed by Alfonso Cuarón. I find it incredible that Cuarón also did the cinematography. (It's amazing to consider a director who actually operates the camera.)Despite the title, this is a Mexican movie. (Roma is a district in Mexico City.) The protagonists are sophisticated members of the upper middle class. There's one exception--the lead role of Cleo is played by Yalitza Aparicio. Cleo is the maid. She comes from a poor rural area, and is clearly of indigenous heritage. (In fact, the actor Yalitza Aparicio is, indeed from a poor rural indigenous village.)The movie actually has two plots. One is of a upper middle class family in crisis. The other is the Dirty War carried out by the Mexican government in 1971. (The movie is set in 1971.) When we hear the term "Dirty War," we think of Argentina. However, Mexico had its own terrible Dirty War, and it is featured prominently in the film.This is a great movie. The plot is wonderful, the direction is wonderful, and the cinematography is wonderful. Who could believe that one person could carry this off? Well, not only one person. The other person is Yalitza Aparicio.Aparicio is a superb actor. As director Cuarón has said, "Without Cleo, the movie doesn't work." I would add that without Aparicio, Cleo wouldn't work. It's impossible to believe that Roma was her first movie, but it's true. I'm certain that she'll become a star.The movie itself has a very high IMDb rating of 8.3. As soon as it reaches 25,000 ratings, it will be in the IMDb top 250 movies of all time.We saw the film at Rochester's excellent Little Theatre. It will work better on the large screen, but is still worth watching on a small screen. Don't miss it!

There's a reason Roma has received more praise than any other film this year. Every shot is beautifully shot and is full of details that make it feel simultaneously real and poetic. That's the real magic of Roma I think, how Cuaron has created a realistic experience that is also highly stylistic. It's incredible. From the start, when we see water spill over the floor and a plane reflected in it, we know we're in for a treat.Cuaron's characteristic long takes are a big part of what makes the visuals so special. They allow you to marvel at the framing and the detail of the world. There are few close-ups. This type of visual storytelling doesn't tell you what to look at or what to think. Some, used to Hollywood hand-holding, might not like this. One of the most powerful scenes is seeing Cleo give birth to a stillborn child. The whole thing is presented on one shot, with no time jumps, immersing the viewer with its realism. The still shots also heighten family drama to another level. The mother telling the kids their father isn't going to come back is such an emotionally engaging scene in part because of the fact that it is a several-minute scene in one take.Most beautiful are the scenes simply showing the city and the landscape, such as where the camera tracks Cleo walking down a sidewalk. The dirt, the bustle and the atmosphere are all captured perfectly in these slice-of-life scenes, which display a great attention to detail. You can see so many things as the camera moves past, a woman shaking out an awning and so on. You also see social disparities communicated through the details.While the political turmoil is not the main focus, it is present. The Corpus Christi Massacre is shown with horrible realism. There is no graphic violence here, just a display of what this chaos had on ordinary people. This is far more distressing than watching graphic gore.It's not just the visuals that have led to Roma's praise. Cuaron has a way of expressing his memories of Mexico in a way that is realistic and objective, yet poetic and personal. The wide shots don't tell you what to think, yet they give you so many things to think about. The character drama is purposeful in its build-up, regularly refusing to be sensationalist and soapy. Someone used to lesser films might expect more outbreaks of violence and shouting. Instead, the character drama is handled in a defter way.The forest fire scene is one of the most controversial in Roma. It's undeniably well shot, lodging itself into your mind. What is the meaning of the singing man in the suit? Is his apparent lack of care about the destruction going on around him a symbol of the zero stakes he has in the rich world he isn't really a part of? Cleo joins in fighting the fire while the man is the single person who doesn't. Not only does this scene tell us about the unnamed man but it also tells us about Cleo.And Cleo is undoubtedly the focus of the film. She is the character whose story sweeps you into 1970s Mexico. It is remarkable that despite her status as a servant, she is a bigger part of the family than the father. Many scenes show her special qualities, yet she is a nuanced, remarkably fleshed out character. The conflict between her role as a part of the family and her separate life is the main source of tension in the film. This conflict is itself used to comment on inequality in Mexico as the father of her child abandons her at the first opportunity, leaving her in a desperate situation where if she has her child she will be unable to continue her job the same way as before but as a result will be unable to care for it. The fact that it ends up being stillborn allows her to evade the full implications of that question, but the fact that she had been hoping for it to be stillborn is a twisted commentary on the harsh reality of life if you are poor.Despite the tragedy, Cleo's failure to build her own family makes a resolution to her inner conflict possible. It doesn't happen straight away; at first she is at a distance from the kids at the beach. But in the powerful climax, when she is needed, she makes her choice. It's a masterful ending to a masterful character study.

The photography just amazing! Typical and not! At the same time

Roma is a film about life. It's about all of the beauty of the human condition as well as the brutality and suffering that goes along with it.The story follows a maid in Mexico City who tends to a well-off family and her experiences with them and the other people in her life. Through beautiful shot composition that add to a sense of realism, the plot moves like a flowing river. By the end, you will have gasped, laughed, cheered, and maybe cried with our main character Cleo.The film is so well shot and edited. It lingers and moves deliberately, always letting you soak in what it wants to show you. Even when things get tense with the odd natural disaster or near death experience, it never feels like it needs to move faster and get a reaction out of you. Plenty of times I got lost in the scenery and forgot about the characters on the screen. I felt like a trespasser into Cleo's life at times. In a pivotal scene in a movie theater, I started watching the movie the characters are supposed to watch and lost track of the conversation they had and I felt like I was intruding on their business. It felt like I was in the theater with them, sneaking bits if their conversation as if I was eavesdropping on them. To say the least, this film immersed me in its world so well. The sound design is minimal and adds to the realism. With the odd bit of song being sung or being played over the radio, but never as background music. The bare sound adds to the realistic atmosphere created and really lets the film breathe at times.This is a great film and definitely one I'll have to watch again soon. It was funny, tragic, and beautiful, just like how real life can be.

Roma motivated me to journal my life again. We live life within a narrow minded existence without appreciation of the many wonderful things going on around us. Actual life is fill with cultural diversity, historical moments, and opportunities to care for others. Roma eloquently portrayed this with Cuaron's life as the backdrop and the common tread of life's traumas which can be only be subdued with love, forgiveness, and unity. I loved this movie because it presented "life" with incredible cinematography. It engages one to the point of experiencing tears of anger and of joy. My hope is that many will experience the same feelings and will be encouraged to write their own life story. Viva Roma!

"Roma" (2018 release; 135 min,) brings the story of Cleo, a live-in maid/nanny/housekeeper to a middle-class family in the Roma neighborhood of Mexico City. As the movie opens, we see her cleaning the house, making lunch for the 4 kids, and we get to know the couple, a doctor and his wife. It all seems quite idyllic. The doctor then needs to attend a conference in Montreal, but in reality he is separating from his wife... At this point we're 10 min. into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: when we last heard from writer-editor-photographer-producer-director Alfonso Cuaron, it was 2013 when he went on to win multiple Oscars for the stand-out film "Gravity". Having taking his time to decide what to do next, Cuaron went on to revisit his own self, taking a look at his upbringing in Mexico City. The movie is set as 1970 turns into 1971, when Cuaron himself was 8-9 years old. The movie centers around the ups and downs in the life of Cleo, one of the two maids in the family, but of course along the way we follow the family itself, as Cleo is an integral part of the household. The genius of the movie s that Cuaron simply observes characters in which we become emotionally involved, and then lets the camera roll, often in a single shot that lasts for minutes on. Shot in nuanced B&W, the movie itself becomes very nuanced, and breath-taking. Check out the New Year's Day celebrations, as the family visits an uncle, and Cleo ends up going to a separate celebration for the locals, and she wistfully raises a glass "to a beautiful 1971", not realizing what awaits her yet. Yalitza Aparicio (a complete unknown to me) is masterful in her role as Cleo. Keep an eye out for the sweeping photography when there is unrest in the city as students/rebels clash against police, wow, just wow. I had recently made my "10 best of 2018" movie list, and after I saw "Roma", I immediately realized that I needed to redo that list, as "Roma" is the best movie of the year, period. Yes, it is THAT good."Roma" premiered at this year's Venice film festival, and has slowly been rolling out to US theaters. It finally opened at my local art-house theater this weekend here in Cincinnati, and I couldn't wait to see it. The Saturday early evening screening where I saw this was attended okay (about 20 people), and the audience was spellbound (you could hear a needle drop upon the movie's concluding scene). If you have an interest in a HUMAN story that will touch you in more than one way, I'd readily suggest you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray. "Roma" is a WINNER all the way.

First off, if you pause the movie at any mintue it is a work of art. Camera work is amazing, most beautiful movie of the year. The story is a little slow at the beginning but it catches up later. It is the most complete movie of the year, and if it does not win at least an oscar definitely someone has something against Cuaron.
The story has every thing it needs, it has an emotional appeal, at different moments, tension rises. Just all in all wonderful

The writing, acting and directing were great but the cinematography and audio really stood out to me. It was so easy to imagine being right there with the characters. A complaint is that some of the shots at the beginning seem like they're taking a lot of time showing us nothing, but the movie really picks up and earns the 2 hour runtime. I advise anyone to see this film. My thoughts may change when I rewatch it.

This astonishingly photographed and acted black & white from one of the greatest filmmakers from the last decade, Alfonso Cuaron, will get through your senses as if you were living there, in that troubled age in Mexico.Amongst the intense drama that define the whole movie, you get to laugh once or twice, but always focusing on a thin and not forced sense of humor, handled as a veil that covers the proximity to the climax.I had the opportunity to catch this flick on a local cinema in my town (in Mexico), a great detail from Netflix to release it in the big screen before it's plataform launch, and oh boy, I gotta tell you, it was like a christmas present, please watch this marvelous film asap, because it will be talked and discussed for a long time from now on.

Truly a beautiful story, told with beautiful cinematography, that shows the beautiful scenery as well as using a colour palette that suits the film's tone, as well as amazing production design and editing, all being used in capturing the film's beauty and realism. The actors all did a phenomenal job as portraying their characters, with giving us incredible emotional moving performances, that helps capture the realism, all in all, creating a believable, life like performance.Overall, this film was absolutely beautiful, a masterpiece. I hope this film dominates the Oscars. It has been nominated for ten Oscars, and this films deserves to win every award it gets nominated.

This movie tells the story of a year in the life of Cleo, and it brought me to tears quite a few times. Not just for parts of the dialogue and drama, but also for some of the shots.If you like beautiful movies, you need to see this. It will be sitting with me for awhile.

Every single thing about this movie is arts. Each scene is just painting.
The story will get you I promise. Watch it without any doubt.

I want to start my review by saying that I am Mexican. I find incredible, how Alfonso Cuarón took disconnected events happening within a family and tied together its parts to create this majestic piece of art.Many non-mexicans won't understand some of the background symbolisms, like the very known sounds of the vendors in the streets, or the interactions between such a common "family" (for many of us).My family, for many years, was very similar to the one portrayed in the story. My mom had to find help, when she and my father divorced, so our Cleo came into our lives. I was 5 and my sister 4, and our grandma was also around to help. The bond of our family was so strong that when we had to move to a completely different state, our Cleo came with us. And such as in the movie, my sister was once drawning in the sea and she was the first to realise and went to help, regardless of her not knowing how to swim.All these resemblances to my life, made this movie extremely special for me. But that is not what makes it so special. For me the magic takes place when Cuarón shows you his life (and that of many of us) by allowong the viewers to (kind of) peek through the windows of the family and makes the ordinary become extraordinary.As mentioned before, his delicate attention to details makes you realise that there is nothing left to chance in this movie. Everything is played just as in his mind, following the script of life.The acting of both leading ladies is also worth noticing, is obvious that even the casting had to be perfect and I believe it was. They conveyed the huge array of emotions of everyday life. Heartbreak, love, distrust, sadness, deep melancholy, you name it. Without these two women, the movie wouldn't be complete.The settings, backgrounds and even what I've heard as "the unnecessary long boring intro" blend perfectly good. The camerawork is incredible. The fact that is filmed in black and white had concerned me before starting the movie, but once watching, the black and white made it feel like is one of those flashbacks in the middle of a movie/TV show (I wonder if that is what Cuarón wanted us to feel).I loved to see the beaches of my beloved Tabasco in the movie, so sad they said they were going to Veracruz instead. I was wondering for some time why the scene of the sea looked so familiar, until I saw the blue crab and understood it was right there were my Cleo saved my sister's life.Please watch it with an open mind (especially to the Mexicans out there saying it is so boring or that they can't relate). We can all relate, it is the essence of life itself, human interaction, AMOR.

My expectations were low given its Netflix pedigree but, wowsers, what an absolute masterpiece. Not easily said but truly excellent.The cinematography, the direction, the script, the acting. Amazing. Faultless.Such a delight to be able to leave a rave review for a change.Emotionally tense, raw, real. Such amazing insight into the lives of both the servant girl but also the family. I found them all to be deeply relatable.I can't tell you how I dreaded a tragic ending amidst the many tragedies and tension but we were spared that thank goodness.Highly, highly recommended!!

Cuaron's Roma is undoubtedly one of the best realistic films throughout history, I say this because you'll find yourself lost in Roma, so immersed with how things are happening in a tedious way, much like life itself, that aspect of realism is fully captured by Cuaron as he presents us with an insight so vivid and so clear and raw you could swear that you're watching a real-life events happening in front of you, it gives you the chance to observe and asses and more importantly feel and relate to strong emotions from pain to love and in a manner that is very genuine, in all honesty, Roma is something really special, I can't start to describe how into it I was, I loved how Cuaron chose his camera angels, to provide the maximum presence, it just flows naturally, again at times it feels all too real, and that right there is near impossible to capture in such manner, it takes and lot to make something so simple.The acting is spectacular, almost half the film we're presented with articulate shots that speaks volumes and doesn't need any dialogue to explain it, an also, Cuaron's attention to the background which is a story in and of itself.What I'm trying to say here is Roma is as pure as they come, it's like an untouched part of nature so beautiful and so wild, it demands admiration, so ultimately, Roma is a fine piece of craft and an extremely rare gem, I absolutely, completely, utterly, fully enjoyed and loved this film, the power of film doesn't get stronger than this.

So much to enjoy here.
Beautiful acted, perfect pace and so good to watch a b&w film, so much colour.

Perhaps loved it due to the fact that I'm from the same genaeration of the filmmaker and partly familiar with the same era and its social class. But no doubt it's a masterpiece and will stay tall in film history.

I have waited to watch it until I could give it my full attention and it did not disappoint.This is Alfonso Cuarón's follow up to Gravity (i can't believe he hasn't made anything since then). You can tell it's a very personal movie from him, I really love that it is shot in black & white, I think it fits the themes of this movie very well.set in the 1970's in Mexico City with the city's political war as a backdrop. It's not the easiest watch, it's a long film, slowly revealing what is happening within this family, and this young maid that finds herself in an unfortunate predicament.For this being Yalitza Aparicio's first time acting, I thought she did a phenomenal job. You really felt for her, what she was going through, and you see how just important she is to this family dynamic. From the mom to the grandma to each kid, they all have a unique personality of their own, and the character moments that Cuarón chooses to show is what really makes you connect with these characters - like how the youngest kid in the movie keeps trying to tell his family that he remembers this past life that he had.It is beautifully shot and since Cuarón grew up in Mexico City, he knew exactly the story and the look he wanted to tell.just like with most movies this year, it's not for everyone, critics will love it and anyone that appreciates a slow build in movies. just give this one a chance, let it wash over you and soak in all it has to offer.

A rich family, a large house, a bunch of kids of all ages, a chaotic household, a dog and chiks and birds to complete the anarchic life, Roma tells the story of a maid whose life is woven around the family, who is loved almost like a family member and the kids love her too. She is made pregnant by a passing through irresponsible young man but loses the baby. The mistress of the house loses her husband to another woman. The employee and the employer suffer fate of love in separate ways but the distinction between the rich and poor doesn't count. This rich, placid almost uneventful and yet eventful life is what makes Roma so different and so cinematically unique. The camera watches from a distance but watches it closely.
The movie begins with water poured on the entrance passage and makes it reflect the sky where a plane passes overhead in the sky. The credits roll in the end against the sky between tall building structures when you see planes one by one passing overhead in the sky. This passing of aeroplanes in the sky repeats in many frames. Does Alfonso Cuaron want to convey something through this? I don't know. The rumble of passing plane is creatively used in the soundtrack which is minimal, unobtrusive and yet significant.
The pace of the film is measured which makes it grow into you. The tragic events are not overbearing and yet significant in the lives of maid and her mistress.
The monochrome photography enhances the effect of the images which colour would have taken away the thoughtfulness behind them.
Roma is a masterpiece and I won't be surprised if it wins the best foreign film Oscar.

The level of detail Cuarón uses to tell the story of Cleo is astounding. I don't know much about the technicalities of cinema but I know every frame in this movie was like a poem. I find it incredible that this is Yalitza's first acting credit.

Roma is primarily a story of a maid Cleo and her influence on the people with whom her paths meet primarily in her profession as a maid to a wealthy family. Roma is just not about Cleo but also about the very delicate and minute aspects about our lives which the director has portrayed brilliantly through his cinematography and genius camera work . The shots are slow , the frames are very detailed and unparalleledly realistic . In some sense Roma also intends to show the plight of the women in Mexico of 1969-70 , which is even relavent today but that's not the objective of Roma . Roma is about showing an extremely normal setting in an extremely detailed and flawless way. If you are a person interested in thrill ,action , pace and suspense , then Roma will disappoint you. Else , go for it .

Roma is a breathtaking masterpiece. I had been waiting to watch this movie for two reasons: the first was that I've been following the award season coverage and knew that Roma would be a mayor player this season; the second was that Alfonso Cuarón is one of the leading Mexican directors in the industry and me being Mexican I was dying to see a film that reflected the culture of this country.
The movie follows the life of a Mexican domestic helper who has a special bond with the family she works with. The main thing about the movie is how beautiful and cinematic it is. This is a deeply personal and intimate story, and the cinematography by Alfonso Cuarón captures that and more. I was a little worried the film being black and white, but the end result I can only continue to describes as beautiful.
The story itself was slow pacing, but that's the reason why the movie works so well. It's a slow burn that just keeps going until you realize you deeply care for our main character. The way the story builds is a really great way of Alfonso Cuarón showcasing how perfectly he can construct a story.
Unfortunately, the city where I live in had no theatre showings so I saw it on my tv. This is quality filmmaking at its best, and if your have the chance to see it on a theatre you definitely should grab the chance. Alfonso Cuarón has continued to show how much of a master he is with a camera and I can't wait to see what he does next.

Typically I would wait a few hours to gather my thoughts and write my review. Not this time. There's no need to even doubt the only word that describes this film. Perfection. Absolutely magnificent. There is not a single flaw to be had in this delicately crafted drama. Honestly, I'm slightly overwhelmed with emotions. This is the reason why Alfonso Cuarón is, in my opinion, the greatest director working today. This is why world cinema far exceeds the limitations of Hollywood clichés. This, is pure cinematic bliss. A masterwork in filmmaking. A house maid to a wealthy family soon becomes pregnant and must cope with the responsibility that rapidly approaches. A story primarily focusing on family, thematically conveying unity and faith in times of chaos and conflict. Where both revolutions and arguments are parallels to each other, causing rifts in communities and families. It's a drama entirely focused on a servant who views her employer's family as her own. She's willing to risk her life for them. She looks out for them, cares for them and consistently thinks about them. The inner turmoil which occurs when she unexpectedly becomes pregnant soon manifests into regret, worrying about losing the family she currently has. It's a drama filled with love and tragedy, one that will evoke an array of emotions. Happiness, hatred and sorrow. This plethora allows you to become absorbed in the monochromatic world that Cuarón presents. It transfixes you until the very last scene, pulling you closer word by word. 'Gravity' is my favourite film of all time. Cuarón has had a perfect career. But Roma, well, it might just be his finest work to date. It's a tale filled with personality. You can sense how personal this story meant to him, through his gorgeous editing and cinematography. His childhood memories come to life by utilising captivating camera techniques. Sublime tracking shots, precise panning and his renowned one take scenes. You can't afford to blink. Not even once.Aparicio's performance should not be missed. Not for one second. Incredibly nuanced yet irrefutably powerful. She brings humanity into her character, creating an achingly beautiful individual in the process. Everything about this drama felt real. No Hollywood clichés, no moments of absurdity. Just sheer visceral drama that captures the equilibrium of what it is to be part of a family. Every shot was mesmerising. Every word spoken waa felt. I just can't. I can't. Seriously shaken to the core with how perfect this film was. There is a moment in this film where conflict breaks out on a street. The proceeding twenty minutes was possibly the most emotionally distressing period of time I've witnessed in film. Ever. Cleo is so well developed that I started to cry during the third act. Yes, there were moments of devastation. But I cried because my passion for film as a medium just took over. I couldn't control myself. Cuarón took every aspect of filmmaking and turned it into a work of cinematic art. He understands film in its entirety. Roma not only gets a perfect rating. Not only does it becomes the best of the year by far. It becomes one of the best films I have ever seen.

This film started out making me feel that this is gonna be different. After 1hour of progression i felt the cinematography is top notch and surely gonna be a masterpiece in critic point of view. The next 1hour of the film is so painful and emotional with intense shots. The long shots are handled so well and you dont even notice the background score isn't in this film because such films can be affecting you emotionally without any background score.

I did not know what to expect going into this movie. I came out thoroughly overwhelmed by the emotional impact of the protagonist Cleo's story. But what really gets you is the sense you have, while watching, that Cleo and the other main characters are deeply implicated in an entire larger world, a world re-created for a film but that is so detailed, complex, and vibrant that it feels startlingly real. As such, the dense energy of an entire society seems to be conveyed to us through the quiet and unassuming figure of a lowly maid, the type of person until recently rarely chosen as the center of such an epic look at a time and place, but who emerges as epitomizing the best that society has to offer.As a result, the film is a sort of bourgeois family-saga told through the margins. The story may have an allegorical significance for Mexican society at large. A white family is almost destroyed as its patriarch gives up and takes off, abandoning his wife, four children, the two maids and dog. As everyone is let down by his betrayal, it is Cleo, the indigenous maid, who holds everyone together, through the quiet strength of her loyalty and stability.The film's plot, though, has garnered much less interest than its visuals, of which much has already been made. They are indeed stunning, and do seem to be modeled after the great Mexican tradition of muralism, a consciously social and political art form that portrays moments of great upheaval and change through a panoramic, long-view of Mexican society.However, for me the great success of the film is precisely its success in shifting between the small and the big: it imbeds the close-up, fine-grained story of Cleo and her employer's family within the greater tapestry of the larger world of Mexico City in the 1970s. Throughout the film, the turmoil of the latter increasingly encroaches upon the world of the family's house. In the end, it was the back-and-forth between the intimacy we begin to feel with the characters, the emotional impact of their story and their search for a new equilibrium, and the greater sense we have of an outside world similarly roiled by instability and unforeseeable changes.

It's cold out, and my lips are trembling - I place my hand on my cheek to conceal the tear rolling down my face. a nice little old lady stares at me at the traffic light. I give her a nod and a smile, and then she looks away. I am absolutely fine; ROMA did this to me.as I grapple for the words to express how I feel, I can't help but look back to how this all came to be. how I've longed to see this movie, how I've read every critic review, how I promised myself to see it in theatre - all of this, yet not knowing what to expect.but Alfonso Cuarón has not made a movie. he's carefully crafted an experience; one filled with love, and grief, hope and betrayal; one filled with reality and truth. and he's invited us in, with his hands over our eyes, like a mother leading her child to a surprise.following the end credits, I breathed a deep sigh, thankful that I experienced this in the theatre - not only is it a gorgeously visual experience, it's auditory quality is gracious and lush. there's little to no music, but that is deliberate - you feel every sound (in 4K atmos too), carefully designed to immerse you in this world that Alfonso has created, but Yalitza Aparicio has executed, with acting as opulent as it is captivating.maybe it's me being too vulnerable, and I just might be overselling it, but this film is truly in a world of its own.and so I close my eyes. I hear the water crashing against the shore. I see the tears rolling down Cleo's eyes. I taste the salt in her mouth. I feel the sorrow in Sofia's voice. I am absolutely fine; ROMA did this to me.

I watched Roma at TIFF ( Thessaloniki International Film Festival). The whole theater was full and the expectations from the general public were high. The opening scene was so imersive and could feel that this film would be unique. And,as usual, I wasn't wrong.
The way the film is shot adds so mutch to the experience. There are hundreds of shots that are hardly forgotten and the way certain scenes are lighted is truimphant. The whole movie is a painting, a feast for the eye and you must watch on the big screen to enjoy it
As for the story, Roma is a philosophical, emotional film that uses symbolism to talk about themes such as the ups-and-down of life, the meaning of family and loyalty to eachother and the people that come and go in our lives.
The way certain characters are introduced is so genius (pay attention at the parking scenes). Also, some hints in the backround say a lot about the flm's themes (the constant appearance of airplanes inthe sky). The first too acts are slow and built up for what's to come, because the third act isa total tour de force!
The sound editing andsound mixing is well done really well too! It uses 360 sound effects to immerse you in its painful, but beautiful world. The sound of the water and of the waves is awesome too.
My only issue is probably the fact that if you are paying attention to the film and understand the symbolism, you can easily understand th arc of the main character and that leaves you kind of unenthused.
Overall, Roma is a mature, profound and extremelly well-shot film by a director who has left his mark in every movie genre and I wouldn't be upset if it won the Best Picture or the best Cinematography.
It is a piece of art dedicated to the ones we love and the oneswe miss and shows that even the worst of experiences can mae us wiser and offer us an opportunity to a better life.Must-watch
8/10
9 on a second watch ( when it comes to Netflix)

Review of Alfonso Cuaron's "Roma"It has become expected of Alfonso Cuaron to create a deep emotional and personal connection with the audience, through strongly developed characters and complex but familiar stories combined with often elaborate cinematography, involving music and plenty of symbolism and metaphor - as he did in previous films such as Children Of Men, Y Tu Mama También and Great Expectations - in his latest showing "Roma" he might have taken it a step further.Sometimes subtle and sometimes bold, Cuaron brings you deeper than his other films by shooting in wide format to focus you line of sight and then punch you with memorable scenery, in a low contrast black and white to distract less from the storyline, in mostly natural lighting to make you feel familiar to the environment, with still shots or slow basic camera movements that framed the entire family rather than one character so you'll know is not a story of someone rather that somethings, and with sound production that is so intricate and so masterfully recorded and mixed that is worthy of is own review (and an Oscar).And as far as the story... while your first impresión of Roma might be of a documentary, Cuaron only referenced his upbringing while propelling into a much broader story. And while it may seem lengthy, it's merely just long enough to to carefully present the details.
Roma is not so much a portrait of the once opulent Colonia Roma of Mexico City but largely a display of modern society, specially of the role of women, with all their joys and sorrows, their influence over men and the influence of men over them which happens to be destructive at times.The global appeal of this story is subliminally injected trough the casual passing of an airplane, the karate practicing boyfriend, the the summer home family outing with an American family or the fathers work trips to Quebec but mostly with the story not focusing so much on the idiosyncrasies of Mexican culture but on the very broad appeal of the events of the film. he alludes to the broader appeal in a scene were the family is watching on TV, two astronauts struggling in space, reminiscent to his film Gravity, where we were at the edges of our seats by events that none of us will ever experience while Roma is so personal that is sure to strike a chord with anyone breathing.Cuaron presents all of this through the story of Cleo, a indigenous house maid for a wealthy Mexican family in the 70s. Throughout the film we're presented with the social disparities that plague not only Mexican society but global. Such as in a scene where Cleo prepares a soft boiled egg for one of the children and as she shakes some salt on it, the child takes the salt shaker and pour his desired amount on the egg. Cleo deeply cares for the children and they love her as well but this scene clearly shows us how the children as much as they may respect her see her a mother figure they also have entrenched their role of masters. Or when Cleo was welcomed into the family room to share a tv show with the family and as she sat down one of the children embraced her only to be later asked by the mother to make a tea for the man of the house. You see the Mother embrace and comfort Cleo as a member of the family and the children tell her they love her as she tucks them away while later taking out family frustrations on her.And while these disparities exist, Cuaron also shows how we are also all alike. By a forest fire at the summer home where both the wealthy and the help end up trying to extinguish the flames. In a scene worthy of cinema history by the way. A scene so loaded in meaning. Where all of us were united against the fire. Or when Cleos relationship deteriorates at the same time as the Mothers. They both suffer loss and betrayal in levels devastating to each and that only brings them closer and makes them equal.This is a film about many aspects of life and in many beautiful scenes we metaphorically see how life continues in the face of disaster such when babies are saved from falling debris from an earthquake by the incubator they're sleeping in. Or when we see street vendors pass by as the family is braking apart. But we see this even brighter towards the ending of the film where despite the hardship endured by the family, where the mother facing her new life with four children with her head held high and where Cleo is forced to face her deepest fears and accept her reality, they all drive on.It is not a coincidence that this story of struggle is depicted through the experiences of women. Cuaron clearly places women in their rightful place as pillars of an ungrateful society. Throughout the film you see Cleo scooping up the dogs poop and washing the floor from the garage so the master doesn't run it over with his big fancy car. The message couldn't be clearer.This film places women of all walks of society in a common trait. That of the carriers of life.Alfonso Cuaron has always succeeded in bringing us films that are as emotionally connecting as they are visually rich. Is this a masterpiece for him? Maybe. For cinema? Most likely.

The story of a domestic worker's life and the family she works for at a time of civil unrest in Mexico culminating with the Corpus Christi Massacre in 1971.It is actually quite difficult for a non intellectual to articulate why such a simple story, which is often very slow, is completely absorbing from first frame to last. In many respects it is a very classy soap opera, but made up with so many absorbing scenes which mix high emotion, humour, even shock and great tension that by the end you know the characters so well and empathise with their hardships that you yearn for more.A great film - so clever - shame he doesn't make them very often

This one creeps up on you, but it's worth the effort to stay with it for the climactic emotional wallops. Granted, for much of its languorous two-and-a-quarter hours, "Roma" appears to be another in a long line of staid domestic dramas--the sort of foreign-language pictures that seem to frequently garner some critical praise around awards season, and this one appears all the more artsy with its desaturated black-and-white look. There's the focus on the lower end of class stratification, with the protagonist Cleo, an indigenous Mexican, as a live-in maid to an educated middle-class family of presumably some European ancestry. While the family of her employers struggles from the abandonment of their father, so does Cleo face her own problems being disavowed by the man who impregnated her. Meanwhile, the narrative occasionally cues us into the political turmoil of its setting in early-1970s Mexico, with the poverty, land seizures and redistribution, and the massacre of student protesters. While much of this is of some interest, especially for offering a semi-autobiographical account of the childhood of one of today's premiere filmmakers, Alfonso Cuarón ("Children of Men" (2006) and "Gravity" (2013), among others), the heart of "Roma" is the dramatic arc of Cleo.Characteristic of Cuarón's oeuvre, "Roma" is visually splendid, if often times contemplative, as well. The affect of the story seems to necessitate the tendency for long steady takes, but there are some impressive and even ironic compositions, which are heightened by the tendency of framing in long shots. One of my favorites is the shot of the women and children exhausted while on a supposed vacation, abandoned by their men, as a wedding is celebrated in the background, even though a sequence such as the one in the shop during the street demonstrations may be more technically intriguing. There's also all of the business with the cars and the gated garage filled with dog poop. The significance of the repeated views of airplanes, however, somewhat eludes me for the time being (although I suppose it's a visual representation having something to do with the intimate narrative focus within a broader societal context). The water motif is more obvious, and the parallel tracking shots stand out.As far as an insight into the presentation of the filmmaker, as offered by himself, the self-reflexive scenes of movies-within-the-movie may be the most illuminating. Surely, most will be reminded by "Marooned" (1969) of Cuarón's own space picture, which earned him an Oscar, "Gravity." While that one went so outward that it left the planet, "Roma" may be of comparable innovation despite focusing inward.

Roma was one of the most beautiful films of 2018. The cinematography was stunning, with many great camera movements and long takes. The monochromatic palate of the film perfectly matched its tone. Not only were the visuals beautiful, but the story and characters were as well. The story is told through the eyes of a housemaid, Cleo, who with the family she cares for, goes through a great deal of pain and suffering that depicts the real social and biological pressures women deal with. This translates into a story that feels genuinely real. The emotions felt by the characters felt real. This realism reels you in as you get lost in the story. Cuarón proves again that he can write and direct a film with such precision and emotion behind it.

I didn't know what to expect when I sat down to watch Roma. Yes, I knew Alfonso Cuaron is a talented Academy Award-winning director, but a black and white movie about a maid-I had my doubts. Well, let me tell you, this film is not for children or even the average teenager. It's not for dudes looking for a Marvel action movie, or those who love a romantic comedy. It's my guess, the best audience for this film are for those who like to be entertained by thinking, appreciate art, and are aware of two important points-this film is about the director's life while growing up. And that the title of the film, Roma, is the name of the neighborhood he lived in as a middle-class child in Mexico. That's all you need to know. From that point on you have to be patient and allow the director, who is in total control of the film, to tell you his story through vivid photography, terrific composition, detailed pacing, and touching performances. This is a small personal story told, at times, in an epic way. It's a film that if you look at it in pieces you might find yourself wondering why is the director giving so much time and focusing so much attention to the mundane. Then another sequence can be intense, another brutal. All along Mr. Cuaron is offering hints and nuances again through superb work with the camera and composition to fill in the gaps. Once you look at the film as a whole, you'll get the message. Now the core of the message has to be intellectually analyzed and absorbed-but that's the true entertainment of this brilliantly conceived film.

Never seen deep details like this , i still wondering how they made it , i said again
Amazing

Full of life in every shot, Alfonso Cuaron has proven that he is one of the greatest directors of all time.
Deserved every nomination and it's going do dominate the Oscars for Sure.

This movie is a fine example of the beauty in humanity.

I am going to say that Aparicio is the best actress to ever star in a film, ever. The film's characters are the clinically well acted and have genuine realistic dialogue and interaction. They feel too much like realistic people: Cuaron must have been spying on an actual family for a few years to get communication and characters this well. One field with it drastically suffers in though is it doesn't really have one story it has 50 we don't care about and even though it was specifically set in the 70s, a time of great turmoil, it takes no use of the political atmosphere
Nonetheless, if Aparicio doesn't win best actress I will shoot myself

Quietly and commonly tragic. That's where this film's beauty comes from. However, I would say that there is a degree of cinemanarrative dissonance in that the story being told is one of viscerality, triumph and sorrow but the visual language paints a different picture. Cinematically, the film has beautifully lit shots, masterful camera work and a silky slow pace. It is in this juxtaposition that the film falls short for me. The text and the visuals tell different stories, making the audience feel disconnected from the protagonist. But maybe that disconnection was intentionally done, asking viewers to question their perspective on the everyday tragedy that is so painfully common.

If you're the average movie-goer, you probably think that movies are made for your approval -- that movies should pander to your amusement; strive to make you laugh, cry, feel inspired, etc. And that's fair enough. But Roma is not one of these. It takes its cues from Italian directors De Sica and Fellini more probably than from our own current Hollywood. So, Americans, be advised: Roma does not come to you -- you must go to it. But if you are willing to kick-back, relax, and let yourselves be drawn into the childhood world of writer/director Alfonso Cuarón's 1971 Mexico, in all its political and socioeconomic turmoil, and into the lives of sweetly resilient women who once nurtured and protected him there, you will find your cinematic magic. Let this film wash over you like a warm bath, transfix you, mesmerize you. Demand nothing from it. Expect nothing. I promise you'll emerge with a profound appreciation for life beyond yourself, for the lives of other people, and those many unsung heroes we usually never notice. You'll love your own home more, your own people. In this way we are privileged to experience Alfonso Cuarón's artful masterpiece. Roma is a major contribution to the craft of cinema, and exemplifies with exceptional aptitude that art does not pander -- it elevates.

Greetings again from the darkness. It is possible for a filmmaker to be "too close" to the material when undertaking a story that is somewhat autobiographical. It's also possible, in that situation, for them to catch lightning in a bottle and magic on the screen - and that's exactly what writer/director Alfonso Cuaron has achieved with this look back at his childhood home life. In his follow-up to GRAVITY, for which he won the Best Director Oscar, Mr. Cuaron has dedicated the film to Libo, his family maid/nanny during his youth in Mexico City.Balancing artistry and everyday humanity like few other films, it takes us inside the home of a well-off family: Antonio (Fernando Gredigaga), the father-husband-doctor; Sofia (Marina de Tavira, the only experienced actor in the main cast), the mother-wife; Teresa (Veronica Garcia), the grandmother; the four kids; and two live-in maids, Adela (Nancy Garcia Garcia) and Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio). There is no separating the human emotions from the near-poetic art form of Cuaron's movie. It is unusually quiet, filmed mostly at midrange, and with no musical score. Yet, in the stillness and quiet, so much is happening.The focus here is on Cleo. We hear many times how she is considered part of the family. Of course, she (and we) are reminded that's only true to a certain extent as she is admonished for not cleaning up after the family dog or 'wasting' electricity in her living quarters by using the light in her tiny living quarters at night. First time actress Yalitza Aparicio brings a realism and accessibility to the role as the quiet, perpetually-in-motion maid/caregiver/nanny and she is mesmerizing to watch. Her duties include keeping the house clean, cooking meals, getting the kids up in the morning, getting the kids to/from school, and putting the kids to bed at night. What little scraps of time she has for a personal life are spent going on a date with the cousin of Adela's boyfriend. Fermin (Jorge Antonio Guerrero) is a martial arts fanatic and just prior to their intimacy, he demonstrates his skills to her with a shower rod and literally nothing else.When Antonio and Sofia announce to the kids that dad will be attending a conference in Quebec "for a few weeks", we as viewers understand what this means, even though the kids don't. Spending time with his mistress means Sofia and Grandma Teresa must manage the house ... but of course, as always, the bulk of the burden falls to Cleo. When Cleo finds out she's pregnant, Fermin dumps her - leaving both Cleo and Sofia as abandoned by men. It's fascinating to watch this unfold, and contrast how the two women react and cope. The dialogue is secondary to the situations in the film, but there is a great line of dialogue after the men leave: "We women are always alone."From a cinematic aspect, Cuaron's film is a delight to watch - reminding at times of the classic Italian and French films of years past. Since his first film in 1995, Cuaron has frequently collaborated with (3 time Oscar winning) cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki, but this time Cuaron wears multiple hats as writer/director/cinematographer/co-editor/producer. This is his movie - and his most personal one - from top to bottom. Working closely over the years with Lubezki has influenced Cuaron's camera work ... it's stunning. He uses wide, initially static shots with slow pans - just the way we see in real life. And just like in real life, what he shows us is sometimes mundane and at other times various degrees of emotional. The remarkable opening credit scene could be quickly described as Cleo mopping the dog mess from the garage floor. But of course there is much more. We also see the reflection of planes flying overhead and hear only the sounds of everyday life. It sets the stage for the entire film.This is 1970-71 Mexico City, so in addition to Cleo getting the kids to and from school, the street riots - some quite violent - play a role, as does the incessant sound of dogs barking in the background. Cleo's trip to the delivery room is filmed with real doctors and nurses, while a later trip to the beach offers yet another gut punch ... and both sequences maintain the overall feel of authenticity. Lest you think this is just another "small scale" indie, Cuaron goes big a few times - the street riot, a mass martial arts training session, and the beach trip. His film is a story of class and family, making it more than just a thing of celluloid beauty. It also brilliantly captures the essence of life's emotions: the "bad" with two men who ignore their responsibilities, the "normal" with kids being kids, and the "good" with seeing Cleo become such a vital and beloved part of the family.

Mexico City, 1970. An upper-middle-class family live a reasonably average, mundane existence. Their maid, Cleo, is an observer to their domestic existence but she has a life of her own. This is her story.Good drama, directed by Alfonso Cuarón (Gravity, Children of Men, Y tu mamá también). Slow-burning yet very engaging. You get sucked in by Cleo's story and feel with her as her life takes its twists and turns.While it's a great drama, there's some quite funny moments too, and a tongue-in-cheek nod by Cuarón to his own film, Gravity.Superb cinematography, with some shots that could be straight out of a photography exhibit.Not particularly powerful or profound though. I kept waiting for the plot to lead to something that tied everything together, a single event that made all the (what appeared to be) build-up worth while. There is an event towards the end that does give meaning to some of what came before but things then quickly go back to the Act 1-like feel.This all said, this movie is not about providing great profundity or a dramatic conclusion. It's about life and its journey, and what an engaging journey it is.

In the future it will be l one of the most important movies of this period

This movie was beautiful, but it was so incredibly boring as hell. Do not waste your time.

Alfonso Cuaron delivers a vivid portrayal of domestic help life in Mexico in the 70s.Shot in black and white - it intensifies the drama, the monotone and crisis of scenes. And yes, the single sweeping camera take does not fail to impress me.The film has the picturesque quality and emotional sensitivity of A Little Princess (one of my fave books adapted to screen), Gravity (got him an Oscar) & Children of Men (an apocalyptic dramatic masterpiece), movies he directed that left indelible impression to me.Bravo!

This is an amazing piece of movie making. The black and white cinematography is astounding , with every frame composed like a piece of art. The direction is beautiful and flows lyrically from scene to scene, and the acting is very poignant. I just loved it. Best picture of year!

It's fitting that Alfonso Cuaron's Roma is available to stream on Netflix - into the living rooms and bedrooms of its viewers, where the exactness of its depictions can allow quiet introspection in the setting of home. It's personal, but as epic as any film of war, or revolution. Roma enlightens me that we are all a cacophony of struggle, laughs, cries behind our closed doors. Whether it's breakfast, the laundry, a car coming home, dog poop - the everyday against the backdrop of an ever evolving world is what Cuaron remembers for us in his film - no meaning needs to be gleaned, no narrative constructed, just to see, smell, feel, touch - is enough.

I know 3 words of Spanish but loved this gem, so can only imagine how much better it would be if I didn't have to read the subtitles. The film grows under your skin and I couldn't believe how much it reminded me of my childhood. Different country and different time period yet the emotions were the same.

Excellent cinematography and heart touching work. Felt so real. Superb direction and camera work. Beautiful acting.. very different from others.. must watch..... new artistic levels reached. Bravo.

Superfluos!!! Great photography, one of the alll time greatest

It's one of the best I've seen in a long time. Believe the hype...you won't be disappointed.

Alfonso Cuarón has officially earned the title auteur after delivering his latest film, Roma. Serving as director, writer, producer, editor, and cinematographer, Cuarón painstakingly crafted virtually every aspect of this film, himself, to match his vision. For that reason, Roma should be considered a triumph of a film. However, while watching it on Netflix, I found myself a bit detached from the story and the atmosphere that Cuarón had established. Interestingly, it is the authenticity and grounded nature of Roma that make it both so brilliantly crafted but also so hard to relate to. Although I was dazzled by what Cuarón did as a director, I felt Roma lacked in accessibility for a general audience. Roma is less of a film and more of a recreation of true life. We are never given character introductions, telling us who they are or what motivates them, just as you wouldn't if you were to meet someone for the first time in real life. Over the course of the film, the audience is given pieces here and there that give hints of backstory and motivation for the main characters, but nothing is ever brought into focus, allowing the viewer to fill in the gaps themselves. This bold technique of presenting human beings rather than movie characters is one of the ways that Cuarón constructs life as genuinely as can be done in film but also makes the movie a bit hard to relate to. Although for me, Roma didn't come together to become more than the sum of its parts, I think it is an absolute masterpiece in filmmaking that will cement Cuarón as one of the greatest living filmmakers.

If you are expecting american style Hollywood movie... Avoid watching Roma. This movie is more on the artistic side of films. If you are looking for a different type of cinematic experience then you should definitely watch this great movie.

Was I ready for this masterpiece, I think not. Quite possibly the film of the year, Alfonso Cuarón has crafted a beautiful, heartbreaking and gorgeously vivid film.This film has multiple strengths, first I must comment that Yalitza Aparicio as Cleo was absolutely stunning. I cannot believe that this is her first acting experience, her performance was visceral, layered, complicated and a class act. Truly an emotional role, and one I will not forget easily. The rest of the cast is also of the upmost quality, everyone has brought their 'A' game to this table. In particular I thought the mother, portrayed by Marina de Tavira was excellent. As well as the rest of the supporting cast, the children who never felt forced nor silly, the grandmother who was cold for most of the film but came rivetingly alive in moments of great tension and emotional weight.This film's narrative was truly incredible. The final half an hour is possibly the most impactful, masterful and cinematically incredible of any film I have seen this year. The whole third act from when the riots start, to the the end, is truly a masterpiece. It made me cry a great deal, which is exceedingly rare for a film to evoke that much emotion from me. Everything just added up, the depth of characterisation in the first two acts just gave the strongest release, of pain and eventually happiness and love. It was truly the work of a director in his prime, in his most effective. Certain words were inflected to deliver even more depth, (I can speak Spanish) and it just added more character, the names had extra suffixes, and more could be conveyed. This made what was shown, even more emotional, truly incredible use of language, something that couldn't have been achieved if it were in English.There was moments, even entire sections of this film where it transcended everything. Beyond language, beyond the frame, beyond its colours, beyond race, beyond its depth and emotion, beyond the narrative itself, it became something so pure, so encompassing, so real. It became something else, something words cannot describe. It is the purest and most beautiful form of cinema. This film is why movies exist, it is the benchmark upon all else should be compared.Alfonso Cuarón has given us a masterpiece, that we should all be thankful to be in the same world as. His direction, is simply beyond anything I have seen this year. It feels incredibly personal, his vision is pure and goes beyond simply a great film, this is pure humanity. he has written, directed, produced, edited and was the cinematographer for this film. In all those departments, he is a master. His work with the camera is like a legend's final cry, yet he is not an aged man, its like a lifetimes work crashing in two hours, its exquisite. The slow pans across all landscapes gives a detached, and yet so intrusive feeling. As if the camera is just watching these people, similar to Manchester By The Sea, but better here. The decision to grade this film into black and white, helps it to engross its audience, it truly is of aid to this film. In addition to delivering a timeless feel, one is not distracted by colour or if it looks real, it just is. Its so pure, it immerses the viewer more deeply.The editing is masterful, perhaps the years best, the tone is sustained, heightened and is some of the strongest work in this I have possibly ever seen. His screenplay, as I have said before, is just incredible. One just has to see it, my words do it little justice. Cuarón direction is so strong, his mastery of performances helps to carry this film into its astonishing heights. His control, this vision is untainted, unrestrained, an achievement to behold, to wait for, something that only comes in fleeting years. One that will go down in history.The film feels timeless, the setting is the 1970's, but it does not feel aged, or like its highlighting that. The set design and costume design are worthy of the upmost honours and awards, they set the atmosphere, give depth and love, and give coldness and fear too. They work so well subliminally, it feels real, tangible, like one could touch it. It gives no distraction, nor does it call for attention, it all compliments the rest of the feature perfectly.Although, I must state that I felt that in one place the film lost a bit of its pace. Many scenes play out very slowly to maximum effect, which I dare not specifically mention as to not spoil them. But some others feel a little too drawn out, particularly in the middle of the second act. And that's it, my only complaint about the filmmaking. Also, while this is no fault of the film, on Netflix the english subtitle's were not always perfect, they sometimes dodged the meaning of certain scenes a little, but luckily I understanding the language had no problem. Just, for people who don't speak Spanish, beware of slight mistranslations, but of course, this is no problem with the film as a film, only the service used.In the end, my complaint is that not enough people are seeing this motion picture. This is just the near perfect film, noting else this year comes close to its emotion, its masterful characteriation and consistent strength of performances. The sum of its part is a future classic, a film by which this decade may be defined by, in its art, its love, its overwhelming emotion, its perfect cinematography, its masterful score, its beautiful direction, its wondrous performances, and finally its perfect narrative and screenplay.It has taken me two days to write this review, much debate to wether a 9 or 10 is deserved. For I reserve a 10 for films that truly go beyond, not just in filmmaking but emotion, and how it personally impacts me. I am incredibly restrained in my ratings, and do not give out high numbers with ease, but here... here I feel it just about makes it. This film is near perfect, and it may just by the film of year, and the decade. 10/10

Through this technical and narrative wonder, Cuaron proves again that he is the best and the most complete contemporary filmmaker. Large-scale set pieces that are deliberate for others just look like a piece of cake for him. The angle and focus of the camera are so accurate that a simple long take would solve everything. Emotionally this film is a tribute to women and mothers. The fate of the central figure Cleo attracts the attention of audiences towards the last frame of the film.In some sense, Roma is a mixture of Gravity plus Children of Men, and is even better than either of them. It was unfair for Gravity to lose to 12 Years a Slave. This time, however, Roma would not lose to another black film Black Panther.

Begin rant: Netflix to me is the bane of the art of filmmaking. It's where art goes to die. Watching Roma on a computer screen, where most will eventually watch it, is a crime. In part because Netflix encourages such poor viewing habits, and laziness: people will invariably pause, stop, or half-watch this film in a fragmented manner, often with with lights on in their room, or other screens, and they will miss the details which make Roma so sumptuous. Most will hear this film through their laptop speakers, missing the lush, enveloping sound design, while they peruse Amazon on a competing browser tab. Many will no doubt fail to make it to the end, finding it 'too slow' or wonder why it is in black and white.This is the main difference between the cinema and Netflix: Netflix you can control. The cinema on the other hand controls you; you pay, you sit and you are subjected to a film, and be damned if there's anything else you want to do. You're stuck there and you're going to experience it full on.The bitter irony is that Netflix is also one of the few places filmmakers of great artistic import have left to fund their personal projects, or anything that doesn't involve 200$ million plus in CGI or superhero makeup. Netflix, having sucked the entire market into its gravity, has the megabucks and as a result is willing to take the risks that studios won't anymore. And that reality, for a cineaste, is a tremendous sadness.But that is where we are. And what we still have are artists like Cuaron who have a vision and will find a way to deploy that vision no matter what it takes. The result is breathtaking. And, whether Netflix likes this or not, we have the viewers who bought up every single ticket of this film at my local theater (it played in a single small theater in Montreal) in a matter of hours, knowing that they will only have a week to watch it before Netflix yanks it and makes it exclusively available on their platform. I hope somebody at that company notices.Roma is an intimate, personal film told simply, with the utmost attention to detail, and it contains a great deal of humanity, empathy and beautiful imagery that is completely worth your money. If you get a chance to see it in a theater- do it. That is all you need to know.

A 70s period family story that masterfully melts together dramas of the upper class and the servants, women and men, all in the social microcosm of a Mexican family and macrocosm of the political turmoil of the era.

I expected so much about Roma, and I got the unexpexted: Simplicity! The film is a visual and emotional immersion to the simple Life of that family, with their maid. Roma simply captivates, the story told is that kind of story that can happen in real life, in a real family ... It shows humanity and reality! Yes it is not like those extraordinary stories who won Oscars (The Shape of Water, Birdman, Three Billboards ...) It's simple but Magic, it will make you fall in love with ... love, life and make you conscious to share love to everyone around you. Technically, Roma is just "Perfect", beautifully shot and edited. Thank God we have Cuarón in our lives to make those beautiful movies.

Love this movie! The observation & detail of each scene are just amazing. Highly recommend it.

The only other Alfonso Cuaron film I've seen was Gravity (2013) which I thought was absolutely stunning, but in quite a different way than Roma, which is almost its polar opposite in subject matter and style. If there's any common factor, I'd put it down to simplicity and vision. Everyday life in and around Mexico city in the 1970's lives and breathes in Roma, portrayed in a very methodical, unhurried way, but the whole thing has a kind of cumulative power that is rather hard to define. It's all in the way it's done.Cleo (played by Yalitza Aparicio) is at the heart and soul of this story, as one of two domestic workers (the second one is the cook) in the household of an upper-class family with 4 young-ish children. The parents, and others in their upper social class, basically do what they like and it's left to their hired staff to pick up all the pieces at home to keep things running. In Cleo's family the parents are out at their work much of the day and it seems to be expected of Cleo to do just about everything around the house: constantly look after the children, fetch and carry, laundry by hand, errands --- she's on her feet all day long. But far from being a 'slave' she's a loving and loved member of the household: she and the children have strong bonds. Apparently, Roma is an homage to Cuaron's own childhood nanny, so it's a very personal accomplishment.Everything about this - the settings, the street life, the household, the close ties between Cleo and the kids -- is all utterly realistic. My wife and I both travelled a fair bit to Chile (Santiago, Concepcion, La Serena) for work purposes in the 1970's and 80's and it all looked and felt like that. Any well-to-do household had someone like Cleo working for them: the family would typically be of white/hispanic stock and the hired workers were aboriginal, sometimes (like Cleo in this story) from small hardscrabble villages. Life in the town happened on the street, not inside the houses. The streets are always filled with people going every which way in and out of small shops, chatting, and ducking fast-moving ramshackle old cars. There are always dogs roaming free -- lots of dogs. Random marching bands playing badly go by on the street for no apparent reason. Soccer fields where young men gather are just dirt and dust. "Roma" sets up this ambience without making any particular point about it -- it's just there.None of this background gets across the peculiar effect of Cuaron's direction. The strength of human love and community devotion shine through here, but also the resilience, love, and self-reliance of average people. We see everything from Cleo's point of view -- not just her family but also occasional major events "out there" that just happen around them and that she simply witnesses: an earthquake in the city, a brush fire, a student demonstration and subsequent deadly riot. None of these necessarily fit into any coherent plotline, but I take it as just Cuaron's building of a comprehensive picture of life then and there.Through most of the film there's also no musical score, which was a clever choice that I thought drew us in closer to the characters. Like other viewers I was really struck by Cuaron's camera technique here. Often it simply sits steady as a rock while the scene develops. Equally often it pans, very slowly and very steadily, to give a broader perspective. The culmination of all this comes at the end, when Cleo, the mother, and the kids are all at the beach for a picnic. Cleo, who can't swim, ultimately has to wade very far out into the gathering surf to try to pull back two of the kids who've gone too far. The camera simply follows her slowly out, farther and farther into higher and higher waves, with absolutely nothing else on the screen to look at. Without giving away how it ends, I'll just say that the simplicity and raw power of this scene make it, somehow, one of the most remarkable I've ever seen in a movie. Any director who could envisage this and pull it off has my admiration. That scene is worth the whole price of admission, but you need to see everything that comes before it to get its full meaning.

Don't expect action in this movie, there's no shoot outs or car chases and if you want to be 'entertained' watch the Hollywood blockbusters. What you will get is cinematic gold from one of the best. The storyline is simplistic but the characters are played out brilliantly. I couldn't believe how long it was and yet I was totally immersed in the cinematography and the attention to detail was sublime. Even the opening scene showing the maid doing a menial task of washing the dog poo off the tiles you see the shadow of a plane flying overhead depicting another world outside her world. I also liked the little love heart in the liquid from the spilled cup on the floor. The backdrop is the 70's and the socio political divide of the time and place, but ultimately its a film rich in humanist emotions and experiences. I loved it.

I am amazed at how most people have missed the obvious depiction of racial dynamics in Mexico and how well-portrayed they are in the story. Part of the value of the story is precisely that depiction rarely seen or even mentioned. Another value is the historical massacre of protesters that took place by Mexican authorities when the Olympics took place in Mexico City. And that was 1968, not "the early 70s." The value of the film therefore is more than technical brilliance: it tells the story of poor Indians working for Mestizo and/or white Mexican families and the lives of those people in the 1960s.

Camera work is amazing. Story is very good. Captivating!

This movie is absolutely beautiful. It's full of raw emotions, and although it's just a simple story about a simple family it brought me to tears twice. This is one of the best movies of 2018 hands down. Although the storyline may seem a bit slow, it is overall a masterpiece.

I found Roma absolutely incredible. The best filmgoing experience I've had this year, maybe one of the best ever. It's so hard for me to describe what made this special to me, but I think it comes down to just how alive it was. It was a little slice of a normal, happy and sad life of Cleo, and the people around her.There's so much to unpack in this, but what really stood out was the acting, direction, sound design and especially cinematography. Roma represents Cuarón at his best and most confident as a storyteller, and the intimacy of Roma is almost too hard to bear.I do want to touch on the hospital scene, though. It's the tensest I've been in the cinema in a long time, and it was all done in masterfully choreographed single-angle takes that ended up lasting well beyond several minutes. When I saw the liveless little baby body, I broke down, harder than I think I've ever done at a film. The brutality of seeing the doctors cover the child in the background while Cleo was still in her birthgiving position was too much to handle.When she finally makes peace with herself at the beach, saying that she didn't really want the child, and the family all hug her, it almost hit me even more than the hospital. The fact that she realised that she has more love from the family than she could ever need, and that she loves them just as much was the perfect wrap-up of such a beautiful character arc.Roma is a masterpiece. I can't wait to see it again. I had to call both my parents after seeing it. It reminds you (much like Children of Men) of what a precious gift life is, and that each one matters as much as the next one

I have never written a review but this movie was so well done and so moving I had to:::This movie has nothing to preach to or sell you. It is only an intimate portrait into human life that allows you to view in Incredible detail.The best type of theme and/or "moral to the story" is best hidden (subtly) in the fabric of the story; nuanced in and to only be exposed through the life lived and not the life TOLD.This movie tells you nothing, it only shows you what it is like to be Cleo. Many times it is in the still shots of her quiet reactions to the events unfolding around her that I am moved the most and learn something about the human condition.Lessons of humanity (or the human condition) have been preached and written into countless films for over a century; (There is nothing new there), but in my opinion Roma transcends this method of story telling by not teaching you anything... Roma lets you take part in the suffering, in the mundane, in the laughter,in the beauty of life. Thats the importance of this movie. You are not going on a journey to learn something about these realities of life. You are experiencing them with someone who doesn't have the answers.Alfonso has created a hauntingly beautiful glimpse into his characters experience. It is not a cinematic spectacle or a philosophical statement on life. It is an intimate viewing of what it is to be human without a hollywood narrator and without an emotional score to direct the way we should be viewing it.It is one of my favorite films if not my favorite. A nearly perfect film in my opinion.

I watched it alone for the first half. And for the second half, my seven year old niece joined me. So what happened was I told her the gist of the story: that there is a protagonist who is a housekeeper to a family. And because English is not our mother tongue, I translated and simplified most of the conversations in the movie. What I found surprising was she was instantly immersed in the story. (Spoilers) Like she could relate to having a housekeeper, the poops of the dog not swept up at instant, the quarrel among siblings. Two things she could not relate to but I made her understand how sympathetic the situations were were the jerk who made Cleo pregnant but didn't hold himself responsible, and the father in the employing family committing adultery. My niece told me that she would be watching until the last 30 minutes of the movie so she can go to bed and sleep. But by the time the protests occured on screen, she was so tense she bugged me to explain to her what was going on. Then the labor happened. I reminded my niece it was past her bedtime yet she just decided she wanted to finish the movie. The beach scene made her gasp and panic she stifled her scream. By the end of it, I asked her if she liked the movie. She did. She appreciated it all that she asked me if the grandma wore the same clothes everytime and pointed out how the two youngest children were close and attached to Cleo. Really glad my niece wasn't present during that full frontal nudity in the first half.So for those people who are saying that this movie is for cinephiles only because aside from its technical excellence the story is mundane and will bore its viewers, my niece will defend it if she can.

Roma's black and white imagery leaves a lot to be pondered when it comes to scenery. While the cinematography and overall frame of the movie are never imperfect, it does take a seat to the marvelous acting of Yalitza Aparicio as Cleo. I would often get so drawn into her grounded and emotional performance that it took a second watch to recall how well the shots were composed.Roma isn't a film that should be missed.

I've read a number of reviews here - quite a few, in fact. Here's what I've come up with.If you're going to see 'Roma' for character development, you will be disappointed. There really isn't any to speak of, and I don't think the director was interested in it, either. What Cuaron IS interested in is SHOWING things happening to people and their reaction to it, something akin to Eisenstein's 'Potemkin'. You don't 'know' those sailors, or the woman on the steps with her glasses: they are archtypes, but very human, reacting to events. This is what you have in 'Roma'. Most of the dialog reinforces it. For the most part, it is banal. There are no long speeches, no philosophising. The events can be mundane, dramatic, horrifying, emotional. I think what Cuaron wanted was for the audience to react to those events on a viceral level, as the people in his film do, expunging the personal with something universal. On this level, I think he succeeds. Furthermore, the camera is often at a distance from the people and events he photographs, re-inforcing the objective over the subjective.As for a dramatic arch, there is one, but not in any traditional sense. The exposition lasts much longer than normal, and the drama that follows is compressed by comparison. Some viewers were put off by this. I was not.There is also much talk of 'slice of life' concerning 'Roma'. I suppose it is a slice of life. But here time is purely cinematic, not in any sense of things happening in real time.Visually the film is very controlled. You have very few cuts, and what cuts there are, are very unobtrusive. What you have are long takes - panning and revealing, often in great detail, sometimes revealing something very simple. This emphasis on what the camera does was sometimes bothersome for me. One can be too conscious of the camera. But more times than not, the 'revealing' compensates for this stylistic rigidity. It is a question of accepting the director's style.Very few have commented on the sound design of the film, which to me is one of the marvels of 'Roma'. Cuaron uses surround sound creatively and expressively, not just of things coming and going. One is completely immersed in the sound of a barrio, or a country home, a festival, or the ocean, often heightening the sound for emotional effect. The audio becomes a crucial factor in the ambience of the film.Another wonder of 'Roma' is it's iconic imagery. I'm not going to mention what those images are, but I can think of three. (I can think of four in all of Bergman's output.)And lastly, there is no traditional soundtrack. Just ambient sounds.I highly recommend this film. But I think one has to go with an open mind. This is NOT a Hollywood film, where most things are spelled out for you, as in point A to point B to point C. And I think a viewer has to work a little in order to take in what the film is SHOWING, not what it is TELLING.

I know that many will believe that no film deserves the perfect score of 10 - obviously I disagree and will forever cite Roma as my argument.
From the first frames to the last we enter a special world of cinema that most filmmakers can only dream about, a delicacy and absorption of detail, light, humour and lifelike small joys and tragedies.
I was transported to Mexico City and lived, for 135 minutes in Cleo's world and the world of her middle class employers lives. They engaged me, they made me laugh with them and cry with them in both joy, despair and relief.
Like few films before the experience was one of 'transportation' - the film is a masterpiece of storytelling and like any great novel it will continue to live with me.

I was born in 1977, but my family lived un Colonia Avante at the same period and from what they told me, this is as accurate as it gets living un México City in that time, I loved this movie form the story telling and how wondwerfully it was shot, this is a great director and worthy of everything he has acomplished!

Alfonso Cuarón has made several brilliant films, but he has truly outdone himself and made his true masterpiece with this searing, thoughtful drama set in Mexico City in the early 1970s. "Roma" is absolutely stunning, and the best film of the year. The film is an ode to Cuarón's childhood and what he perceives to be a Mexico of a somewhat distant past. It is a drama that primarily surrounds Cleo, a maid, and the family of the house she cleans, yet the film's depth is so much more than a simple one-sentence synopsis could provide. Once you see this film, you will not be able to forget it.Cuarón clearly intended the tone of "Roma" to be deeply rooted in realism, which is evident by the film's extraordinary black-and-white cinematography. The film is a technical marvel, with cinematography that helps each frame stand out. While the film does not really have a score, viewers won't miss it, as Cuarón's sound design is expertly constructed to an almost intoxicating degree. Even though I love many of the scores of films I really admire, this movie makes you appreciate just how much emotional power is delivered through the characters, cinematography and sound design that the absence of a score actually enhances the film in many parts. The film's third act is extremely powerful and a true roller coaster of intense emotions, yet each and every emotion Cuarón brings to the frame is truly genuine. Every sight and sound in the film has a purpose in tandem with the narrative, making the film's plot structure seem meticulous. The film's realism is present in its inherent motifs as well. For example, while the film certainly provides commentary on the deep-seated inequality present in Mexican society, its worldview is also pluralistic and universal in that lines of unity rather than division between characters are often emphasized. I particularly took note of this during the scenes with both Cleo and Sofia (the household matriarch,) many of which are incredibly poignant. The movie also pulls off an incredible feat of depicting social and political unrest around this time in Mexico City in considerable detail, without ever feeling overtly political or preachy as a film as a whole. (The story is didactic, but never preachy or melodramatic.) The film is lighter on dialogue than many dramas, but this is certainly not detrimental to the story given that the screenplay does a brilliant job communicating as much as possible in as few lines of dialogue as possible--which is, of course, what master screenwriters always strive to do.As a family drama, a slice-of-life film, an ode to Mexican society and culture, and an epic, "Roma" succeeds with flying colors. 10/10

Lord knows how much we owe to Alfonso Cuarons achievement as a filmmaker. Starting as a curiosity, then a flash in a pan, but then all of a sudden a critical darling, all of his efforts evoke a bold, minutely assembled quality. Paired with elaborate one-shot sequences, pseudo-veriteé dialogue, indulgent moments of artistic symbolism, and bits and pieces of socio-political commentary, he's willing to take the independent film scene by storm.So it's no surprise to see ROMA currently leading the Metacritic charts of 2018. And it often deserves that high praise; it's gorgeously shot, wonderfully acted, achingly heartbreaking yet sympathetic, full of memorable scenes, and holds a great sense of visual and symbolic filmmaking. Cuarón seems to have a lot of his mind while making this movie - about class, miserable mothers, war, protest, and dwindling innocence - all while taking notes from other acclaimed movies of the past decade to culminate it together.And yet there's just a small thing missing from it. Even as I nearly loved all the shots and moments of emotional ballast, I felt as though Cuarón is trying too hard? Maybe it's how often his camera lingers on some scenes, or how he clutters a lot of extras and action in one pan shot, or how there's one outlandishly grandiose moment after another in tandem to Mexican socioeconomic commentary.There's a lot of heart into this movie, but I just wished it relaxed a bit and stop trying to be, well, perfect? The scenes that mostly stick out to me were when Yalitza Aparicios character Cléo goes through their relatable and stripped-down character journey. There's no flashy panache or anything, just a maid doing her best to do her job while life flings at her face.Maybe I'm asking for too much. Maybe I should be grateful ROMA gets the recognition movies like these need, especially during these harsh times. And for the record, it does outright look like a masterpiece in some cases - that beach scene will stick with me for days. But sometimes it just slightly pales in compared to the captivatingly raunchy Y TU MAMA TAMBIEN and the action-movie-with-big-ideas charm of CHILDREN OF MEN.But please relax, guys. I liked it.

Just a bit slow to start and parts remain unclear to me (the various marches in the street - why did no one play with the dogs?). Don't stop watching - movie is visual treat of a production. Every angle and frame was a story in itself. The black & white works, works well - yet Mexico is such a lovely country, was some of that lost with the B&W? The parallels in situation between the staff and family is not lost, both have needs, both have dog crap all over their lives.

Cuaron is back and one thing I knew was that I am never going to be disappointed. Roma is a simple but powerful story about a maid set in 1971 Mexico City. This film is an essential viewing in big screen but sadly we didn't get the opportunity. Even the opening credits is so beautiful and gives us an idea about what this movie is going to be about.I wasn't surprised when I heard the Cuaron was gonna shoot his own movie like Paul Thomas Anderson did last year knowing that he edits his own movie it was only obvious that he is gonna venture into new territories. He does a brilliant job at it & the B&W colour and frame were perfect.The film moves a bit slowly after the first hour but nevertheless keeps you hooked. I personally feel it could have been if they narrated the film in the form of Acts or Chapters like Tarantino does considering the movie is about an episode in the life of a young maid. The misogyny and oppression faced by women are shown in 2 different forms in the lives of Sofia and Cleo.The performances were impressive with Marina De Tavira being the most impressive performer. She captures your attention completely in every scene she is in. The kids were amazing too and the scenes where the brothers fight are so natural.PS: The best part of the film is the last 15 minutes.

After watching this amazing picture I could bet it's a Carlos Reygadas', not a Cuaron's movie. Surreal and realistic at the same time. Sublime cinematography

Technically is beautiful, a black and white that calls more to look beautiful, it is captivating and emotional, it is impossible to imagine this film in color. The simplicity of things, which are accompanied by a powerful message in between are even more shocking and leave you speechless. It's impossible to talk about the narrative, technical and visual achievements of this film as a whole without mentioning them when you write about them.One as a Latino can identify and feel very close to the story, but the most impressive thing is that the film speaks directly to the intellectual reasoning of each of us so that the film sounds like a social echo that amazed our feelings with a series of facts that, beyond looking real, can be done. It is a reality reflected in a fiction.Since Blade Runner 2049, I haven't been deeply moved for while.

The camera work and cinematography is the best I've seen since Children Of Men (also directed by Alfonso Cuarón) everything feels stunningly authentic and every single scene and shot is crafted to perfection, I wasn't alive during the 70's nor was I in Mexico but after this cinematic marvel I may as well have been, it's also a credit to Cuarón how well he was able to utilise non actors, just fantastic. I went into this film thinking it would be a pretentious but decent film but as the beautifully crafted end credits rolled it turned out to be THE BEST FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN.

Roma can leave a long lasting impressionSet in the time of 1970-71 in Mexico, the movie has successfully portrayed a realistic picture of that era. Its a wonderful experience to watch this movie in black and white with the stunning cinematography. Although, there were hardly any turn or twist in the film, its realistic and linear storyline can leave a long lasting impression to the viewers . The movie is a semi-autobiographical take on the director Alfonso Cuaron's upbringing in Mexico City and he has successfully revived the details of the lifestyle of that time in the movie. Yalitza Aparicio, who played the role of an innocent maid 'Cleo' and Marina de Tavira, who played the role of the wife of a doctor were the main characters of the film and they successfully portrayed their characters. Last but not the least, the cinematographer cum director Alfonso Cuarón did a spectacular job with the long panning shots which were worth watching. Overall, you should watch the movie if you are a cinephile.

I saw this film and was compelled to join IMDb and write my very first review. So let's get into it. My only issue was that the film had subtitles. This is a personal opinion of mine. I always find it more difficult to connect with the characters and engage with the story at full potential during movies with subtitles. And I found myself a few times looking at my cellphone during the film as a result of this. If you don't mind subtitles then you won't have this same issue. If you do mind subtitles then I highly recommend you give it your all to finish the movie till the very end and give it your focus. It's an amazingly beautiful film. I was blown away by the cinematography. Genius. Masterpiece. Jaw dropping beauty. Women endure so much and for me at least this film highlights their strength dignity love compassion brilliance and at the same time places a spotlight on their flaws and their fears. It's a slow movie but it builds up to a shocking climax where even though you want to look away you simply can't because you don't even want to blink an eye as to not miss even one moment of this artwork.

Have a lot of admiration for Alfonso Cuaron as a director. Also really like to love almost all of his films (having been mixed on 'Great Expectations'), though 'Gravity' is one of those more appreciate than love divisive films that also boasted some of the best cinematography and direction of that year. Of his previous films am especially fond of 'Children of Men' and 'A Little Princess' (the film that introduced me to his work and is a personal favourite) in their own way for different reasons.Was really excited in seeing 'Roma', with talks of it being one of the highlights of 2018, one of Cuaron's best films and trusted friends saying how emotional it was and especially praising the cinematography, direction and sound mixing. Nothing was going to stop me from seeing 'Roma' with the praise being as high as that, despite the (from personal opinion) rather condescending detractors being quite vocal, including making ignorant and off-base paid reviews allegations that says more about themselves than it says those they're criticising. After seeing 'Roma', and this is a genuine opinion here, am going to join those praising the film. Praise that 'Roma' deserves every ounce of and more. One of my favourite films of 2018 definitely, and it has been a variable year so that is saying quite a bit, and quite possibly Cuaron's best film.'Roma', being a semi-autobiographical film, is Cuaron at his most personal, both the writing and the direction. One of the main reasons why 'Roma' did such a lot for me was the emotion, with such brutal thought-provoking realism and poignant, without being over-sentimental, pathos it was the film that connected with me the most emotionally. It also was him at his most thought-provoking and there was no sugar-coating, in fact what was also admirable was the not holding anything back pulls no punches approach. It depicted real life situations and struggles and in a way that was relatable and hard not to get nostalgic or moved over.The pacing has been criticised for being slow, it is deliberate but personally was caught up in the emotion and the compelling realism of the very personal story-telling to care. Plus since when has a film being slow ever always being a bad thing? It only is a problem when there's no reason to be and with the subject to me it came over that the deliberate pace for 'Roma' was not an accidental choice. Sure, finding its rhythm is not immediate but it is very rewarding when stuck with (rather than stopping watching after a ridiculously short period of time and then bragging about doing it). The script is sincere and thoughtful, not written or delivered heavy-handedly.Now we get onto what is especially great about 'Roma'. It is a visually stunning film, have not seen cinematography this amazing, varied or clever in a long time and it complements the evocative setting and the strikingly effortless and atmospheric lighting so brilliantly one is truly immersed. Another major star is Cuaron's direction, showing a visual master of his craft and a person clearly passionate and in love with the story he's telling. Both wholly deserving of major awards attention. Same with the sound-mixing which has all three of the qualities that the cinematography has been described has, so appropriate to the mood and enhances it in a way that few other films this year have done so well. As well as the astonishing and very moving breakthrough lead performance from Yalitza Aparicio, as the most compellingly real and rootable character in a film full of them and strong performances.In conclusion, absolutely loved it. 10/10 Bethany Cox

This movie is superb is so many ways -- in its ambition, its portrayal of human caring and in its cinematic execution. The film was written and directed by Alfonso Cuaron and shot in black and white. It tells the story of an upper middle-class Mexican family and their caring housekeeper-child-care worker Cleo, played by the incomparable Yalitza Aparicio.The acting is amazing, from individual performances to ensemble playing. That said this movie is not for everyone. First, it moves very slowly at times - and then it speeds up dramatically. If you are an impatient movie-watcher (as I am most times), this one is not for you. Basically it tell the tale of a dysfunctional, marriage, the consequences for the children, and how Cleo responds to various challenges. That is a whole lot of short-hand, but I am trying not to reveal much.The way I found enhanced my appreciation of the film is to watch each scene unfold studiously. Observe what is happening in the corners of the frame, especially since it is often shot from a distant view. Something meaningful is always going on, whether it pertains to plot, character development or cinematic beauty.If I found some imperfections in the film, they are these: 1) At Cleo's crisis moment, she could have screamed. This would have added power to her portrayal and to the movie as a whole (even if some would say it would have been out of character). 2) When the mom behaves irresponsibly at the end of the film her state of mind is not sufficiently foreshadowed.Finally, you may wonder: "Why should I watch this movie?" My answer is that the character of Cleo is emblematic of many of the world's long-suffering but dedicated and indispensable women. This judgment is not in the sense of a lesson that you must take, but in the sense of a warm human story that is rewarding to watch.

I know this is coming to Netflix in a few weeks but the rave I've heard about it and being that this is Alfonso Cuaron's next project, I had to make sure to see it on the big screen. I loved Cuaron's last film. Gravity for me was a fantastic visual experience, as well as a emotionally gripping experience. Cuaron's handiwork behind the camera was on full display with that film. Here he comes with a Spanish spoken, black and white, Mexican film that is semi biographical. This film is fairly amazing, from start to finish. I think it excels its expectations and goes to show that Cuaron is one of the best directors on the scene.The film takes place in Mexico City in the early 70s, and is about a Mexican housemaid who takes care of a family of four children, along with their parents and maternal mother. The film shows her routines as the housemaid, her trials and tribulations at work and love, and ow her life changes when she becomes pregnant. The film stars a relatively unknown cast but has a primarily fantastic performance by Yalitza Aparicio as Cleo, the housemaid.From the opening scene of water washing tiles with the credits overlaying, you know you are in for an immense experience. Cuaron utilizes cameras set in place and slow pans to encompass the entire scope of the visual experience of the household and the daily tasks of Cleo. It seems routine at first but the build up throughout is an experience that keeps you watching every second. Cuaron has to be a contender for Best Director at the Academy Awards again as the camera work, cinematography, and sound effects are extremely vivid. Especially, the scenes with the wives in the films climax, lord.The film becomes an emotional experience as the film builds along. You can't help but have strong responses as we see what our protagonist must deal with. The film is set in a time with political unrest and that backdrop adds to the chaos of what occurs in Cleo's life. The film is full of themes and symbolism that could be analyzed in greater detail in a separate entry. There is just a lot that goes on in each sequence of the film. I think Gravity is my personal favorite, but Cuaron's best film has arrived, and I think we have a clear favorite this year. Watch Roma on the big screen if you can, its a cinematic experience tailored with passion by Alfonso Cuaron.8.5/10

Everyday that goes by after seeing Roma, something else comes back to me about the film. It's in the back of my mind, I see it's themes and message reoccur in real life situations or just remember a singular moment of technical brilliance in a film that is as much 100% technical brilliance as it is 100% performance brilliance.Firstly I'll pick out the obvious amazing feats of ROMA, cinematography, amazing, acting, endearing, tender and heartfelt and so believable. The production design is so good you'd be forgiven for thinking that this film was made in 1970 and forgotten about for 40 or so years. The finer details and attention to detail applied here. Everything is exactly how it was and you, the camera, the silent on looker of this time and place.The intimacy of the story is first of all rare for a film to be that confident to show such a story but also extremely impressive at its universal appeal. With this Roma does what the best of film as an art form can do, it can bring us together, it shows humans not as sperate beings, living separate lives, doing separate things but how what we all do, what happens around us, all affects everyone else's lives. While we may think we're living our own life but there's millions of others, other issues and they all weave in and out of each other. The most true thing to real life and yet the hardest thing to protray in film and Roma does it flawlessly.It is as much as a place and time as it is about humanity, as it is about a family, as it about domestic workers, as it about class divides, as it is about masculinity. These are all themes delt with everyday in our lives, in other media but what Roma does with this, how it takes difficult concepts and makes them flesh and blends them together into a beautiful human drama, with mostly none, new or unheard of actors, acting so true to real life your swept up in that atmosphere of it all.The fact Roma even got financed is a great feat. A black and white, slow paced film about a middle class in polictally instable Mexico in the 1970s would seem like it'd never be made. And it's here. Here in a time of self centered, social media crazed frenzies it allows us to take a step back and think about us as people as human beings with relationships and feelings.Now I wasn't raised in Mexico, I never had anyone like Cloe bring me up, it's not that standard in the UK middle class in the 21st century, I found something in Roma, yes the universal message but also the protrayal of family, of the fights between siblings and stories my parents would tell me. If someone else was to watch Roma they'd probably get a completely different and yet 100% personal moment for them. Even down to the little detail of the youngest boy saying "when I was older", the acute attention to how kids think and talk in a true representation of the utter genius of this incredible film.This is an incredibly important film and I hope is passed down and considered highly throughout the decades by its ability to defy any accessible barriers, everyone can get something completely personal from Roma and for me that's the true power of cinema.

Visually Stunning in black and white. It would be awesome to have another b&w film win best picture .( The Artist)
The emotional breakdown of Cleo on the beach is Oscar worthy.
Roma must mean- men are scum . The women are the center of this movie.
If you like subtitles..you will love this movie.

I went into this movie skeptical of all the hype and prepared myself for a pretentious and dull art house piece. I could not have been more wrong. It is such a beautiful and engaging film. There is no real narrative so you're basically a voyeur watching a period of the maid and the family's lives unfold - the mundane and compelling events intertwined in such a realistic unscripted sort of way that you feel as if you're living it with them. It's a visual and technical masterpiece in its simple authenticity. I love when a film surprises me and this one certainly did. I recommend it highly.

Alfonso Cuaron - the magnificent Director from Mexico who directed such big Hollywood hits as HARRY POTTER AND THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN (the best HP flick, IMHO) and GRAVITY (one of the best films of 2013, IMHO) has made a little "personal" film that was financed and released by Netflix. Netflix, in their wisdom, realized they might have an Oscar contender on it's hands, so has released ROMA in limited release to Theaters (mostly Art Houses) and...in some instances...you can catch a 70mm print of this film. Or...you can watch it on your TV via your Netflix subscription.I would highly recommend checking this film out at your local movie theater house and, if you are lucky enough to have a theater that is showing the 70mm print, I would tell you to run...don't walk...to check this out.For ROMA is a beautifully filmed Black and White film, in Spanish (with English subtitles) that tells a very personal story of a family in Mexico City in the early 1970's - as seen through the eyes of their house maid. This story is based (according to what I have read) on Cuaron's own childhood and he has lovingly, beautifully recreated this world and populated it with some interesting characters/experiences.It is also languidly paced (read: slow) and - if I am honest about it - not much happens. So if you add languid pace with black and white photography with Spanish language (and English subtitles) with not much in the way of plot or action, your attention span will be stretched and, I'm afraid, if you're home, you will be tempted to be distracted by your phone, the dog, the dishes, a magazine, etc...And that would be a shame, for I fell in love with this film, the beauty of the cinematography and the slow pace of it all and I think you will too if you give it a chance.Cuaron, most certainly, will be nominated for an Oscar for his writing and directing of this piece - and I am sure that this film will be nominated for Best Picture (and deservedly so), but it is in two other places that I was entranced by ROMA. I have mentioned the first - the Cinematography. This film is a shoo-in for a Best Cinematography Oscar, the black and white is lush and rich throughout the film and adds to the memory-style idealized world that Cuaron has put on screen. So, the Best Cinematography Oscar should go to...Alfonso Cuaron.The other area that I am surprised to say worked very well for me is the performances of the cast, all Mexican actors, unknown to U.S. audiences. Standing out most notably are Marina de Tavira as the matriarch of the family, Senora Sofia and, most surprisingly, Yalitza Aparicio as the focal point of this film, Cleo. Her part is mostly mute (or at least mute for me, for I don't speak Spanish) so the emotions I felt coming from her were brought forth through her facial features, looks and reactions, much more than what she says. I would be fine with either of these two getting an Oscar nomination.Despite a slow start - and a slow pace throughout this film - and not much going on, I was entranced and enthralled by the world that Cuaron put on screen. A world that exists, mostly, in Cuaron's memory and that, now, exists for us to see in this wonderful film.Letter Grade: A9 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)

Very natural acting. Well directed and cut. It is a calm slow movie, very intriguing. All in black and white, it's 1970-1971. Lot's of work in the recreation of the details, like old cars, interiors, behavior, buildings, etc. First I thought not a recommendable movie, but then one gets more and more involved into the movie. Beautiful camera work.

Let's start by the actors: although they're unknown I thought their interpretation was very solid and transparent.
The movie is all black and white, which is a very bold move and the plot is awesome and very well constructed.
It has an atmosphere that gets you in it and convinces you of what's happening at that time and you really feel empathy for the characters.
And I finish with the photography, even being almost the whole movie inside the house it still has a great photography, always using the landscape point of view. Love it!

(Flash Review)I was drawn to this film from the massive marketing blitz for it so I gave it a shot. Glad I did. The film lulls you into the way of life of a mid-upper class Spanish family and their two servant woman and everyone's immediate life struggles. You tend to watch scenes play out at a distance. The upper class mother of four kids has her husband go away for long distance durations, cheats and lies yet he is not really on screen much. At the same time the primary servant woman, who is the main character, gets pregnant and the guy refuses to be a man when he learns the news. This doesn't paint the men in these women's lives very well and for good reason. There is not an obvious plot yet lots of daily life activities that give the viewer time to digest current circumstances and the rich depth and secondary stuff going on within each scene helps this feel very real. I love the smooth panning and tracking camera movements that give the film an engaging visual appeal complimented by very nice black and white cinematography. Much of the story is conveyed through visuals and atmosphere. This is a great film that allows the user to connect the dots themselves a little; doesn't spoon feed anything. I wish I was a bit more emotionally connected to the characters as there are a few heavy emotional moments.

We all know by Cuarón's work that he isn't the most prolific of directors, and also that he doesn't reach the highest of personal levels in his filmmaking. In Roma, though, we must forget those facts: it is the most intimate we can get from the Mexican. This is a movie made essentially of emotions (and beautiful shots), where Mr. Cuarón takes almost all the credits (direction, photography, edition, writing, production).In the opening credits, we get to see a still shot of what seems to be someone cleaning a tile floor. The water reflects the sky and there's a plane slowly passing by: we're outside. This kind of wavy motion of the water made me recall Fernando Pessoa, who, in Mensagem, wrote:
"Deus ao mar o perigo e o abismo deu,
Mas nele é que espelhou o céu."
Something tragic is about to unfold before our eyes.Suddenly, the camera shifts its angle and we meet Cleo, the young girl that characterizes Libo, the person that Cuarón dedicated the movie to and whose identity I don't want to reveal. She speaks Spanish with a dog. In a hurry, leaves the house where we believe she is a housekeeper and walks to the nursery, picking up a little boy, Pepe. As she returns home, other girl tells her that Fermín is on the phone, waiting to talk to her. He's her new boyfriend. As the girls are talking, the rest of the family gets home, but we don't see the father, who is leaving to Quebec for work next Friday. At the end of the day, the father returns, still earlier than usual. He is presented as a superior character, hearing classical music and smoking inside a big car, with some difficulties to park it inside the house, as he also can't avoid the dog's feces: he doesn't really fit in this place.In the evening, the family gathers in the leaving room watching TV and we see the mother's "jealousy": she asks Cleo to bring a tea to the father, when the kids start to embrace her. Before the end of the day and everyone goes to sleep (possibly the best photographed scene is seen here), we hear the couple fighting in their room.Some other day, Cleo and Adela (the other housekeeper) go to the movies with their boyfriends. The first one changes her mind when Fermín asks her to take a walk instead, ending both in a room. Fermín talks about his hard days as a teen. Then, they have sex.Cleo wakes up Friday morning. The following events change the whole scenario.When Antonio, the father, is about to leave, Sofía, his wife, holds him and kisses him, very strongly: something's not right, and we start to doubt about this father figure (maybe he is leaving definitely). A military band passes by their house, which, for me, symbolizes the dark days that this family is about to experience. This time, the mother is the one who walks the young Pepe to the nursery, after shouting with Cleo to clean the dog's feces. While she does it, we hear the plane passing by again and we're taken to the cinema, where Fermín and Cleo are kissing. She, then, reveals that she might be pregnant and the boy disappears, leaving the poor girl helpless.Cleo's thoughts wander while she looks at a hail storm. Again, Mr. Cuarón is telling us that something went very wrong. It is time for her to ask her bosses for help, which she does. At the same time, the grandmother, Teresa, is speaking to her daughter about Antonio's departure. We are now sure: this movie is about these two women, whose men left them behind, and what they'll do to make it without them.The big difference between these two is that Sofi, in contrast with Cleo, never had to fight for nothing, which is clearly seen by the way she drives her car, when both women go to the hospital. But, at least, she has a car and, possibly, a license to drive it, something unthinkable for people like Cleo.Inside the hospital, we learn, in one hand, that Fermín is the only man who had intercourse with Cleo. In the other hand, the drama between Sofi and Antonio intensifies as she talks with Dr. Zavala about her relationship problems. An earthquake hits the town while Cleo contemplates a new born baby (who probably died following that moment). We shift to some new place where some Christian crosses are shown. This is where the director starts to "overemphasize" with his symbolism. Wasn't the "omen" brought by the previous scene enough to tell us that, maybe, her baby is sentenced? Why do we need this shot for? It doesn't even stand at the level of the majority of the picture's frames. In this moment, we start to question Mr. Cuarón's (not so) subtle way to warn us.The family spends the Christmas holidays in the countryside with some other bourgeois families that speak some English. This is possibly the most boring part of the movie and it only serves the director's mission to, once again, clarify that Cleo and Sofi live in different worlds: didn't we already know that? The New Year starts with another one or two hints of tragedy. Cleo doesn't want to have toast with her "low class" friend, but when she agrees, some other woman hits her: the glass falls, and breaks. When she leaves the room where all the servants were celebrating, a fire starts to consume the woods. At this point, I'm starting to doubt the story and who wrote it, even more when all the people (including children) are helping to extinguish the fire and a mysterious man, shown before, starts to sing something... well, something! Before returning home, Cleo walks through the fields with the exact same woman who pushed her and talks about how that place reminds her home. Cleo doesn't talk that much, so we must listen when she does, even if it means nothing...The sunny breeze turns into a rainy day: the family's back home. Their big Maverick that Sofi scratched is now fixed. Antonio, though, still ain't home. Toño, the oldest of the brothers, wants to go to the cinema. Antonio is there. Cinema is now a place related with betrayal, and we must never forget Fermín, who Cleo ultimately finds in a martial arts training. The most important moment of this scene, apart from the fact that Fermín leaves Cleo helpless once again, is that, when Profesor Zovek, a famous figure in Mexico, challenges people to pose in a certain way with their eyes closed, Cleo is the only one who can accomplish the demand: she is the movie's strongest character, and she'll make through this storm.Everything seems to be in a downfall: the kids fight in the afternoon and, in the evening, Sofía returns home drunk: "We're alone. (...) We, women, are always alone!". Cleo doesn't reply. Did she need to hear that? Did we? And did we need to hear that, in the following scene, where we clearly see people protesting that they're protesting? If Cuarón wants to make an allusion to something, well, he has to be specific, not just talk about violence and leave the matter like that. He really made an effort to show us a reality that his people lived, but, somehow, failed: what follows is the movie's worst scene.After we get a "cliché" kind of piece of story, we reach the movie's emotional "clímax" (and its best scene, in my opinion). This is where the director shines. All we can do now is to keep quiet and simply look at the screen. If we pay attention around us, we'll then notice an empty, but understandable, silence, a silence that matches the birds' and the dogs' sounds, colored by frames where we see the family's neighborhood and house.Cleo is now a different, maybe stronger woman. Sofía buys a new, smaller car. The family goes to the beach. Sofía tells the children the truth about their father. They face it with different reactions: Toño freezes, Paco cries more than everyone else, the young Sofi hugs Cleo and little Pepe just seems to have some anger inside, leaving us with no clear understanding of what he's feeling. They talk about divorce and then sit silently eating ice-cream next to some couple getting married, which reminded me of how good Cuarón can actually be, sometimes.When the family finally confronts the sea of problems surrounding them, the movie seems to be over. As they return home, the same military band passes by. Same thing happens with the plane. The sunlight is now strong. Cleo wants to talk with Adela, and not the other way around. Everything's in its right place now.I preferred not to talk about the movie's core issue/subject matter, so that people go on and see it like I did. When we reach the end, there's nothing more than that issue to really deeply think about. Not always easy to see, this is a touching movie, but not a perfect one. When we start to imagine other ways Cuarón had to pull this off, we reach the conclusion that it could've been his best movie, because it'd certainly be one of the best movies of the decade. Doing things in his own flawed fashion, he made a flawed movie, but certainly one that's worth watching and re-watching.

I must say that the latest work from director Alfonso Cuaron called "Roma" is well done as the film is based on his own experiences and memories growing up in Mexico City as a kid. The film is touching and heartfelt as it's common themes that involve life like connection, change, attachment, sorrow, loss, and love is something everyone can relate to. The film done in black and white and reading the subtitles will hold your viewing interest along with the story. Set in the early to mid 1970's in Mexico City it's a wide open look at the life of a middle class family who struggle with everyday things and eventually a broken home will come out of these struggles, however the wild card and backbone that holds the family together is the young maid Cleo(in a strong performance from Yalitza Aparicio). Along the way Cleo too is faced with her own problems of loss and her life suffers sorrow and change. Still thru all of the storms that both the family and Cleo weather at the end a bond of love, connection, and attachment, is never broken. Overall this movie makes you appreciate family, and love proving that connection and attachment shines thru even when change, loss, and sorrow happens.

I've decided to spend 5 more minutes of my life - a much more worthwhile experience than the last ~ 2 hours I'd spent on watching this "movie" - to leave a few, last words regarding the "masterpiece" I've fallen prey to watch (yeah, "awards")...I absolutely don't care how hard was to make this movie, how difficult was to make the cuts, how astonishing was the camera, etc, etc... At some point art becomes a goal in itself, and that is the point where it should be left to the author HIMSELF to look at it, admire it, dissect it, whatever... but not to the audience.What this movie is NOT is a piece of art for a purpose, WITH a purpose.Snobistic, decorative, pretencious, infinitely unimportant, piece of indulgency is what it maybe is. Not worth a trailer, god forbid 2 hours of your life.

135 minutes of nothing. Existentialism mixed with nihilism add anarchy and you have the most boring, overrated film of all time.
I have now lost 135 minutes of my life for naught.

Some beautiful photography but then again my Aunt Martha's photos of her trip to the Grand Canyon were also beautiful. That doesn't mean I can sit through
2 hours of them without wanting to fall asleep. At least I have a small amount of interest in Aunt Martha since I know her. I had no interest at all in the boring lives of
these people.

I was hesitant to watch Roma based on the reviews that called it a boring film. But when I didn't have anything else to watch, I decided to give it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised. I knew the cinematography was going to be beautifully done but I didn't expect to be so interested in the story. Maybe it's because I'm Mexican or because I can understand Spanish or because I'm familiar with Mexico City. Whatever it was, the movie held on to my attention from start to finish. I really connected with Cleo too. She's a strong woman that kept a brave face through everything she'd been through up until she lost her baby. I enjoyed the connection the children had with her and the realness between Sofia and Cleo.

Roma is perhaps the most ambitious film of 2018. Cuaron is already known for his path breaking cinemas but this time he has transcended almost every known yardstick of making beautiful cinema.
Roma breakthrough fences of language, culture and time. It tells a timeless story of betrayal, love and core intimate human emotions.
Being a autobiographical movie, it tries to deliver the story as raw and real as possible.
It surely a memorable film and also a strong contender for upcoming award shows.

This film set in the middle-class neighborhood of Roma in Mexico City is an artful tale about a domestic servant, an emotional portrait of domestic strife and social hierarchy amidst political turmoil in 1971. The notions of family and friendship are delicately observed and the performances are very strong, especially the part played by its lead, Yalitza Aparicio. Narratively, it is very straightforward and yet it is thought provoking and it has cinematic spectacle.

This is one of the worst films I've ever watched in my entire life. The story has absolutely nothing, nothing at all to add to the life of any human being. It is absolutely fantastic how possible it is nowadays, more than ever, to shoot something worse than an episode of Gossip Girl and be classified as masterpiece.We are doomed.

Absolutely stunning. Makes me very happy that there are people, actors, camera, director, you name it, who make such art.

Main misconception:I don't get most of the people saying this movie - this masterpiece - was boring, that it didn't have any twist or that it's lacking taste or that the characters weren't vivid.I think many people had some expectations from this movie and didn't get them.
They probably wanted some more family drama, someone being murdered or more people dying.
And I just don't get it; it's not a drama unless people die in it? or unless something massively depressing/bad happens?The actual movie review (my review/opinion):Overall it was a very pleasant movie to watch, it didn't feel stupid or dull or boring in any way, everything felt natural and REAL.
That's actually what I liked about it, it was just like a small part, a year of a pretty balanced (financially speaking, but not only) middle-class family, it's so normal and real, everything feels so natural like it's not even a movie, it's almost like a documentary, most of it until the drama kicks in, every time it feels so real, so relatable because it's not some fake, phony movie that shocks you with things you see in most movies (wars, biohazard, breakups, etc.); there are real life problems that are totally relatable in a pretty dramatic setup.
There is life being given and taken away, there are the lives of the main characters that the audience can see, just like a glimpse of them, of their lives, of their emotions, feelings, thoughts.
All the characters are already there when the movie begins and when it ends everything is like 'life goes on'.And the filming, all scenes are so wide and capturing every detail, letting you see everything, there's no hidden things behind it, there are no scenes shown beforehand to give you hints nor scenes that try to confuse you, everything just happens, and the camera is like a silent observer.
Also, very good choice to film everything in black and white, it just makes everything blend in since the action takes place in 70' Mexico City and also since this is a drama, because the lack of color adds to the drama, especially in the most dramatic moments of the movie. It gives it the look of an older movie, a sad atmosphere and it just captures everything that you need to see.It doesn't have to be all in 4K, millions of colors, sound effects, visual effects, stunts, explosions, etc.
It can just have a normal flow, like life itself with it's ups and downs but with a more pale, less colorful, sad but also more classy look to it.

Really got sucked into this and actually forgot I was watching a film. Amazing camerawork that made the whole experience totally absorbing.

The story of the film doesn't make you crazy but its the screenplay, cinematography makes the real effect. The black and white has its own part to play in creating the magic. Cloe the servant plays it character so well that the empathy that I had towards was very real for me. Film contain love, betrayal and tragedy all necessary in a drama.

This year, the director of Children of Men and Gravity, Alfonso Cuaron, made a film in his homeland of Mexico entitled Roma. What makes this film pretty notable amongst his other work is that this is a very personal flick for the guy, considering that it is set in the 1970s, the decade he grew up in. In fact, the film is named after the Colonia Roma in Mexico City, so one can tell how nostalgic this must have been for the director. But how does it work as a whole?The film revolves around the hard life of a live-in housekeeper named Cleo, who works for an upper-class family. That's mainly it, and truth be told, the non-linear narrative works in its favor. At its core, Roma is about the hardships of living poor in a country that went through many struggles and riots around said time. Cleo is a very sympathetic character given what goes on in the feature, and Yalitza Aparicio did a great job selling her intentionally insecure presence to resonate with the tumultuous tone of the feature. Even at that though, there are as many humorous moments as there are somber ones, making any given scene appropriately played out depending on the situation.The cinematography is another added bonus, even with the film being shot in black & white. In addition to the calm and brisk feel of the town, there are plenty of long establishing shots that help convey what is going on much better than if there were a quick cut every ten seconds. Probably the highlights in terms of the filmmaking aspect are the scenes with so much activity going on, especially when the family visits their caucasian cousins where so much personality bursts out of the screen. For a film made on a relatively low budget, the amount of effort that was put into it really makes us feel like we're experiencing pure Mexico. It's great when the atmosphere elevates the film's story much more than expected, especially when there is no cohesive plot.All in all, I definitely give Roma a recommendation for its simple albeit unpredtitcable non-linear narrative that details the life of people growing up through numerous trials and tribulations. Whether or not you can get into unconventionally crafted films like this, it's at least worthy to view the emotions of each given character, especially the children, whom are very endearing when they need to be. It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but for a feature that's mainly meant to show more than necessarily tell, it pulls off the job quite well.

I'm often weary of films with tremendous amounts of praise or build up before I get a chance to go see it. Unfortunately, Roma never managed to get to a theater within 50 miles of me, I finally gave it a shot via Netflix. It's still a movie I would have rather seen in a theater setting, but the intimacy of this story certainly works on a small screen as well. Alfonso Cuaron's follow up to his Oscar winning (and one of my favorite films of all time) Gravity, is an emotional rollercoaster and displays a master at work in cinematography and framing. But more importantly, it takes us through a year-long journey in the life of a maid for a family in Mexico City during the 1970's. Cleo, played by non-actress Yalitza Aparicio, is the aforementioned maid and essentially the second parent figure for the middle class family, which goes a good chunk of the film without a father. The only criticism I have for the film is that there isn't a defined arc that Cleo goes on, or at least not the traditional one, so upon first viewing it takes a while to latch on to her character, but it really is a beautiful representation of a slice of life type of story. It doesn't feel like a movie, rather, we are just a fly on the wall for a year of Cleo's life. Whether it be something joyful or tragic, we're there for the ride. What Cuaron managed to give us a mixture of both in the most beautiful way possible.8.7/10

Roma is a drama film written and directed by Alfonso Cuarón (Gravity, Children of Men). Told primarily from the perspective of a single housemaid, it is a touching personal story from the acclaimed director.In 1970, Cleodegaria "Cleo" Gutiérrez (Yalitza Aparicio) works as a live-in housemaid for a middle class family in the Mexican suburb of Roma. Despite the family's ups and downs as well as her own personal problems, Cleo is always there to help out and put other's needs above her own.Poignant and down-to-earth, Roma's realistic approach to story telling leaves a lasting impression on the viewer thanks to director Alfonso Cuarón's own personal take on the source material. If there's one thing we can learn from Cuarón's filmmaking, it is that he is master of cinematography. The beautiful lingering shots of the 1970s Mexican streets and beaches firmly establish the atmosphere of that particular era and they help give the film a unique artistic integrity not often seen nowadays. In addition to this, the film is shot in black and white, which gives it a somewhat documentary-like feeling. Overall, this may not be for everyone but anyone interested in films about Mexican life from decades past will surely be entertained.I rate it 8/10

Based off of a killer track record from acclaimed director Alfonso Cuarón-and considering I will and always be a die-hard Children of Men (and maybe even a tad slice of Prisoner of Azkaban) fanboy-you could suspect that I had feverishly awaited this new period-piece alluded to as, Roma.First and foremost, let me get off of my chest what E-V-E-R-Y-B-O-D-Y has been saying about Roma: "It's a technical masterpiece." This movie detects like it's one cohesive flow of topography wrapped up in a handsomely pragmatic package. And that sound design obliterates so hard that it-more or less-KO'd me out of my seat a number of times. Not because I had my volume up at 100, but because it was just that psychedelic. My neighbors are filing complaints as I write this. Worth it.The first two acts of this film predominantly attributes bonafide power-cohesive storytelling which (to be honest) is although not supremely bloggable nor lucid, eventually makes up its justification when the film, in the fullness of time, offers a finale of such watertight evolution that it sanctions you into an emotional pit of such almighty, heartfelt corollary.Roma is an imperative telling of how behind the depravity of madness is always sparks of grace, and sometimes you'll-like humans stubbornly do-power through those sentences of unadulterated hell just to score those few moments of beauty because beauty, well, is just too dang worth it. Even a tough life is sometimes worth flourishing, you know? To all the hardworking, invincible, single-parents out there, this film is dedicated to you. I condemn you with such utter and unfiltered reverence. Salut. (Verdict: A-)

I am not big on subtitles but this movie was great. Life happening in a stylized way.

This movie put you right inside Mexico City in 1970s. The actings are beyond real and the main actress deserves at least Oscar nomination. The shots usually lasts longer than you expect but it is still interesting because of beautiful shades of grey in amazing black and white scenes. However, the story is so thin that prevents Roma from being a perfect movie.Watch it only when you are in good mood and you have three hours to watch and absorb a movie that someone may found boring!

Roma is the latest movie of a Mexican filming director, and Oscar winner Alfonso Cuarón.
Through this amazing piece of art, Cuarón opened his memories and releases a package of a pure personal and family intimacy.all of this wrapped with tenderness and warm moments, but at the same time with a raw reality that spread on the screen the cruelty of the broken human condition that belongs to all of us.
In the midst of the daily battles that we all fight, and through the lenses of a normal mid class family in the Roma neighborhood in Mexico City, Cuarón depicts the surroundings of everyone's life in the 70ths, with all the dynamics of people's lives, coming and going in the everydayness of our broken and fullness humanity, describing the relationships that represents to belong. The normal and little details are presented with a masterful hand through the lenses both technically and emotional of Cuarón's eyes...
There is not a typical villain or a stereotypical hero that we can hate or inspire us from a Hollywood movie type. There is no cultural holocaust to wipe out the views of others, instead we all are there...and from the normality of everyone, a simple and humble character emerge to slap all our pride, racial, cultural, economical bias and divisions. This character's powerful and tender personality is presented in the midst of a social and political turmoil to let us know that a simple act of presence and care could be the difference between life and death. That's the power of this movie, it makes us reflect and feel deep inside of us our humanity with outstanding normality, humbleness and emotion, the kind of movie that you'll never forget

At around the 100th minute, Roma made me gasp. And then it stole a tiny tear from me. The story of a singleton, who works as a full-time caretaker and maid for an upper middle-class family in Mexico City in the year 1971 is what all the dictionaries around the world should change their definition of the word 'poignant' to. There is no other way to describe what director Alfonso Cuaron has carved in monochrome in Roma which is a film about everything, with an unpredictable and neat narration, somber music, and above all, a never-ending string of beautiful elements to look at. I have this theory that even if you don't watch Roma to understand what it tries to convey and just look at the flowy cinematography and the visually loud frames in motion in front of you, you will feel a peculiar energy transferring into your body. An energy to face the world like the protagonist Cleo faces (or tries to face) in this tragic drama that is built with so much attention to details that I would need an essay to describe the subtexts and small symbolic references that the film makes to send across a message about human nature and relationships, social hierarchy, politics, and violence. Roma made me gasp, laugh, and consider - and it does so in such a random order that you will find it difficult to realize that it's just a film. The running time might remind you that, but let's not talk about it because it is probably the only thing that will prevent you from feeling the film. TN.(Watched and reviewed at its India premiere at the 20th MAMI Mumbai Film Festival.)

I really do not remember the last time we had such an art in the theaters, apart from the story line which could be stronger but the production, editing, screenplay and directing such an art is really fantastic. I highly suggest it. True passion, undeniable life facts, pain and challenge.

RomaThe upside to being a servant in America is you never understand what your boss is yelling at you.Unfortunately for the maid in this drama, her employer speaks perfect Spanish.Introvert Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio) works for Mrs. Sofia (Marina de Tavira) maintaining her family home in the heart of Mexico City's richest neighbourhood as well as helping her raise her four children while their father is away on business. The family dynamic begins to shift, however, when Sofia's husband's absences begin to grow longer and a deadbeat rebel fighter impregnates Cleo.Slow yet startling, subtle yet spirited, writer/director Alfonso Cuarón lovingly retells the tales of his affluent childhood through the eyes of his family's improvised maid in this black-and-white Netflix import that is beautifully shot against the social unrest of 1970s.Best of all, when you clean up after rich kids you know exactly where they hide their allowance. Green Lightvidiotreviews.blogspot.ca

Roma starts out as a very long-winded, dull and very boring story. The distance the audience journeys with the story is justified with what the story becomes. The patient viewer will be treated with a very special experience. Alfonso Cuarón shows us the raw nature of Mexico. At times, the setting showcases the blink existence of these characters. You need to search long and hard to find any signs of hope. As we witness Cleo's struggle, we begin to understand what the movie's intentions are. Roma is a foreign film in more ways that one. Many viewers are unable to sit through this movie. However, those who find a connection with Cleo, will find themselves redeemed as the closing credits appear. Roma is an experience worth feeling.

"Cauron really shows an incredible amount of restraint here, a remarkably understated film from the filmmaker that has previously dealt in bombast, what with Children of Men and Gravity.

Not exactly my flavor of movie, but wow was this a piece of art. The cinematography, blocking, and story was very carefully and beautifully crafted. Amazing homage and story. It's slow paced and a slice of life, but everyone should watch this.

At first glance, "Roma" looks like an endless 2h15min movie where nothing happens. But it is in the drama of life that lies the strength of the new film by Alfonso Cuaron.In the one-year history of the life of a middle-class Mexican family, Cuarón was able to grasp and understand that the essence of everything is in the details. She is in the expansive pain of Sofia (Marina de Tavira), whose husband changed her by the lover leaving her alone to take care of the four children. Or she is in the silent pain of Cleo (Yalitza Aparicio), a young housekeeper who finds herself involved in a problem when she becomes pregnant with a man who has just used her.The journey of love, care, pain and respect unites Sofia and Cleo, mistress and maid, worlds so different, fragments of their families that unite to maintain sanity while following the course of this often painful walk that we know as life.From the beginning Cuarón breaks the signs of this story to show the union of two women so different that they try, in a certain way, to find forces in each other as they deal with the absence and inoperability of their garbage men who left behind."You're always alone," Sofia warned, at a gutter moment when she got home drunk and crashed the huge car across the walls of the narrow garage of the family home. A clear contrast to her husband's caring at the same time he did not show the same zeal with his own family.In a time of great success in the work of Elena Ferrante, the tetralogy that begins to come alive with the HBO series and tells a story of empathy and rivalry between two friends, "Roma" is also a story of two women so different they need support to maintain sanity. Although in this work there are not moments of rivalry, but the pain of each one that crosses the other and that empathizes on both sides.When it is expected that the film is going to show the difficulties of the maid in the face of the lack of compassion of the bosses, Cuarón shows that its film will go by another slope. It is in the reception of the mistress in front of the employee who is afraid of losing her job when she discovers that she is pregnant, which strengthens the relationship of these two women.Cleo's journey, however, is nevertheless the most interesting. As much as she feels embedded in that family, that is never her family. When you walk through the house, your steps are marked, your eyes are self-guarded, your discomfort is evident, because your home is not your home. She just feels comfortable with her sister.Maybe that's why she tried to find a love like her sister. And the association with Fermin (Jorge Antônio Guerreiro) was the worst possible, as he turns out to be someone who is not trustworthy in every respect.Cleo also finds herself in a deep discomfort with her pregnancy. She does not like it, guilt only consumes it. And only the sea cleanses her soul to the point of finally letting it out, in the midst of tears, how unwanted that son was."Roma" has a huge force, but it's not an easy movie. There are many slow scenes where nothing but life happens. But there is a lot of beauty in Cuarón's work. And in this journey of life, with different turning points, deep marks and the need for resignifications is that "Roma" is so great.

Roma is a great movie with an amazing cinematography. Every scene of it is qualified. I really liked the scenes which is camera turns its own axis. There are some sharp scene transitions, they look cool. Also, black-white composition is a great choice. But If i talk honestly, my expectations were bigger about it. Because every critic and YouTuber I listened were saying damn great things about Roma. For me, this movie cant tell its intensity of emotions in very important times. Let me give an example, when Fermin said "Never call me again, you fu*king maid...(or something like that)", camera didnt go back to Cloe and we couldnt see her reaction to this bad situation. And while I was watching the movie, I was continuously waiting something big which could make a big change on story. But I didnt find something like that. Movie goes slow, especially in first hour and thats the reason. Of course there were some events which has touched my heart, has made an effect on story but like I said before, I expected more. Another point is I couldnt hear any music during the movie, I think thats a wrong decision because if they would make clear choices about music, it would fit perfectly on composition. Anyway, I liked Roma, it is a great art house movie and Im excited for Alfonso Cuaron's next film.

I can't find anything to criticize, Cuaron is presenting a lesson on how to make a drama movie

Having spent 1968-1969 in Mexico, and living in Roma Sur for a month, I can attest to the scrupulous accuracy of the portrayal shown in this outstanding film. Echevarria the President was a kind of Diaz Ordaz lite, who had ordered the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre of students during that Olympic Year. The actress Aparicio was born for the role she played so convincingly, and the hospital's doctors and nurses were most extraordinary in their performance of a stressed major city facility. Those best appreciate the film who lived however briefly in the time and atmosphere.

Roma is, besides an increadibly cinematography, Roma has the unique south-america aeshtetics.
The film trought history, it's frames and permorances the experience of a female being in a colonizated and violent country dominanet by the imperialist North.

It is a nice movie that made me think about what my life is about, whether I made wrong turns or not, and so forth. It's good if a movie makes you think like that. Some movies just blow your mind (like Fight Club), and this movie is more calm and slow, even though it provokes emotions too.
I found the following topics/ideas in the movie:
1. Life of the rich vs life of the poor. The family had 4 kids whereas Cleo couldn't have one. That could have been caused by her carrying heavy luggage while pregnant. Yes, she was part of the family, and even saved 2 kids. Still it was their life being lived, not hers.
2. Some things are common regardless of wealth. A man left the wife just like Fermin left Cleo. "We, women, are always alone, no matter what they tell us".
3. The revolution scene, especially the moment when women holds a dead body of her man, shows that life goes on. People are born and killed, and that's sad. But regardless of how painful and unfortunate your situation might seem, somebody's love one has been just killed on a street.The movie doesn't have any pathos. It just portrays real life. And it does that beautifully.

There is little doubt as to the how this film looks - the black and white cinematography is beautiful and the many tracking shots and widescreen photography really help to evoke the atmosphere and location of the film. This certainly helps as the film takes its time establishing the central character, her day-to-day routines and the relationships around her. The documentary feel of the film and the observational nature of the camera at times keeps the audience at arm's length from the central character, in much the same way that the family appears to do, especially in the first half of the film, but this gives way to a much more involving second half, as plot points and events build to some highly difficult and emotional moments.

Beautifully shot. Impressive long takes as per with Cuarón. Very emotional later in the film, however slow start drags it down to an 8 in my opinion. Well worth a watch if your in the right mood.

Movie night with Iris.Plucky underdog Netflix may have made my film of the year.Some may find this pretentious. I found it truly affecting, upsetting, glorious, and beautiful. The shooting party, forest fire, shopping trip and beach scenes stand up to anything in the last 20-years.Cleo's dignity shines throughout. And i loved this from beginning to end.

A true movie lover deserve a movie like Roma. Splendid performances and cinematography. Hats off Alfonso Cuaron.

Edit: I originally gave this artwork a 9 when I wrote this review but it had such a profound impact on me and I've been thinking about it for so long after watching it that this masterpiece from Cuarón deserves nothing less than a perfect score.This a slow burn but it is thoroughly engaging, beautiful and feels incredibly human and natural. Highly recommend.

One off for the perfect arty shots that may appeal to mostly art house movie goers. The two main men are in positions of power but weak in character and the two main woman are in weak positions and after chaos find strength and power. Every aspct of the film works together creating a unified whole.

Many reviewers have commented on the realism and slice of life perspective Roma gives, but it also has a touch of mysticism or magical realism. Cleo is like a superhero for the family's children. The television performer in the TV show within the movie, who also reappears when Cleo searches for Fermin, named Professor Zovek, claims to have powers. He closes his eye, raises his arms toward the sky and clasps his hands together, and bends one leg so that one of his feet is placed alongside the other leg's knee. Although the crowd laugh at his supposed power, they try to perform the minor feat and fail--only Cleo is able to do it. When Professor Zovek hears the crowd's laughter, he asks, "What did you expect, for me to lift a jet?" A moment earlier, in fact, when he was performing his stunt, a large jet is seen and heard flying directly over his head, very intentionally in the shot. At several points in the movie, a jet can be seen flying over Cleo's head, particularly in the final sequence when she walks up the staircase to the roof of the house. Furthermore, Cleo's inner self has the ability to affect the real world, in good and bad ways. Major events like the fire and the earth quake erupt out of the events that are happening to Cleo as she journeys through the realization that she has become pregnant with a child whose father doesn't want any part of it. However, her "powers" also extend to the good, as she is able to save two children from drowning, despite not being able to swim, near the end of the movie.Roma is not nearly a slice of life, but Cuaron's directing makes the camera shots very obvious because of their beauty, and his directing and writing of the movie's plot puts Cleo in a role above everyone else. She is so important that her inner life affects the outer world, often for the better.

A movie simple and authentic.Imposible to imagine Hollywood can do something like that.All the actors play brilliant altrough only one is pro.It's obivosly a direct movie.The making is amazing.The fact doesen't have an end is the icing on the cake

When I look back and think about the movie, this is just a movie about life. It's about how normal but abnormal, how joyful but cruel, how predictable but also unpredictable, how unfair but also fair among other things life is. The movie portrays these opposites so well that it's breathtaking. You don't necessarily have to know about what life was like in Mexico at that time. It's more or less the same struggles people deal with everywhere around the world and it's very easy to relate certain things to yourself.I was always a fan of Alfonso Cuaron's signature single shot takes and there are a couple of amazing ones here as well. There is no score music in this film and it's just music coming out of certain sources which is a direction I personally love. It makes the movie much more realistic for me. And there is no better way to accomplish this than recruiting amazing sound designers as Skip Lievsay and Craig Berkey (No Country for Old Men) in your team.Story of a maid named Cleo in 1970's Mexico.

A gripping slice of life ..everything from a loving family to murderous riots. You find yourself absorbed not only in the lives of the main characters but also in the tragic era they must navigate. You will feel the undertow of the playa tugging you out to the mighty sea. You will know the pain of childbirth and the guts it takes to hold a family together there and then. It makes you think. It makes you feel. I don't believe you will ever forget the story or the people or the times. Thank you everyone for your work on this classic masterpiece.

I walked out of this movie feeling nothing other than discomfort. It felt uncomfortable, as if this privileged director was reveling in the suffering of his caretaker, because no matter how detached he stays from every character in the film (which makes this film feel antiseptic on every level) it felt inherently problematic to use his comfortably middle class family as a lens into political turmoil that acts only as a backdrop to the characters quaint marital strife. I keep looking for opinions that aligned with mine but find everyone touting this film as a masterpiece. Sure it is beautiful and the main actor Yalitza Aparicio playing Cleio is spectacular, but it didn't know what it wanted to be. It felt like a privileged man who was shirking away from saying something meaningful about how Mexicans of predominantly European descent expect indigenous women to be bastions, to always be there for their family's comparatively trivial problems, and decided to just treat both storylines with remoteness, both of which feel like sideplots in their own film. Also it is strange that he included a sequence of forgettable 60's sci fi film Marooned right before we get the first sequence of how the Indigenous community lives, in conditions decidedly less cushy than the family Cleo works for. It was as if to say "Remember that movie I made? Gravity?" but then it also had this uncomfortable connotation of signaling this director moving out of his relatively cushy sphere into the harsh conditions of his caretaker, as if he is an intrepid astronaut moving out into the alien terrain of hardship, to me signaling that the Mixteco-speaking communities to him were as remote as the cosmos.

You won't find a single shallow depth of field shot in the whole film, instead Cuaron builds a multi layered composition in each shot, with everything in focus, all beautifully choreographed to create constant movement and adds real life to the scenery. Acting is superb. Aesthetically it's among the best looking films I've ever seen. Story is touching and layered. A wonderful experience, I really hope this film wins all the awards so Netflix sees value in continuing making films like this. Bravo!

I honestly didn't expect Roma to be so good. Having read about the number of nominations (as well as the fact that the film was shot in Black and White), I expected an "arty-farty" self-serving pretentious film from Alfonso Cuarón who had gotten (well deserved) kudos for the breakout Clooney-Bullock film, Gravity. Boy, was I ever so wrong!Roma is an emotional and poignant movie about Cleo (played very believably by Yalitza Aparicio), a maid working in an upper middle class Mexican home in the early 70's against the backdrop of social upheaval. We see life through her innocent eyes as she navigates through the day picking up after the four children in the household, doing the laundry, serving food and washing the dog poo laden garage floor tiles.The movie has been described as "achingly" beautiful and I understand why now. This is a movie with an abundance of heart and honesty. Of course, the movie features a talented cast who did a wonderful job of non-acting acting that gives this movie such a raw and natural feel to it. Alfonso Cuarón's direction and photography melds so well together that this movie flows organically with not a single frame of waste to it.A critical and technical masterpiece not to be missed.

I nearly cried during the first shot and it was the credits over a damn floor. Cuarón's direction is exquisite in its patience, thoughtfulness, and attention to detail with long tracking shots, intimate close-ups, busy backgrounds, and remarkable soundscapes. Beyond its aesthetic beauty though, it's poignant in its ability to tell a story (Aparicio's great turn helps of course)-this one being a powerful character study about finding strength and peace amidst chaos (see Cleo's one-leg stand).

The story being told is sublime and raw. A film so captivating in a world full of big budget action and overly celebratised films. Truly special.

Set in the 1970s in Mexico City, this movie follows a maid in a middle class family. Two major events affect the family. The father leaves and the maid gets knocked up. There are some surprises here. One of the nice things in this movie is the affection show to Cleo by the family. The villains here are the men both rich and poor. The baby daddy is a violent scumbag and the father of the family is an irresponsible whipped douche bag. The filming is absorbing - and explicit. The matter of fact was things are shown is refreshing. The tragic parts are better because of it - not sentimental, just realistic.One fault is that I wish it wasn't made in black and white - it's hard to sense some things when it's not in color.Best Picture? Not sure. Best actress? she's very believable but don't know if there was that much acting involved - it was more the story that 's good.

There was no story coupled with far too much Male nudity.

Thank you for showing everyone else that you are not a self-serving biased dolt who can't separate their own preferences from at least recognizing that absolutely flawless cinematography and art direction is a VERY large component of what constitutes great filmmaking, and should be respected as such.I happened to also love the story and acting and slice-of-life writing/dialogue, which is why I gave this a 9/10. What kept me from giving it a full on 10 were a couple over-the-top scenes... the fire scene on New Years Eve was kind of ridiculous and started getting into the "genuinely pretentious" realm, as opposed to what all the "1/10" morons deem as pretentious with this film simply because oooh it's in black-and-white and has a lot of long takes so it's instantly written off as "artsy-fartsy."I can totally understand how there are plenty of people who will say they wanted to get into this movie, but just couldn't get past the long pacing and cinema verité style of the writing.. and I won't get on anyone's case for feeling that way. And the many people on here who basically said as much and gave it a 5 are very probably worth looking into other reviews because they have displayed that they understand that it wasn't their cup of tea, BUT they also know full well that the other aspects of the movie - really significant aspects - were undeniably FLAWLESS and AMAZING. And that isn't at all something that is nearly as subjective when critiquing film. There are plenty of components to filmmaking that are much more largely NOT a matter of opinion. There is excellent sound engineering and then there isn't. There is amazing cinematography and then there isn't. There is flawless editing and then there isn't.This film has all the technical genius of any film out there. Lighting a black-and-white film is much harder than color. Any undergrad film school student can even tell you that. And this movie had all the flawless lighting, cinematography and camerawork direction you could possibly find. THAT is undeniable and worth a hell of a lot more than a "1/10." I mean come on, just... come on. What the hell is a movie like "From Justin to Kelly" or "Gigli" supposed to get if this gets a 1/10 in your oh-so-nuanced opinions, if that's the case??! Get over yourselves, and at least recognize the parts of the film that are undeniably worth at least SOMETHING.So yeah... if you enjoy slice-of-life, slow-paced and subtlety downplayed drama.. 9/10. If you can't sit still through stuff that doesn't have chase scenes and explosions and superheroes, 5/10 .:.because I don't care who you are, you should at least watch something once in a while that has flawless cinematography just to know what it is.

Although I found this film to be very forlorn, I was on pins and needles throughout. Tragic, yet the lead character was so humble that she caused me to reflect on my own privileged life and attitudes. Beautifully portrayed with outstanding performances from the children to the grandmother. I was touched deeply by the dogs. The martial arts training sequence was emotionally wrenching. A glimmer of hope, of escape. Cleo was never looking for an escape, which is phenomenal in my mind.
I will never forget any of the scenes from this film, which is proof that it is a winner in my book!

I have not submitted a review in years, but after watching Roma, I feel compelled to say that I disliked this movie for multiple reasons. Several 1-star reviews eloquently addressed those issues, so I won't restate them. I see movies like Roma as jedi mind tricks by the filmmaking industry to make viewers who don't love it feel they are not smart enough to discern its worth. For the record, I love indie, art house, foreign, and documentary films, but Roma was so boring I suggested that friends watch it with the sound turned off and just enjoy the visuals. Still, beautiful cinematography without an interesting storyline is an utter waste of time.

It is just sad how rigged Oscar is! Except beautiful cinematography (some scenes) the film has nothing to offer. Just because it has a feminist idea behind, it should not be nominated for Oscar or BAFTA

Roma deserves all the praise it gets. The cinematography in particular is stunning, like nothing I've seen before. And it's one of those films that, the more you watch it, the more you notice. I've watched it 3 times, and one tiny detail which I spotted was in the martial arts scene with the instructor. When he does his blindfold one-leg performance, and everyone else tries and fails, there is just one person who succeeds, namely Cleo. There's no close-up, and you wouldn't notice if you weren't looking carefully, but it must be deliberate and telling us something about Cleo's character. A truly magnificent film which will undoubtedly become a classic.

Elegant. That's the best word I can find for the velvety smooth tracking shots, the slow revolutions around the set and the long takes that were undoubtedly meticulously planned, yet acted out with a natural air that lets you fade into the scene yourself.Not sure if I'd call it 10 Oscars good, but the cineaste in me felt moved by it and understands what makes it a critical dream.
A sort of masterful homage to the post-war neo-realists.Called Roma becarse they live in the Roma neighborhood of Mexico City.

You allow the movie's sights and smells to envelop you in a world surrounded by turmoil and tragedy but held together by love and loyalty.

I went into this movie with an understanding of Mexican history but this movie was a whole lot of nothing. I really can't believe that this won the golden globe for best picture. In addition the direction was disjoined and you were having to wonder what was actually going on and what you needed to pay attention to and if you were missing anything....but you weren't.

New film by Alfonso Cuaron, Roma, uses his brilliant direction of art and photography mainly in the scenes without sound, where the expression of the actors manage to convey a true feeling and realism to the viewer

A movie about the "strong" men driving through their lives in style without scratches, perfectly avoiding all the obstacles and about the "weak" women hitting every corner while cleaning all that sh.t left behind...

Cuaron's best film yet. He's a perfectionist and it's apparent in the cinematography of the film. Not a single bad performance. The sound mixing is some of the best I have ever heard. The movie makes you feel sad, tense, happy, and angry. Cuaron succeeds in painting a poignant picture of domestic life in Mexico.

Slow? Oh yes ...like good wine...take it slow and enjoy. The lead actress is perfect. Storyline is sad yet uplifting, slow yet interesting, crazy yet realistic, it is thoughtful and paints a portrait of a woman's inner strength unparalleled by anything you will see on the silver screen. Quiet moving yet deeply touching. I liked this film...but alot of people may find it hard going....watch it like you are watching you mother's past life unfold....and then you will love Cleo and what she stands for..great film.

I loved it, I felt captivated by the story and I think we all can feel identified to it at a certain moment of our lifes. Because it shows you that life hits you no matter who you are, and that, sometimes, we all go trough the same.

I kept waiting for something...anything to happen. But it never did. My mundane life is 10 times more interesting then the most exciting parts of this movie. Just last Sunday a plane missed crashing into my house by about 300 yards. The destruction I saw was far more dramatic then this bore of a movie. Dont waste the 2 hours this movie wants to steal from you!!!

A spandex strongman pulls a car with his teeth.
A dude seduces his date with a naked martial arts demonstration.
A guy gets shot out of a canon, cartoon style.
Fear not, "Roma" is not a surrealist comedy about silly male behaviour. It's better.After "Gravity" defying Hollywood, Alfonso Cuaron delivers an astonishingly moving ode to his youth, carefully stalking a family with a widescreen, smoky black and white lens. Endurance testing long, lava fluid, trance inducing, intoxicatingly delicious, cardiac arresting, "Roma" is the year's best movie. And it's not even close.The anti-Hollywood action flick we all so desperately needed, Cuaron's masterpiece plays as a distant, voyeuristic, peek at complicated family strife in astonishingly realized 1970 Mexico. It's all moving photographs, long, panning, beautiful takes of life's ugliness, revolving around the generous glow of beloved maid Cleo. Yalitza Aparicio is an understated wonder in the lead, evoking a spectrum of summer sun warmth to horrific tragedy, with a minimum of dialogue. Simply fabulous. And fabulously simple.At well over the dreaded two hour mark, "Roma" will test some impatient movie fuss-budgets, but once the spell takes hold, this movie won't let go. Cuaron tackles some hefty subjects - class, sex, political and relationship struggle - in a deftly subtle, background delivery. Watch locally, think globally.If there's no big ass theatre around, project this stunning Netflix beauty on a wall for the full experience.

Clearly the viewer is overawed by the monochromatic, broad sweeping and idyllic cinematography of this vastly overrated film. However, beyond that, the viewer is presented with a cookie cutter story of an upper middle class early 70's era Mexican family complete with servants from a rural Mayan, Zapoteca or Nahuatl village. The middle class children bond with the servants, the mom alternates love and kindness with anger and condescension while the father carries on affair with a mistress. Small plot developments barely warrant attention such as the ubiquitous dog poop, the stereotypical boyfriend of the main servant who stupidly bores us with a martial arts stick moves while naked and exposing us to his grotesque junk, but abandons her once pregnant. The devout Catholic grandma who tries to help but prays a lot. Nothing is really resolved in the movie other than to present this horribly predictable story that closes with a group hug! The martial arts scenes are a colossal waste of cinematic effort, while the supposedly dramatic swimming in the Gulf of Mexico at Vera Cruz is hyped up solely by the sound editor blasting the volume from very rough seas yet visually presenting - what? 3 foot waves! About the only amusing part is when the family picnics with an American family that likes to shoot guns but only drink cocktails when a forest fire starts. That was funny!Is this movie Oscar material? Absolutely not! Definitely not even really Worth watching the whole movie. Protesters shooting up with other people? Uhhh....run of what mill 3rd world everyday stuff. The title? Roma? What's the point of that? It's the euphemism for Gypsies. How is that even remotely relevant to this cookie cutter story of self-inflicted injustice in a 3rd world country?

A film that definitely needs to be embedded into any film school curriculum for it's sheer making and nothing else but as an audience, oh please spare me.The writing was more of a visual medium of a book. The conversion from the bookish story to the film needs elimination of detailed characteristics or moments. The screenplay is average if not good but definitely not excellent and the story is so very cliche that I feel the Hollywood is going down with selection of films into the Oscars. But wait, the film itself is of a maid and every little detail matters but if so, that should have been a documentary and we have seen, read, heard such cliche stories in the past. What's new in this film is nothing. Watching this lady's daily life is like anyone watching their daily life from another point of view. Why would you do that.Show Hollywood a bit of dirt from South America or Asia and they'll go gaga over how bad the life in these places are which in fact was made by the lust of the dumb Europeans who messed up the sanctity of the world.This film is very overrated as a film but in individual departments like cinematography, lighting, art, and costumes it excels well but making such a big deal of it is a tad too much.10 minutes into the film and I couldn't already bare it anymore. Horribly wastage of so much of money. Skip this film and you will miss nothing. Though it was a very plain below average emotional journey, it was in fact a torture of a boring kind.

This movie is the film equivalent of noise music. It's only labeled as a movie because nobody's quite sure what else to call it. No matter how good the shots are in the film, and how impressive it is that extras actually did their job, this movie is still a boring slog that doesn't warrant spending 2 hours and 15 minutes of your time with.

A film with no point, no story, just few moments from boring life. Are we really that desperate that we have to stare at pointless pictures?

Derivative, self-indulgent, self-promotion by the new darling of the critics. Nothing new that warrants all the hoopla.

This masterpiece is unbelievable, amazing, outstanding, every great word in the dictionary.

Please, do not believe the hype!
I'm confused?
I'm a lover of cinema and understand beautiful pieces of work through movies.
This movie is pure rubbish. There is no story being told. No emotion. No connection with any character.
I'm very upset I took the advice from many articles about the Oscars regarding this movie "Roma".
2 hours of my life I will never get back.
Why Netflix, Why????

Roma is a work of art. More specifically, it's a tapestry. Love, devotion, tragedy, grief and hardship in a tumultuous 1970's Mexico. This the film that Alfonso Cuaron never wants you to forget that he made. Fortunately, we won't. A technical visionary director in an intimate setting, with a story close to his heart, is something an audience from all corners of the world can look in wonder at.I realized I was watching something truly special within the first few minutes. We follow Cleodegaria, the indigenous maid, as she cleans around the sprawling upper-middle class house of a wealthy Mexican family. The camera follows her every movement and shows every last detail of her routine. In gorgeous black and white, Cuaron takes many of his cues from French New Wave cinema, and it's storyline is reminiscent of that era as well. Cleo is separated from her employers through class and race. But the human commonality of compassion, as we see by the end of the picture, pierces through those barriers. Cuaron also paints a dire picture of 20th century Mexico, through it's political turmoil that eerily resembles the upheavals we are seeing worldwide today.But make no mistake, Roma doesn't exist as a celebration of Mexico. It's rather, a celebration of humanity and all that binds together. We bleed the same blood, we cry the same tears, we love the same way. Nothing but love from me. Gracias, Aflonso.

Such a brilliant, brilliant, rich movie. There are times in life when you feel you just lost a few hours. There are also times when you were productive at something and feel good, or times when you were simply entertained and feel good as well. There are also times when you feel so emotionally charged that you just have to stop thinking for a second, take a deep breath and start to dissect and to make sense of the last hours spent. This is how I felt after I saw Roma. I feel I do not have time and energy to unpack the layers and layers of meanings and messages transmitted by the movie.Let me start by saying the directing was amazing. The image was amazing (and i do not like black and white movies). The screenplay was amazing. The movie shows the life of a maid and through it goes into questions of class, race, family, gender roles, death. I will not detail where all these things appear but just stop at two things I found particularly impressive. Although it was easy for the movie to fall into the more known narrative of the maid being working class, different race, badly treated and thus unprivileged and discriminated, it does much much more than this. The maid is actually well treated, to the extent that it becomes a second mother (or father?) for the children. When the dad is gone, she becomes even more part of the family. In the ocean scene she does arguably what only parents would do, sacrificing her own life. Therefore, we are left wondering if are parents truly the backbone of a family? Must you have blood relations to be called a parent or to have more rights to raise a child? What does 'your' child mean anyway? If you gave birth to it, what rights are you entitled to? Is the servant/maid worse or better parent than the father who is always away, and cheats on his wife?Another striking thing is the constant presence of death in the movie. One of the children tells about someone who got shot at the beginning of the movie, then another child plays death, the maid says that she likes to be dead when she plays, her child is born dead, in that protest a lot of people are dying. I was ABSOLUTELY SURE that given all these clues, the children will also drown in the ocean scene! But the director brilliantly does not allow this. He twists in a way the whole narrative, to offer us also hope and happiness, that go hand in hand with death anyway. Because Roma is in the end a movie about life, more than it is about death.

Quiet in its tone and subdued in its essence, Roma slowly creeps into the audience's consciousness and tells us a story of human fortitude that has not been exaggerated for cinematic flair. Roma is a deeply personal movie. The story being too familiar, nothing in the movie surprises you. But with an elaborate cinematography and slow camera movements, the movie is able to shine the light on moments that we would not have otherwise paused to reflect on. In its idleness, the movie reveals the complexities of human character and and its ability to rally against unforeseen circumstances. It is a story of hope and courage.
The movie is filled with metaphors. There are so many scenes that deserve an essay of their own. However, I feel its best if I were not to betray these details, before you could watch and form your own reflections. A lot of the movie feels more like a poetry. The black and white theme certainly helps build that feeling.
Everything about the movie feels beautiful and familiar and that, in my opinion, is the triumph of Roma.

The camera pans watching someone do chores.
The camera pans watching someone clean.
The camera pans watching someone washing clothes.
The camera pans watching someone washing up.
The camera pans watching someone walk around.
The camera pans watching someone etc
The camera pans watching someone ad nauseumLooks pretty, but wow is it boring with nothing happening. Ever.Alfonso Cuarón please return to REAL film making!!!

I found this utterly stunning. The visual storytelling is incredible. The gentle camerawork is sumptuous and I was drawn into the emotion of the world - caring for the characters to the point of crying & laughing with them. Cuarón again delivers huge set pieces on another level. I hope this Film wins every award going!

I seriously can't understand all these great reviews about this terrible, terrible movie, I am honestly thinking that people got paid to write them.I kept waiting for something to happen but it never did. Just a long and boring drama about what could be a regular person life.My advice: don't waste your time like I did, I am even writing this review for you.

I have been waiting a long time this year for a movie to truly grab me. I worried that I was being a bit too cynical since there were two movies this year I loved and most of the movies I enjoyed were films I wasn't aure whether or not they were that great. I went into Roma hoping for something remarkable yet tried not to get too hyped. Alfonso Cuarón has made one of my favorite films of all time, Children of Men, and though the only movies I've seen from him were Gravity and his entry in the Harry Potter franchise, he is someone I'd call one of the best directors working today. Once I saw Roma, my love for Cuarón grew.One of the most famous aspects of Cuarón's directing is his use of long takes and in this film, he takes this understanding and gives it a different approach. Many of the shots in this movie are longer than your average shot length yet it never draws attention to it. The way Cuarón handles framing and shot composition creates such a grand environment for something as simple as two people running down the street. In fact the longest takes in the movie are those that seem the smallest in terms of scale but larger in its emotion.Cuarón's attention towards the visual aspect of cinema isn't limited to his cinematography as well as the script. There is very limited dialogue throughout the film, just short sentences yet these sentences say so much about the character's emotion. Sometimes a scene will take place where you feel the character's emotions even if they say nothing. Cuarón understands that this film is a small story and focuses on the lifestyle of these people and it captivates you not with the events but the struggles that the characters deal with.Concerning the lifestyle, this may be odd but one aspect that helps draw you into the world of Roma is its sound design. This director is well aware of the locations as well as the distance between the subject and the camera. A great example of this are moments where a marching band is seen in the streets and instead of playing music and having the audio be the same throughout, he waits until it comes a bit closer to the camera and increases it by a small amount. I could be overanalyzing this but its small details like this that just transport you inside the film's setting.I'm aware that this film will be released on Netflix some time soon and I'm happy because it gives more people an oppurtunity to watch it but at the same time, it's a film that needs to be seen in the theater. It spends so much time with this family as you start to feel for them and on the small screen, it can still be appreciated but in a theater, it becomes an experience.

I kept waiting for something to happen. It reminded me of PBS when they followed a family on Long Island around in the 70s. No emotional roller coaster am, just scenes of daily life with apathy all around.

Before I even start my review, I must say that despite how good this film may be, Roma may be one of the most overrated films of all time. It was so ridiculously overhyped that I think it affected my experience just a smidge. I mean, come on people, I did not start to levitate after the credits rolled. I would almost call this the Infinity War or the Dark Knight of overrated foreign films.With all of that being said (lol I don't mean to trash the film, just the people who are overhyping it), I sincerely enjoyed Roma. With such pristine cinematography, editing, and long takes, I couldn't believe how Alfonso Cuaron dedicated so much time and effort for his very simplistic story. The story follows a domestic worker who works as a maid for a mother of four children, where she deals with the struggles of the job and her own personal troubles, amidst a troubled period in Mexico during the 1970s. Despite the simplistic story, I was incredibly moved by the main actor and all of the supporting cast, who most have surprisingly only starred in this film.There were several scenes in this film that deeply moved me (in positive and negative ways); one involving a pregnancy and one during a trip to a beach, in particular. Even when the film is not moving you, there are tons of moments that are full of laughter, especially a couple scenes involving narrow spaces. From laughter to emotion to even really uncomfortable weird scenes, Cuaron does an extremely great job at conveying all types of feelings for the viewer.The two pinnacle components of Roma that really caught my attention were the long-takes and background characters. The long-takes were extremely well done, when they were not done in an attempt to show how many long takes the director can fit into one film. There are so many scenes in this film that are all filmed in one-take, and whenever Cuaron pulls it off in the right way, it really conveys many amazing feelings. The one on the beach is unforgettable. Even the long take during the opening credits is spectacular. Many of the takes are extraordinary, but it is worth noting that some are just done just because, and really have no merit. Like, do I need to see our main character walk up the stairs for two minutes? No, I do not.The other thing that really caught my attention were the background characters because every single individual person in the background had their own story. A scene in a theater was done so well, that you could look at any person or couple in the audience, and they would all be doing something so unique and different. Any scene throughout the film that had background characters were all doing something special, and it makes me feel like Cuaron gave direction to every single individual. It felt like I was watching real people, and it was amazing.As for complaints, the film does go a little style over substance in some cases. Like I said, the story is simplistic, well-done, and I did care a lot, but the long takes do become a little over-indulgent. I just wish that instead of the director having the need to praise his own skills, that we would just get back to the story at hand. Also, not really a complaint on the film or anything, but people, this is not the best movie ever made.Regardless, the film is a very high eight out of ten. I really do love Roma.PS: It is worth noting that The Chambermaid was trying to pull off a lot of what this film was trying to do, but the latter exceeded in every possible way.

Ok, first of all this film is not for public consumption, second of all is that it might be wise to preface ones self before seeing this film. Please allow me to explain.This film is more like a slice of blue cheese on your roast beef sandwhich...it's an aquired taste. What the director Alfonso Cuarón has done is to take a brief look into his childhood memories and he has successfully place them on film.This film is a visual epoch which, if you allow, will unfold before your eyes. It is more of an experience rather than watching a movie. It takes patience and the understanding of where the film is coming from before viewing.

Snooze. I tried to watch this. Too Artsy farsty for me

This in an art house movie in every sense. Minimal dialogue, slow paced, not much plot, beautifully styled sets and great b\w cinematography.There are some genuinely touching moments in Roma, the birth scene and how Cleo is practically ignored as if nothing has happened while her employer is in fact dealing with her own issues whilst trying to put on a face for the kids.I'm not quite sure how the word masterpiece or Oscar has been used in quite a few reviews. Maybe it's because I couldn't really relate to it, this is despite my mum doing 3 cleaning jobs to bring me up. It's just way to slow and boring

The implication of that title may make you think Roma is one hell of a movie.
It's not.The critics had me looking forward to this movie more than any other in recent memory.
An artistic film with both both style AND substance they said. Just what I like.I was captivated by the opening sequence, the movie had my undivided attention.
I watch intently waiting to witness the magic of cinematic genius unfolding before me.
I wait and watch. Wait and watch.
An hour passes and I feel like there's something I'm failing to grasp.
Another 30 minutes pass and I really hope I haven't wasted my time.
Another 30 minutes go by and the movie is drawing to a close and I am dissapointed.
The movie ends and I feel swindled, conned, duped.
The critics have done it again!Not to compose a total hatchet job i'd like to point out that the sound design throughout was exceptional with the Dolby Atmos soundscape using directional sound to it's full potential, immersing me in the setting portrayed on screen.
I imagine the movie also did a good job of representing the era and location with authenticity.Now for the hatchet job:
I take exception to the critics assertions that every scene is beautiful because they're just not. One imdb user review even told me my Jaw would be on the floor throughout.
Truth is, most scenes are just functional, framed just as they should be with the choice to present the movie in B&W imbueing the scenes with a gravitas that wouldn't be present if it was in full colour.There are 3 or 4 scenes throughout the entire movie that stood out as being visually unique in their beauty and 2 or 3 others that fell too far into pretentiousness to fully appreciate their artistic merit.The themes of life, death, family and the human condition are always good fodder for a thoughtful drama but when the characters are lacking personality, the script is sparse and the story is threadbare it is very difficult for the viewer to care.
Even the intended climatic scenes are anti-climatic and fall flat.Personally, I found this movie lacking in both style and substance.But what about the symbolism and hidden
meanings you say? In this case, convenient devices to to make a dull movie appear deeper than it is.
I'm sure it's all very personal and meaningful for Cuaron but then he has tangible experiences to flesh out the bones of this story.Ultimately, I feel this was an exercise in mundane authenticity punctuated by just enough plot to keep the viewer interested in the hope that it gets better.
It doesn't.

Cuaròn's latest film, "Roma," borrows its title from the upper class Mexico City neighborhood where the director grew up. The film is an ode to Libo, Cuaròn's indigenous nanny, whose fictional name is Cleo (interpreted by the excellent Yalitza Aparicio). Cuaròn specifically dedicated the film to Libo while accepting the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. In the same speech, he professed his love for his country as well."Roma" tells the story of the relationship between Cleo and Sofia, the family's matriarch, as they witness the social changes that affect Mexico as a whole and, subsequently, their relationship as well - since the latter is permanently stained with an unsolved (and unsolvable) heavy socioeconomic and class division. Meanwhile, news of a terrifying clash between students and a paramilitary group spread around the city (the 1971 clash ended up killing 120 people). Cuarón said in an interview that this violent act "scarred Mexican society permanently, and transformed Mexicans as individuals."I disliked this film, for both filmic and moral reasons. I found its aesthetics too unfit for a story about the suffering of Mexicans. Cuarón puts too much emphasis on the beauty of its craft, and such embellishment clashes with the ugliness of this historical moment in Mexican history. I have a huge problem with the film's jarringly clean aesthetics, which mirror Cuarón's endless quest for visual perfection (he also shot this film), despite the fact that the subject matter of this film isn't so glossy. Aesthetics is a language. Cuarón speaks the sophisticated language of Hollywood (courtesy of Netflix and the $100M budget) to tell the story of the people of Mexico who have been left behind. To me, the dissonance is unbearable. Last but not least, the visual approach is nothing new - despite the desaturated, B/W look.Then there are the moral issues. In Mexico, there are 3 million domestic workers who aren't legally registered, without any access to welfare. They are basically slaves. Needless to say, the overwhelming majority of them are indigenous. This is a class and race issue. Cuarón loves Libo. He loves his indigenous maid. But Libo continues to live her life and an underprivileged woman in Mexico, while the director lives in Hollywood. Cuarón has not spent a single word denouncing such social disparity in Mexico. He hasn't done it in a single interview. Why? Doesn't he care about the condition of indigenous maids who are basically enslaved by the rich? Perhaps he just cares about his Libo, and that's it? Love without restitution is an empty word. Personally, I am tired of empty films made by empty directors. I may be the minority here, but I really disliked "Roma."Thanks for reading.

If you watch in fast forward, you wouldn't miss much...

Seriously, i was dying before the opening credits had finished. That splashing sound was killing me and the sudsy water was turning my stomach, making it impossible for me to swallow my formerly delicious eggnog.But i doubted my own doubts, i kept watching even though i wasn't sure if it was the bracketed subtitles that i was supposed to be reading, or the unbracketed ones. I lasted about 25 minutes and then decided to read some IMDB reviews because i still couldn't trust my own unsophisticated views and had to get confirmation from some other slobs. Which i did. I felt vindicated! You're not alone!Anyway, i'll give it this... it's a beautiful looking movie, smashing cimematography. The actors seemed excellent too, i thought i was watching a documentary. But i was bored. The word pretentious comes to mind but maybe i'm just a dullard and unable to glean the finer things. I've been called worse.

I dont understand all the hype around this movie. There is no story, nothing at all. I would summarize it as a boring reality show from Mexico City in 1970.

Photography is good, but If you've been to latin america, there is nothing that can really take your breath away in this film.
There is no story line, not a film for everyone I guess.

Because it ends as boring as it begins.
It's pretentious rubbish and wouldn't be nominated for a single award if it wasn't in black and white. To be honest a score of 2 is a bit generous.

Did you all really like it so much?
First 30 minutes are literally about dog sh.t. Camera work is I teresting, but you can't look at the same spinning move and not feel dizzy. Maybe one day I'll try to watch the rest.

Some beautiful and well planned shots but no story at all, really boring.

The only reason I've just made my account here is that I wanted to share with you how disappointed I was after watching this movie. I really thought that if a movie is nominated to the Oscar award, then it means that it's special - worth seeing. Don't get me wrong, I'm not an amateur who's already satisfied when there's some action in the movie. I also like more sophisticated creations, but in this case I didn't see anything special at all. Firstly, I could sum up the whole movie in 2 sentences. Secondly, the way it was made was interesting, but not sooo extraordinary, come on! If such movies are so appreciated, maybe I should make mine, of course in black and white while doing groceries.

I live in Mexico City. I lived pretty close to Colonia Roma where the story unfolds. I lived a lot if the situations depicted in the movie. I have a lot friends who experienced in one way or another vivid aspects captured in the movie. Still, nothing seems plausible enough to make this the movie of our times. It seems like some Hollywood actors and producers want to manifest about what is happening under Trump era in the USA, and Roma is the perfect mean to its end. I have no regret in stating that movies like The Green Book or A star is born, are by far much better, and impecable fifth art demonstrations. Roma...is just a politics manifest in elections year, you know.

My wife and I both really wanted to like this movie, but it was a huge disappointment. It's essentially a 2 hour home movie. The only thing that kept us engaged was the suspense of waiting for something to happen. Attention Academy: Just because a film is shot in black and white, it's not a cinematic masterpiece.

What is "beautiful" about this pretentious, slow, boring load of rubbish?
In what world is this tosh better than The Avengers?
I'm dumbfounded by all the praise. I could not finish watching it.
JUST TERRIBLE.
If i could give missus 10, I would.

You ever wondered why people keep calling this movie a masterpiece?Alfonso Cuarón might be my favourite living director, jesus that was brilliant. Where to begin with this masterpiece...Well - to start - 'Roma' is one of the most beautiful films of the decade, every shot is masterfully executed, blocked, framed, and detailed. Cuarón himself was the cinematographer in this project, and he did a phenomenal job. You can't help but have your jaw on the floor the entire runtime. Right from the opening shot I knew I was in for something masterful. Cuarón's signature long takes were ever prevelant here, and each was as masterful as the last. Sometimes he lingers on a subject beautifully to exentuate a point, or makes a small adjustment to a shot - giving it a completely different meaning. The symmetry and pure brilliance of every single scene sends chills down your

Alfonso Cuarón packs his unique style into arguably one of the decades most beautiful films. His signature long shots are absolutely stunning, and if you've seen any of his other films (Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Gravity, Y Tu Mamá También) you'll notice that he adds every bit of his style Cuarón from visual symbolism and imagery, to complex takes.There is so much in this movie to unpack, like the rich history of Mexico and it's politics during Echeverría's presidency, to a very common household and the relationship between employee and employer. The film talks through it's imagery, containing themes of family, love, abandonment and so much more.I don't want to say any spoilers, but the scene in the beach near the end of the movie is one of the most beautiful and complex takes I have ever seen in any movie. Hats off to Cuarón for making such an incredible piece of art, and hopefully it gets the recognition and praise it deserves.

I can't believe the reviews of this rip-off of the Italian cinema of the 50's and 60's.
It started with the opening scene of the water being splashed on a floor. I not only found it jarring but interminable. One or two splashes would have sufficed. I lost count after six or seven. I am confused when an "auteur" uses a sledgehammer where delicacy and respect for the intelligence of the viewer could suffice.
The film seems to be being touted as an Oscar contender, primarily for the cinematography. I don't get it.Yes, some of the scenes were staged beautifully and the images were well effected, but there was nothing that I had not seen in the fore mentioned Italian movies. The one scene of Sophia Loren holding her child in the middle of the road in "The Women" totally encapsulated everything this boring movie was trying to say. Fellini and Antonioni did it all first.
Boring does not equate to art. And the film is endlessly boring without the rewards to be found in deep, meaningful stillness.
I have to confess. I walked out of the movie after about 90 minutes and am very sorry that I did not walk out an hour sooner!

A heart warming story that by the end of the film, takes that heart and rips it out of you through your throat.

This movie is very artistic. I read a review that says that you can take any screenshot of that movie and hang it on the wall, and thats is absolutely right. The set design in every shot and the camera moves are perfect. Cleo's eyes are the most important element in the movie. Everything happening domestically and nationally in this movie is commented on by Cleo's eyes only, you feel its effect on her without a word being said. Perfection

Alfonso Cauron's Oscar nominated film is a tribute to the nanny who raised him during the 70's in Mexico. Shot in glorious black & white (by the director acting as his own d.p.) this sense memory put to film aligns a time when a middle class family was breaking down (the doctor/husband has abandoned his clan under the guise of a business trip to Canada) when revolution & political discord was rearing its ugly head upsetting the status quo which continues to this day. The story is told from the vantage point of the young servant named Cleo who bides her tongue & does what she can to survive as an unexpected pregnancy soon becomes the focal problem in her life even though her duties seem to take precedent over everything. Adopting almost a CCV esthetic (the camera seems to be at a distance constantly panning back & forth as the action unfolds before it) w/myriad details happening within the mise en scene of the frame. Cleo takes a bus trip to confront the deadbeat who knocked her up & as she disembarks from the bus we're engulfed by a vista recently visited by a downpour (inhabitants are using wood planks to cross over muddy pot holes) w/an incongruous shot of a carnival taking place in the background as a cannon fires sending its occupant into a waiting net. This constant detail layering works wonders as one is compelled to rewatch this feature for all the minutiae one might've missed upon initial viewing. Will it win Best Picture? I don't think so since the film is also up for Best Foreign Language & if memory serves the same scenario played out for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon almost 2 decades ago (it was dual nominated) & they only came away w/the lesser award (which isn't a dis).

The film filmed by alfonso cuaron was great for me in reality and one of the best part of this year was the black and white film of the movie. The film makes the script more dramatic. The film also tells the characters of the great movie characters in terms of scripts and acting

That's 2 hours I'll never get back. Overrated and boring. Makes me not want to watch any Netflix originals. Wish it was in color so I could have enjoyed the cars which were the best part of this otherwise bleak and boring slice of life.

I thought if I watched this I would understand the hype. I don't. I get that its artistic, technically well done. I like more story and plot to my movies. I see about 95% of movies available locally and try to access other acclaimed movies and I just don't understand how this is nominated for best film...foriegn language film yes, not in the main category. I read someone compare watching this film to watching paint dry and I would have to agree. Very disappointing after all the hype. Someone hired a great publicity team!

Good if you have trouble sleeping, yaaaawn😴
Not much happening, so slow.

It's a tossup-Roma or A Ghost Story (Casey Affleck) deserve the award for the dullest movie of the year.

I was bored out of my mind! Attempted to watch in 3 occasions and could. It keep my eyes open. Photography, direction, were really good as only Cuaron can do! But story line and acting where just boring boring. On the attempt to watch I had to take breaks every 10 min by watching something else either funny or truly interesting and even then I could not pass the 30 min mark and just finish watching.

No story, no colours and most of all nothing intresting.
A complete waste of time

Rather than the story or performance, Roma is a good example how should a film be made, from shot composing to minor detail and execution stunted me.. Top Notch Movie.

The oscars are coming up, and there were a lot of controversial nominations that were announced. Black Panther, A Star is Born, and Bohemian Rhapsody got nominated for a bunch of oscars, including Best Picture, and a lot of people (including me) were scratching our heads on why those movies got so much recognition. A lot of people think First Man got snubbed. I didn't watch the movie, but I can somewhat agree on it because of all the praise it got. I am pissed off about how Hereditary, one of favorite movies of 2018, didn't get a single nomination. Maybe because it's an artsy movie, and everyone knows how the oscars hate those. But I do agree with the academy on one thing, which is giving Roma a bunch of nominations, and that is the movie I will be reviewing today.Karsten Runquist said that Roma is his favorite movie of 2018, and of course I had to check it out. It was on Netflix, so I watched it one night, and I was blown away. There are too many great things about the movie. To be completely honest, I don't see a flaw in it at all.Alfonso Cuaron directed this movie, and he is a director known to immerse the viewer into the movie using his cinematography. That goes for all of his movies except Gravity, because that movie is stupid. This movie is immersive not just for the fantastic cinematography, but for the interesting story that is being presented as well. Every sound in the movie makes me feel like I'm there with the characters, and I can feel what the characters are feeling as well.The acting in this movie is so damn good. Yalitza Aparicio is the lead actress in this movie, and this is her first acting role ever. It blows my mind how good she does on her first role. She got nominated for Best Actress at the academy, and I really hope she wins. All the other actors in this movie also give great performances, and I hope these new actors will have a good career ahead of them.This film was shot in black and white, and it really gives a old school feel to the movie. Some shots are really contrasted and vibrant, and it gives a shiny look even though this movie is in black and white. The plot is like a rollercoaster. There are so many ups and downs, and it gave me a variety of emotions throughout the film. When the movie ended, I thought to myself, "I wish it was longer." When I want a movie to be longer than it is, I know that I like it very much. This movie is a masterpiece, no doubt about it, and I hope it wins Best Picture. 10/10

Beautiful beautiful film. No deying that the cinematography is right up there among the best.However, people saying that there's something beautiful in this depiction of a 'normal' life are seriously deluded as to what actually makes a great movie. Nothing happens in this movie! Nothing! It felt like I was watching a mash-up of beautiful still images and camera panning shots. Like re-watching The Revenant, but only watching the scenery shots.I wasn't entertained (and I don't necessarily mean in a laughing manner) at any point during this film, and I would never recommend anyone watch it.On a final note, as we've seen a lot of this lately in Hollywood, it's no surprise that this movie also is men-hating-porn for your average feminazi as well as single moms and dried up +40 year old housemoms. Just notice how every single important male character is depicted.The only scene which really caught me was the final one, because the lead actress finally beautifully broke her Kristen Stewart-stoneface.This is just porn for your feelings. Get over it, and realize it should never have been nominated for anything other than Best Cinematography, and maybe Best Director.

I saw "Roma" last night, and loved it. It's not often that something so different from the mainstream comes along. It is exquisite to look at; the cinematography blew me away. The entire movie relies on one camera shooting in black and white. It's no wonder it racked up so many Golden Globe nominations. It is art, pure and simple.So how is it different?1. Most films are heavily edited with lots of cuts from closeup to closeup and from angle to angle. Roma's scenes are shot with one camera in one place, panning through and around the scene.2. Most movies rely on closeups to boost the actor's impact, and to establish an emotional connection between the actor and the audience. I can't remember any closeups at all. As a member of the audience, there is this sense of being in a natural space with the actor, at a distance.3. Most movies punch up scenes and underscore plot narrative using music and sound effects. Roma is almost eerily quiet and natural.4. Most movies rely on plot and action to build momentum. The ordinariness of Roma's plot, its prosaic-ness makes it profoundly relatable. It feels real, increasingly so, as the story unfolds.5. Meta-narrative and subtexts are incredibly subtle, but there is visual and narrative irony everywhere. It is nuanced, but somehow hits home.6. Many characters these days are over-developed and over-wrought. Roma's characters possess an almost documentary quality of reality. They are gentle and affectionate and human-scaled.7. Most movies rely on atypically beautiful actors. Roma's roles are filled with people you might encounter on the street or in the supermarket. The lead actor (Yalitza Aparicio) is a Mexican woman with indigenous features that may or may not strike one as beautiful, depending on one's ability to see and understand her. Her humility, depth, modesty, loyalty, and humanity grow throughout the movie. I found myself coming to love her character and care about her a lot.8. Most black and white movies today are visually contrasty with an almost film noir look about them. They are usually very stylized through use of lighting and idiosyncratic camera angles. If there is one word to describe the visual impact of Roma, it is luminous. I assume that it was carefully lit, but it feels like the film was shot with available light. The scenes in the countryside have the luminosity of a Bierstadt or a Moran, but without the contrived, romanticized feel. The Mexican landscape is just exquisite. I've never seen anything like it.9. The film is shot with the technical virtuosity of great architectural photography. With only a couple of intentional exceptions, there is zero lens distortion in the film. Verticals are kept perfect, and the geometry built into the architecture comes through with clarity and impact. The Roma neighborhood in Mexico City, for which the film is named, is distinctively Mediterranean and mid-Century. It was originally inhabited by Syrian Jews, Greeks, and Turks, and those sensibilities show up in the buildings and details. There is a strong sense of place in the film as a result.10. Most of the time, the camera's aperture is set to leave the entire scene in focus. In several critical moments, the cinematographer opens the aperture, softening the focus and riveting the eye on the character. It is, like everything else in the film, very subtle but it works beautifully.In summary, this was one of the freshest film experiences I've had. Many film-making effects and techniques that are used to penetrate the shell of contemporary cynicism and hold the attention of an ADHD audience are completely absent. This film impeaches notions of what's necessary to build and keep narrative and emotional momentum. If there is one word to describe its artistry, I would say it is "brave." Cuaron relies on the best parts of himself and his company to build story, empathy, and impact. I so admire him.

As a film buff enjoying a good landmark film, I was intrigued by Cuaron's attempt into creating an art-house film which is unusual for this director used to blockbuster films.
Given the high imdb rating for Roma and its supposed universal critical acclaim from professional film critics, I decided to give this movie a try... By the end of the film, I just felt numb and swindled by the people who gave this movie such high marks.
ROMA in many ways reflect our changing and decaying times, not in terms of the content of the movie itself which does portray a decaying Mexico city in the 70s, but with regards to the polarization of our society and in this case, the strange disparity of the ratings and reviews on the movie and its even more confounding universal acclaim among movie critics from the media - Note that most reviews are either 9-10 out of 10 or 1 to 5 out of 10 on imdb.
Cinematographically, it is well shot with many long tracking or gimbal shots, framed with a masterful intent and the B&W works well to a certain extent, though nothing out of the ordinary in terms of cinematography that we haven't before: Slices of an upper-middle class Mexican family life in the 70s and the mundanity of the trials and tribulations going thru their lives and that of their servants interspersed with the larger societal upheavals of Mexico city at the time.
Storytelling wise, it is really one of the dullest and most pointless slices of life ever portrayed with such great cinematography disguised as some sort of hommage to the director's childhood.
Chantal Ackerman's Jeanne Dielman - a movie about a lonely widow doing her daily chores - strikes me as a similar film with a very low budget and yet very little camera moves that is way more powerful and effective in conveying drama. Bela Tarr's powerful movies with long tracking shots such as Satantango also convey so much more than this dull exercise by Cuaron yet feel similar in style.
Don't get me wrong, I do like quite a few of Cuaron's movies such as Y Tu Mama Tambien, Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban or Children of Men for what they are, as varied in style and form as they are. But here, I am baffled as to why ROMA gets such high praise.
In the end, I feel that ROMA reflects the times we live in, the unbearably mundane ways with which movies are released and reviewed by the media professionals and reviewers online whereby creating universal acclaim out of some of the worst movies while ignoring worthwhile great shows/films.
ROMA as an exercise of style and form over content is decent, however as a film, it is one that is unbearably hard to praise.
The main reason I feel it is worth watching is because decades from now, I think we will look back and use this movie as one of the finest examples of our decadent culture and the decaying influence of our media. ROMA's universal critical acclaim is the perfect reflection with how empty our society has become, whereby social media influencers are the most sought after workforce in society, whereby futile movies such as ROMA represent the finest of our independent filmmaker's spirit... as other reviewers said, our hollywood emperors no longer have clothes anymore...

Do not waste two hours of your life watching this "movie". A completely irrelevant story and in a format you want it to end as soon as possible. Any maid who got pregnant and the guy was not responsible, and a family that the husband left ... Nothing more.

Don't waste your time with this.Dull dull dull.Did I say how dull it was?

Just a banal story, I can't see nothing special about this movie. And some nonsense scenes. Why is so overrated?
