
"Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" marks a milestone for writer/directer Martin McDonagh and is an idea piece on a mother's struggle with her town after posting billboards containing a call to action in regards to her murdered daughter. With outstanding screen writing and near perfect editing, this powerhouse of a film is easily one of the best all year and is driven with force and intensity by its lead, Frances McDormand.What begins as a narrow and focused drama, gradually escalates to a film with big themes and ideas, relevant social commentary, and much more subplots than anticipated. "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" is packed with questions and a few answers about anger, revenge, violence, and kindness. The story shows people in a realistic light I've never quite seen before. We're presented with characters and their genuine emotions. Nothing feels sugarcoated of fluffed but it never lacks emotional impact either. The movie balances its seemingly contradictory tones beautifully by crafting a dark comedy that feels heavy due to strong subject matter, while at the same time, utilizing comedic moments that feel completely natural to the character's motivations. It's obvious great care was taken into this script and the method in which it's constructed. One of the most talked about elements to this film are the strong performances; particularly by Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. Rightfully so, this is some of their best (if not their best) work these eyes have beheld and they steal the show in every film they're in. That's not take away from Woody Harrelson and Lucas Hedges, as well as the entire cast who give memorable performances and paint shockingly believable characters that we feel we know personally. If there is anything that might turn audiences away from this film, it might be its harsh subject matter despite none of it every being depicted as well as its language and execution with the material. Personally, this has a strong impact and I wouldn't have changed anything about it. It's a highly recommended film with a lot to ponder at the end and is definitely a contender for best movie of the year. Definitely don't miss this one.

Frances McDormand is, without question, one of the very best actresses of hers or any generation. Wow! And like most of the greatest she goes for characters who don't ask for sympathy. The truth is in her eyes, always. So, naturally, I followed her every inch of the way. She is surrounded by a fantastic group of actors. Woody Harrelson is just extraordinary but perhaps the biggest surprise is Sam Rockwell making his one eighty not just believable but very moving. Martin McDonagh's writing is the magic potion that keeps everything together and when I say everything I mean everything. Humor and horror as if it were practically the same thing. The dialogue is brilliant and Frances McDorman deserves the last paragraph. Her face is a wonder. Superb performance. Don't miss it.

When you think about great cinema, you often imagine some grandiose epic setting which all that greatness builds upon. The likes of Gone With the Wind or Godfather or The Shawshank Redemption, such films span through decades or cover the major historic events.But a great story isn't necessary grand on the outside. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is like a tiny rabbit hole size of those three wooden screens, but stick a head in - and you'll see a huge empty space laid with people's sorrow, guilt and regret. And that emptiness sucks you in and leaves no way to stay untouched.But there's also hope. Hope for justice. Hope for retribution. And maybe even hope that it's still not too late to change something, or to change yourself. That nothing is absolutely black and white. That even in the darkest moments of our lives there's some room for a sense of humor, maybe a sad and bitter one but still one worth a warm smile.This world is a crooked place, where crime often goes unpunished. And Peter Dinklage's small role in this film, as a reference to another not so pretty world where the "happily ever after" way doesn't quite exist, is a stinging reminder of that. TBOEM does not, however, try to pull the magic sword out of the stone and go crush the wicked and protect the righteous. Instead, it shows that sometimes, crumbling under the weight of the evil things that fall on us, we lose our own limits and become those who sow evil ourselves. Anger does beget even more anger.And maybe the reason that makes America great indeed is that, with all the messed up stuff happening without and within, it's in your culture to value forgiveness, something Christianity teaches everyone but not everyone tends to listen. To suffer without guilt, yet to offer a helping hand to your offender when he's down and wounded. To break the circle of evil and help each other wake that yearning for decency that everyone has inside them, albeit dormant sometimes. Forgiveness is tough, and, just like revenge, it doesn't bring back the things - or people - we've lost. But at least it helps to hold onto what could still be here.Yeah, it's just a movie, and most people aren't as deep and philosophical as the movie characters can afford to be. But if some unrealistic complexity (and sometimes even wisdom) of the simple people could make some real regular people on the other side of the screen stop and think over their own real regular ways, maybe that's exactly what we need from time to time. Because life is still here, and so are the multiple choices it gives, And which road to choose today, we can still decide along the way.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a dark comedy that has an a-list cast with names like Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell, John Hawkes, and Peter Dinklage. It centers around Mildred Hayes, a woman whose daughter was raped and killed, and who believes that the local police have not done enough about it. In reaction, she erects three billboards outside of her town that send a message to the sheriff about the state of the investigation.Writer/director Martin McDonagh (Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges) has outdone himself with this one. In my opinion, if this isn't one of the top Oscar contenders come awards season, then Hollywood has officially lost its mind.Basically everything about this film works: from the acting, to the writing, to the direction. Mcdormand gives the performance of her career here, giving us humor through all the pain clearly shown on her face. Rockwell also gives his best performance here as a cop who isn't that bright and is more than a little racist. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is probably the most unpredictable film of the year, and that's coming from a year that includes films like Baby Driver and Logan. There are scenes where you think that you know where the plot is going, but then midway through it completely flips the script. For the entire run-time of this film, I was invested. It has the perfect run-time; it ends exactly when it needs to and there is not a scene that feels out of place. It seems like one of the hardest things to do in film nowadays is to balance comedy and drama. However, this movie does it effortlessly. Each scene has just the right amount of comedy and drama, and sometimes, despite the fact that you're laughing, it's easy to forget that jokes are being made.Also, the message that this film gives off resonates very powerfully with you after the film finishes. It makes you see the good side in humanity, despite our flaws. No character in this film is a cliché one-dimensional shell of a person. Everybody has a reason for being there, which is more than some films recently have offered.Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is easily one of the best and most enjoyable films of 2017, and it will make you laugh, cry, and think all in one sitting. There are not any clear flaws with this film that I can find, but I am still searching.I give Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri an A+.

Having recently won the People's Choice Awards at TIFF, Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri is very easy to see why it won.Three Billboards is a dark but also funny and heart-felt story about one woman's quest to get justice for her daughter's rape and murder. After Mildred Haynes buys three billboards with words written on them accusing the town's well-liked sheriff of having not found her daughter's killer, it sets a series of events that turns the citizens and the cops against her.The thing I can say about Three Billboards without going into spoilers is that it is wildly unpredictable. One moment you think things are going one direction as expected then it takes hard left turn that only adds to the dynamic between the characters. As the pressure within the town builds and anger is pointed towards Mildred, we see many of these characters evolve in order to deal with tragedy and grief and learn to find peace. And the movie goes through a roller-coaster of emotions. One moment you are laughing your butt off from the hilarious dialogue then you feel like someone just punched you in the gut. With every victory you think this story brings you feel like it was taken away from because of the world's unfairness and injustice. In lesser hands the mixture of dark and comedic tones would not work, but director and writer Martin McDonagh knows how to balance them to perfection.The performances here just through the roof. Frances McDormand delivers a performance that will for sure get her into the Lead Actress awards race at the Oscars. As Mildred, McDormand just cuts loose with her performance with every line of hate, cynicism and cursing towards everyone she feels doesn't truly understand the internal pain she is going through. But McDormand does now and then show a soft side to Mildred. It shows that Mildred is just person like everyone who has her own way of dealing with the tragedy of loosing her own child. And Sam Rockwell also gives one of the best performances of his career as the flawed and very misguided cop Dixon. The character of Dixon is short-tempered, volatile, and not bright with some baggage of his own that the locals accuse him of. But Sam Rockwell brings his charm and sincerity to what could be a rather unlikable character. And in the latter half, you see Dixon go through a tremendous arc of learning to care about others rather then just being angry towards them. Other great performances that should be called out are Woody Harrelson, Peter Dinklage, John Hawk and Caleb Landry Jones.Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri is easily one of the best movies this year and is worth seeing once it comes out in wide releases.

Pretty cool cast, and interesting premise muddied by oddities, implausibilities, and a juvenile sense of story. Is this a film set in a world where crazy stuff happens as a matter of course, or a normal every day world where crazy stuff happens every now and then? In this film, I see pretty normal people doing normal things and having normal things happen to them, so why is it the writer/director chose to litter what could have been a very good film with SO much bizarro bs? And with literally ZERO character development? Three giant billboards THAT close to the road and THAT close together - I've driven all over the country and never saw that. Billboards in rural areas tend to be smaller and definitely not that close together for obvious reasons. WHO is this woman, Mildred? We know literally nothing about her beside the fact that her daughter was murdered. Eventually we find out she's divorced and has a son who lives with her, but if one is to care about the protagonist, character development is crucial. As it is, it's interesting to watch her do and say crazy stuff, but I couldn't care less about her.WHY is it, two male characters directly related to the protagonist have a girlfriend & wife 20+ years their junior? Do they live in a part of the country where such a thing is commonplace? What are the odds of that? Probably about the same as if your dentist won the lottery but then your mailman did also. Yes, possible, but very, very odd and distracting.Why does Willoughby's wife have an English accent? Was he in the military and met her while overseas? Is it common for a small town in Missouri to have British accented residents? If there was ANY character development, maybe we'd know these things. As it is, it's distracting and elicits questions that shouldn't have to be asked. $5000/month for three previously forgotten about, decrepit billboards on a road people don't use anymore? LOL. For someone who is supposed to be a savvy, tough, non-nonsense older lady with the wisdom of the Buddha, that's pretty dumb.A cop smashes office windows, assaults a man and throws him out a 2nd story window with no jail time. Really?! Why does Willoughby have fatal cancer? Seems as no more than a cheap device used to heap more disdain on Mildred. Yawn. Dixon ends up in the same hospital room as the man he assaulted? Is that supposed to be ironic? And again, what are the odds? Mildred firebombs the police station, nearly kills a cop, and then just says "I didn't do it" and that's the end of it?! Really? Some creepy stranger visits Mildred in her store and harasses her, THEN is overheard in a bar talking about committing a crime, maybe the crime in question, but alas even after Dixon cleverly retrieves dna from the guy, it turns out he's not even a local, and wasn't around when the crime occurred. Why then does the creepy guy know so much about the crime in question and WHY is he harassing Mildred!?!?!?! WHY?Then to top off ALL that nonsense, Dixon and Mildred decide to go murder the creepy guy anyway, LOL, how profound.

Frances McDormand is a grieving mother who puts up "Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Missouri" in this 2017 black comedy directed by Martin McDonagh.Mildred Hayes (McDormand) is disgusted that the police haven't found her daughter's rapist and killer, so she takes out billboards asking why the chief of police, Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) hasn't done anything about the case.The billboards set off anger, violence, and revenge motifs in this small town. Things become worse when a pent-up police officer, Dixon (Sam Rockwell) becomes enraged and starts acting out.Lots of swearing, lots of violence, and lots of laughs to be had in this film. It was strange to watch as I had just seen another film, Past Life, that focused on the subject of anger and pain, and how it can eat a person up and destroy them. This film is yet another good illustration of that, as Mildred stops at nothing to make a point.The one-liners are amazing, and Mildred's speech to the priest who comes by to ask her to remove the billboards is hilarious. The movie is filled with strong performances and equally well-developed characters. We see all of their sides - violent, kind, vengeful, angry, sad; we finally realize they're just people driven in some cases to extremes.Harrelson's performance is touching -- we're prepared to dislike him but his sincerity and humanity come through. As Dixon, Rockwell seems like a monster, but once he acts out, he's able to focus his energy a little better.And then there's McDormand, a powerhouse. She's not good ol' Marge in Fargo. She's a tough woman with a broken heart who takes out her anger any way she can. It's a beautiful, multilayered performance. Highly recommended, asking the questions of where revenge and hatred can take us, and deciding when and if it stops.

I will say that I enjoyed this film, mostly due to Frances McDormand's performance. It was surprisingly funny given its subject matter. But after thinking about it for a few days after watching it, I have to say a few words about the writing, because it seems everyone is raving about how "Oscar worthy" the writing here is, and at first glance, I thought so too. But thinking back on it, I'd have to say the writing is actually pretty sloppy. There's a lot of stuff here that doesn't make a whole lot of sense, and I mean a lot. I can't explain this without revealing spoilers, so be warned.--Most strikingly the (deputy?) Chief Dixon violently attacks Welby, busts his face with his gun, throws him out of a window and proceeds to kick him while he's down, all in eyes view of the new Chief Abercrombie. Sure, he gets fired. But not arrested? Not even sued?--And as for Abercrombie. He shows up the morning after the previous Police Chief died and declares that "they" sent him as a replacement. They who? Is there some force outside of Ebbing that dictates who their police chief is? That part really didn't make any sense to me. Also, replacing one of the main characters halfway through the film, a character we're starting to get to know, with a stereotype that we don't know anything about, was rather odd.--Someone lights the billboards on fire. But apparently only the paper on them burns, not the old wood that's been sitting there decaying since the 80s, because they are able to paste duplicate posters to the existing structures without any problems. That's laughable. That old wood would have been a pile of smoldering cinder.--Mildred is portrayed as such a tough-ass, assaulting a dentist, kicking children in the crotch (with no repercussions I might add), storming into the police station spouting vulgarities, but when she's confronted by a guy who suggests he's actually the one who killed her daughter, she freezes and seems helpless. One might say the fact that she didn't go psycho in this scene is what makes this screenplay original but someone else, like me, might argue that it's just out of her character and doesn't make a lick of sense.--Chief Willoughby for some reason is an old geezer but has a young, attractive Australian wife. He also has two young girls. Yet he's completely vulgar around them. While instructing them about a game of fishing he invents, he calls the blanket they are sitting on the "god-dam blanked"--twice--to little four or five year old girls. He says to his wife later that it's her turn to "clean the horse *hit" out of the barn. OK, I actually have quite a bit of experience tending horses. It's not called "*hit" it's called manure and you wouldn't even call it that--you'd just say "clean the barn" if you really owned horses. The writing of his character, other than the scene between him and McDormand while they were sitting on the swings, was actually horrible.--Mildred burns the police station down, throwing 5 Molotov cocktails out of the still broken windows of the advertising agency across the street (not boarded up by then?). And the new Chief just accepts the explanation that she didn't do it because she was with James. No more investigation. Ho hum. Police station burned but oh well. And then a few scenes later, Dixon is apparently in the suppose to be burned down police station sitting there having a conversation with the new Chief.--Dixon is a complete jerk to the bone. He gets a letter postmortem from the now deceased Chief. Suddenly he's a good guy. Yeah right.I could go on and on with this but I'm afraid my word limit here is going to expire soon. I'll still give this film a 7 star rating because I DID enjoy watching it, but the writing here is really not all it's cracked up to be. It does feel like it's a big novel with a lot of twists, but in retrospect it's more like a parody of a big novel with a lot of twists, and the twists don't make a whole lot of sense.

The actors are superb, but the script fails in several ways. My immediate reaction, seeing the opening shots, was that this was not Missouri. I guessed it to be the southern Appalachians (where I have spent a lot of time), and so it was. The characters did not behave or speak the way real Southerners speak or behave. Martin McDonagh has written his fantasy of what he thinks Southerners are like. He got it wrong. He works in film sort of the way D. Trump works in politics--he shocks, he amuses, he appeals to our base instincts. But he doesn't tell a coherent story. The central characters are not sympathetic, and indeed they are borderline sociopaths, including Frances McDormand's character. Sam Rockwell's ludicrous cop character would not be tolerated, even in small-town South. Viewers are left to wonder why Woody Harrelson's wife is a much younger luscious babe with a foreign accent. (Also a real Southern man, even a lout like Harrelson's character, would not use foul language in front of his two small daughters.) The period was not clear; observing the cars in the film it seemed to be the 1980s or 90s. Yet there were no computers seen in the police headquarters of the advertising company office. Yet near the end McDormand uses her cell phone. Other reviewers have noted the recurrent racism of the screenplay. I kept wanting to get up and walk out, but stayed for a simple reason. As with any whodunnit, I wanted to find out who did it. Guess what? McDonagh never lets his audience know who did it. As author he must know, yet he keeps this information to himself.

First, let's all just accept the premise that police beat up random black people for no reason whatsoever. Also, police are inept, because they can't find someone to arrest for the murder and rape of your daughter, even though there is zero forensic evidence. Next let's take a moment to reflect on the time you told your daughter "I hope you get raped on the way too". Now it's time to start lashing out at the world because you are angry. Start by committing 2 felonies against a dentist. It's also a good idea to go into a police station and tell them what horrible people they are. When your signs get set on fire, climb onto one of the burning signs and stand at the top of the flames. Next, fire-bomb a police station, because you are still mad, even though there is still no evidence or suspects. Finally, if you can't find the actual person who committed the crime, instead go murder a complete stranger on a hunch. This is all very profound and heart-wrenching...can't you tell by the music?The police chief isn't so bad though, because he has cancer and is spitting up blood. He thinks it's best to leave the hospital, because what do doctors know about dealing with cancer. He doesn't want his wife and kid's final memories of him to be slowly dying in a hospital, so instead their final memories will be of him blowing his own brains out in the barn. Thankfully, a streetwise black police chief came in to take over for the inept and racist white police officers. Now things will finally get done.

I can understand how one can adore this film. Of course it had some very interesting ideas and tried to make certain points, but in the end it was a tonally indecisive mess. Here are some of my main reservations: - The script is overexplanatory and relies too much on coincidence, while it plays down the consequences the main characters would have in real life, when acting nuts. I dare you to go burn a police station down, remain at the scene (regardless of the fact that you are virtually the only suspect) and tell me what happens afterwards. Yes, I know McDonagh would have argued that we shouldn't take the movie at face value, but there are too many -and too important- plot holes to forgive (and this is not a buddy cop comedy for god's sake). - In a cringeworthy flashback scene, we see the mother and daughter quarrel about Angela going out, only for them to prove their precognitive skills (Angela said she hoped she would get raped on the way, and Mildred agreed with her). Well, I'm positive there were more subtle ways to show why Mildred is filled with remorse. - I thought Rockwell's character to be too cartoonish at times. McDonagh said that they had to cut a lot of material because there were tons of moments with Rockwell's character that were too comedic, but there are still many way over the top moments left in the movie. - Willoughby is portrayed as a genuinely decent guy. Honestly, I don't get how can a Sheriff let his racist officers deal with black people the way they did and still qualify as a good person. Supposing he was an ignorant, illiterate redneck, I would be much more willing to excuse this kind of behaviour.

It seemed that the pregnant police detective Marge Gunderson from 'Fargo' would forever be the most memorable character of Frances McDormand's acting career. But now I'm not so sure. Mildred Hayes, the heroine from 'Three Billboards', is a serious contender. This might well be her best performance ever.The part of Mildred Hayes was written with McDormand in mind. Hayes is a divorced single mother, living with her son on the outskirts of a small, remote town. She had a daughter too, but the girl was raped and killed on a quiet mountain road not far from home. Frustrated by the lack of progress of the investigation, Hayes decides to rent three dilapidated billboards, publicly accusing the local police chief of incompetence. By doing so, she attracts the attention of the media, angers almost the entire town and causes a succession of increasingly violent actions.Although the film is about grief, anger, revenge and violence, it is extremely funny. Above all because of Mildred Hayes' stubborn character and her ability to verbally humiliate people by her extremely sharp tongue. The monologue she delivers when a priest visits her house to tell her she has gone too far, is priceless.Apart from McDormand's performance, the screenplay is another great feature of this film. The story is full of unexpected twists, gradually shifting the positions of the main characters towards each other. None of the characters are one-dimensional: they all reveal surprising parts of their personalities as the story moves forward.And then there is the overall, almost Coen-esque atmosphere of a small town full of colourful characters. There is a racist cop, a friendly midget, a smart advertising guy and a pretty girl who is so dumb she doesn't know the difference between polo and polio.It is hard to mention something negative about this film. 'Three Billboards' is, from start to finish, a great movie. I can't imagine anyone not enjoying it.

Seriously, any critic that says this movie is somewhat good, should chance his job. Is the acting great? Yes
Is the story-idea great? Yes
Is the execution great? No way. It almost never happens that i yell at a screen in anger because a storyplot is so unrealistic that it hurts. But here it happend. The scene where Officer Dick throws out the advertising guy of the window and then just sits within his station, nobody arresting him, not even the new Chief that clearly saw it and fires him would arrest him - well, this is just not even in the united states of police brutality realistic and just ruins the whole movie for me. From there on, the movie was just a pain. And im almost never not on the line of critics...dont understand it.

This movie is so obviously trying to be edgy & artsy, it might as well have had someone walking out with a sign at key moments- "laugh here" "gasp here" "tear up here". I love the actors, the characters were super colorful & the movie wasn't boring. Other than that, it felt like someone took a template of a dark comedy & then just left out the realism. Going out on a limb here but I'd say people don't normally use the F word & C word that often. Policemen don't act like that ...and still have a job. Assault, arson or attempted murder are causes for arrest (even for cops)People don't let their friends do jail time for the sake of leaving signs in the street (that was a friend, right?)That 19 year old girl would not be attracted to the exMaking fun dating a little person might have been funny 20 years ago (and then his enlightening 'look in the mirror' speech as he left the table was ... meh) Also, that was quite a 180 for the vicious, racist cop who throws people out of windows. Too many unrealistic situations & reactions. And why did that random suspect guy come into the shop in the first place? Did he rape someone in Irag? And throw a turtle in there while you're at it.Sorry, love the premise, love the actors but sometimes I think critics just have a checklist they go by.

The good: performances by Caleb Landry Jones, Sam Rockwell, and Lucas Hedges (despite not having much screen time.) There were some moments that were pretty cool and did some new things, but overall this film isn't worth much. It is basically a string of mean people going along and doing mean things, to no end. Nobody learns anything, the little growth that does occur is quite forced, and a lot of it doesn't seem very grounded in reality. The tone is confused, bouncing back and forth between Nickelodeon comedy and a dark drama, making it hard to take seriously. Woody Harrelson seemed to care so little about his voice-over work in the middle of the film, but that's understandable when the writers didn't seem to care much either. The editing wasn't great and offered unclear communication at times. I don't know who picked Abbie Cornish for this, or anything, as she is an exceptionally poor actress. I think we're supposed to be emphasizing with the main character, but that's hard to do when she's a callous wrecking ball. Making a film about a parent dealing with trauma of this nature is a great premise, but there's a certain humanity lacking. I disconnected with this film when she didn't take the billboards down the moment her friend got arrested. I assumed it was a given- how could you let your friend rot away in jail while this futile ploy of yours is the single cause? And how was the friend OK with that upon being released? This is not a strong person, this is a petty and immature person who is seeking solace purely for selfish reasons. It is also completely overlooked that she is harming her still-alive son throughout the course of all this. Finally, we have one scene with Mildred's daughter, who is the cause of all events that take place in the film. Not only was the actress incapable of carrying this scene, but it was also hard to believe she was the daughter of Mildred. Overall, an unaware film that seemed to try to be catering to the current political climate.

A truly weird experience: incredible acting performances in an incredibly bad script. Yes, it's unpredictable but it's also totally unbelievable, with forced plot twists and character arcs which make no sense. And when Frances McDormand starts monologuing a CGI female deer, all residual good will goes up in smoke just like the billboards.
McDonagh has nothing to say, just like in the execrable but well-acted In Bruges. He prefers shock value over good storytelling, character development and depth. Unfortunately the Oscar success of this misfire means we'll be subjected to his 'art' for a long time to come.

I really wanted to like this film. But it has plot holes you could fly a 747 through. The characters do completely nonsensical things. And for the love of God, if you're going to make a place a character in your movie, at least actually film it in that state. Like maybe ... I don't know ... In Bruges?

Combine the quirky characters of the master of quirk, Wes Anderson, and sensibility of adolescent wish fulfillment fantasy director Quentin Tarantino, and what do you end up with? The year's most overrated "black comedy," Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. It's the work of playwright by trade, Martin McDonagh, who's been quoted as saying that he prefers writing for film over theater (why couldn't he stick with the stage if that's his primary area of expertise?).McDonagh's strategy is to appeal to both liberals and conservatives but in the end he remains squarely in the liberal camp. He serves up absurd characters that appeal to the baser elements in our culture but infuses them with "hearts of gold" so they appear to straddle both liberal and reactionary fences, but actually exist in none.Take for example his main character, Mildred Hayes (played by a haggard-looking, one-note Frances McDormand) who puts up the three billboards outside of town, frustrated by Sheriff Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) and his small town police department's inability to catch the man who murdered her daughter seven months earlier. The foul-mouthed Hayes functions outside the law and McDonagh throws a bone to reactionaries, asking us to approve of Hayes' desire for revenge and endorsement of vigilantism.McDonagh's other rebel is Officer Jason Dixon (Sam Rockwell), a racist who tries to top Hayes in her quest to be the top-rated anti-social misfit in town. First he arrests Hayes' co- worker pal Denise on trumped up marijuana possession charges and after he learns of Sheriff Willoughby's suicide following the revelation of a cancer diagnosis, he goes after Red (the man responsible for renting the billboards to Hayes) and throws him out a second floor window (instead of arresting him, the new black police chief merely fires him! What's up with that?).Just like Hayes, Dixon finds a scapegoat to assuage his guilt over Sheriff's Willoughby's death. When Hayes finds her billboards ablaze, she naturally pins the blame on Dixon and firebombs police headquarters. It's at this point that McDonagh rather simplistically attempts to redeem his protagonists. The saintly, all- knowing Willoughby, in a letter he leaves for Dixon after his death, reassures the errant former officer that he's not such a bad guy after all, provided that he gives up his bigoted ways.After Dixon survives the firebombing at the police station where he went to read Willoughby's letter, he decides to help Hayes after overhearing a potential suspect who might have killed her daughter. During a fight with the suspect in the bar, he manages to obtain the man's DNA. In an original plot twist, the DNA does not match and the potential murderer is ruled out as a suspect in Hayes' daughter's death.With Hayes apologizing to Dixon for the firebombing of the police station (she escapes being charged aided by an alibi from a dwarf who lives in town), the two vigilantes make their way to Idaho to seek revenge on the now ruled out suspect in Hayes' daughter's death, as they are convinced he's guilty of other crimes of rape, and deserves punishment.McDonagh, however, is uneasy with the idea that Hayes and Dixon would actually go through with their extra-judicial act-so he throws in a caveat. As they're talking to one another in the car, it's probably the unheard voice of the goodly Sheriff Willoughby which is still in the air. Hayes and Dixon express doubts about actually going through with the plan-the implication of course is that they will not engage in another act of violence-that they in fact have "learned their lesson," and now are ready to act as law-abiding citizens.It might be reassuring to a liberal audience that the bad guys suddenly become "good"-that there is a measure of redemption for the two who have become unhinged by the deaths of people close to them. In reality, vigilantes remain vigilantes, and such reversals in outlook are highly unlikely. But even if one accepts the improbable Deus ex machina, McDonagh's willingness to excuse all the prior bad conduct, suggests a crack in the screenwriter's moral compass.Ultimately, McDonagh wants his quirk-fest both ways. He revels in the bad acts of vigilantism, appealing to the aforementioned "baser instincts"; but offers up redemption for his bad actors, in the form of a martyred lawman, who like a saint from above, offers words of wisdom for the ages.

it's unfortunate to use the word comedy, dark or otherwise, with regard to this film. unpleasant would be a better adjective. if you've seen the trailer you know what the billboards are about. if not, you'll know when you see the movie. revenge and guilt are being served up cold. deep down, apparently, every one has a heart of gold. racists, wife beaters. whatever. I did not buy it. others have.

This movie I went into almost blind, but I came out of the theater with it probably being my favorite film in the last year. This film is so smart at being able to keep you at the edge of your seat from simple things that they plug into the film. Heartbreaking and tense situations in the first half of the film come back in some shape or form that leave you questioning what is going to happen. There was genuinely no predicting what the characters were going to do and how they would react to certain events. This unpredictability doesn't just apply to situations, but possibly more notable in character arcs. Without giving to much away, there is a character in this film that does everything possible for you to hate them in the first half, and by the end of the film you are rooting for said character. There's times where the characters that you cared for are becoming real and dis-likable in certain scenes, but to the point of more so being genuinely worried about how their choices will affect them.Every actor in this film did so tremendous as well. I really can't think of an actor or actress that outshines the rest. But if I had to pick favorites, Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell were just that. But a lot of that just has to go into the writing of the characters themselves. The cinematography in this film allows the actors to take advantage of facial expression. There's a scene relatively early in the film that is mostly sitting and staring but the actors have such convincing movements and gestures, it goes to a point where you don't need dialogue to tell what they are feeling and what they are thinking about.Really the only issue I have in this film is some scenes felt a little unnecessary. Can't give away too much without spoiling, but in a film where every character goes through in arc, there's one character that is just there to break tension and crack personally unfunny jokes. But this character did not affect my score and they were barely in the film.I highly recommend checking this out.

The drama of Martin McDon, known primarily for his ability to violate the foundations of modern drama, can easily be considered one of the best in the outgoing year.In the center of the picture is the mother of the deceased girl, seeking justice and justice in a rather cynical manner and the unquenchable hope for which is the meaning of life, along with a single son and a worn blue overall."Where is the cliche?" - I thought, and already on the 10th minute of the movie I stopped speculating about the development of events and trying to predict the replicas and actions of the characters. This unpredictable plot was not in my memory for a long time, considering that all the events taking place for nearly two hours (and there were an unlimited number of them) surprise with their surprise and sometimes absurdity.The non-linear structure of the film makes the viewer systematically ask the question, "What will be the end?", But "What will happen tomorrow?". The same question is asked to themselves and all the characters: the divorced mother Mildred, who is already desperate to find justice, ultimately lives by today and actually loses the intelligible for herself and for the surrounding purpose, humiliating the policeman and accusing them of racism, sexism and other " ". Sheriff Willoughby, who learned that he has cancer, does not know what will happen to his reputation after his death. The sheriff's widow does not know what will happen to her daughters. The assistant to the sheriff Dixon sits up his pants and reads comics, having no motivation, no prospects, nothing.The appearance of three billboards in Ebbinge literally leads this small town into a rage. The hunt for Mildred is accompanied by violence on the screen, both from her side and from her ill-wishers (scenes in the dentist's office, as well as in the advertising firm). Even the church involved in the scandal gets gets on the forehead of Martin McDonagh, who calls her "a criminal group" and "lovers of little boys, and in general, boys." The whole town shows all the dirt, like a fish, rotten from head to tail, stinks of hypocrisy.Thus, the unyielding willpower of the heroine Francis McDormand and her motivation, which at some point is questioned, makes the actress, perhaps, the main nominee for the Academy Award. And the abundance of all sorts of characters (including the hero of Sam Rockwell), well-designed, but sometimes fantastic scenario and satire on acute social problems (racism, sexual harassment, police lawlessness, etc.) make the Three Billboard reflect modern disgusting reality and valuable ( if not the most expensive) coin along with Bruges and the Seven Psychopaths in the treasury of the talented Martin McDonagh.Bravo, McDonagh!

Slow but not boring. dark, intense and complex and not predictable. incredible cast but still felt realistic. powerful and engrossing but not a feel good film

I've never had such an unpleasant feeling watching a movie before. The characters are awful people, sociopaths even. Frances McDormands character at first comes across as just being a broken woman, but a flashback scene shows that her character was never a pleasant person. Her ex-husband likes to poke fun at the towns little person like he's still in junior high. Sam Rockwells character is the worst. He tortures a black kid, punches a young lady in the face, throws a city clerk out a two-story window for no reason at all. But yet, the writers thought that his character needed a redemption angle. Are you freakin kidding me?? His character belonged behind bars. Aside from this, the script was just awful. People talking in ways that people just don't talk. Things thrown in there that didn't make sense. Why was this military veteran from Idaho, who had nothing to do with the girls murder, and who's never been to Ebbing before, just show up and start harassing a dead girls mother? Also, the characters in this movie do things that would ordinarily land a person in county jail, or even prison. But, they go completely unscathed. But, lets not ignore the biggest goof of all, the wife of Woody Harrelsons character suddenly out of nowhere develops a British accent.The producers must have spent some good money on fake reviews, because I can't see how so many film critics can find this movie to be great.

I wanted this movie to be great. It wasn't. The performance by Frances McDormand is good but not great. She's very good at showing overwhelming anger, but that's all she's allowed. Her character never gets the chance to breathe. Blame the script, not her--she's a terrific actor, but this is a one-note performance.2. There is a sub-theme about race. Race is an important issue and deserves to be treated honestly, but in this movie, it felt like a side-road that led nowhere. (It actually feels like moral preening on the part of the scriptwriter. It didn't add much to the movie's meaning.3. Wonderful performances by Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell as a police chief and officer. Woody especially brought grace to a character who at first seemed unsympathetic. (BTW, McDormand's ex-husband has a young and beautiful girlfriend, and that relationship is treated as awkward and shameful. Harrelson's wife is young and beautiful, and that relationship is treated as idyllic.) 4. Police officers don't talk like that among themselves or to others.5. I particularly didn't like the Chief's take on racist cops, saying essentially that all cops are racist. That may be accepted as dogma by some Hollywood screenwriters, but any chief who talks about his beloved employees--or cops in general--like that shouldn't be a cop. Coming from this character, the sentiment is cheap and clunky and inexplicable.6. There are a couple of plot holes wide enough to drive a billboard through sideways. The most egregious (no spoiler here) is what happens (actually what should have happened but didn't) immediately following the window scene. (You'll know the scene when you see it.) The thing not happening was necessary keep the plot going. Everything that happened after that feels tainted as artificial and contrived. Likewise a later scene in a bar, involving a coincidence beyond coincidence.7. It's impossible McDormand's character wouldn't have been arrested several times in the course of the movie, for several serious crimes. Once again, he plot depends on that not happening, and thus the plot again is contrived.8. There's a letter delivered to Rockwell's character late in the movie which is full of Hallmark Card sentimental drivel. It can't be justified by either what we know of that character or what we know of the writer.In a world (as the movie trailers used to say) where we are awash in numbskull comic book movies and incoherent special effects spectacles, it was a small miracle this film even came to my local cinema. Too bad I couldn't love it.

What a movie and what great acting. Frances McDormand has done amazing job and deserves awards for playing Mildred Hayes. Although a very serious subject, this movie is a comedy.The punch lines are to the point and absolutely hilarious. I went to the Toronto International Film Festival to watch this movie and boy, do I consider myself lucky to have decided to watch it.The story, screenplay, direction are amazing. After The Grand Budapest Hotel, this movie comes as a breath of fresh air.

Billboards set ablaze but apparently the only thing that burned were the plastic wraps.....silly.What was the purpose of the conversation with the priest? How did what happened to her daughter have anything to do with Catholic priests molesting alter boys? And in a small southern town, what was the likelihood the lead character was Catholic.....seemed agenda driven to me.A cop beats up an innocent citizen and throws him out a window yet his only punishment was losing his job? How was he not immediately arrested and thrown in jail.....mind boggling.A woman firebombs a police station and there is no investigation. The new cop sent to the town just accepts the statement of the local town dwarf and life goes on.....hard to believe.Why did the stranger go into her shop if he had nothing to do with the murder? If this man was out of the country and had no association with the Sheriff why would he care about the billboards?......Illogical.The movie was watchable until Woody Harrelson's character kills himself.....the movie dies at that point as well.

I can't understand how this movie gets such good ratings! Way too many open storylines in my opinion and unsatisfactory ending! Really disappointed after such good critics during Oscars ...

I went to see this movie because I hadn't seen any trailers to it. It's something I do because trailers are unreliable and spoiling, but also this case was based around the sheer number of good reviews. I can't even describe how surprised i was when i started to invest in the drama, and I really got my money worth when seeing it in the theaters. This is a movie that grips you good from the start, and holds the tension of the backstory right up until the end. The characters are phonemically written, and the actors did a hell-of-a-good job portraying them. This is a movie that could have been written off with a "strong protagonist"-cinda-story, but unfolds to a much more deep and philosophical tone. To be honest! not much happens in this film, but because of the powerfull characters within - every little detail about their lives, becomes of great importance throughout. I can say without a doubt, that this is my favourite movie of the year (2017...Ofc.)

I want to love this, as I get the main premise. However, there were a lot of quirks that just didn't fit. Things that didn't scan. Prime example was Sam Rockwell's character, office Dixon. It's like they tried to paint him as a one-dimensional, racist bad guy who redeems himself, but then add more layers that didn't really add/take away from him. Just filler for no reason. And what he does should have gotten him arrested not suspended. Unrealistic.The dad was just dumb, but then they pull back on the throttle and he's okay. Then he's a dick again. I get that the writer/director is trying to add depth, but it just came out as confusion over the character and his motivations. Him saving the file was stupid. As stupid as her burning down the cop shop and him beating up the ad guy.Honestly, I rooted for Mildred the least. I found her to be the least sympathetic character in the entire movie, and she was a mom who lost her daughter to a horrific crime. I get it, it changes you and a person who goes through that will never be the same, but damn. I found it almost impossible to root for her. And her little dumb conversations with her slippers and dear? Not cute or informative. Just dumb and it made the character look nuts.I rooted for the sheriff the most. Here's a good cop who really wanted to solve the case and bring in the bad guy. Not for Mildred or himself, but because it was the right thing to do and it was his job. The dynamic of him having incurable cancer was interesting, and the one time I actually liked Mildred was during their interrogation scene when his cancer interrupts his smug "gotcha" speech. She's so awesome to him and he to her. The one true, shining moment of humanity in this. The movie would have been better served telling the story from the sheriff's point of view and ending with him.6/10, but that's an aggregate. There were some real 1/10 and 10/10 moments.

Three Billboards is an immensely enjoyable viewing experience. The characters are carnivalesque, outrageous and troubling in one turn, heroic and inspiring at the next. McDonagh quite deliberately does not let you find a moral centre in his tale. There is a 'save the cat' moment very early in the film, a character helping an insect rather than crushing it, that is so mechanical that I flinched. Shame on me for falling so easily into McDonagh's trap. The plot zig-zags and leaves you breathless trying to process each new piece of information. The dialogue crackles with delicious insults. I laughed hard, and often. And then I cried. And winced. And laughed again. There is one scene of quite shocking violence. The performances have been lauded, and rightly so, as Frances McDormand, Caleb Landry Jones, Sam Rockwell , and Woody Harrelson bump and smack against each other tied to the roller-coaster plot. Peter Dinklage gets the chance to show his range. But while the praise for the acting is merited, the praise for the screenplay is more problematic. A huge coincidence in the final 20 minutes sets off a chain of events that leads to a redemption that is unearned, and a reconciliation that seems implausible. "Love," implores a missive from one character to another, and the moral turn that character takes on that one command is too abrupt and too unequivocal. It also asks for forgiveness of acts already witnessed, and implied, that are far too egregious to be forgotten. A flawed film then, but perhaps all the more interesting for those flaws. Don't make the mistake of seeing it alone like I did - you will definitely want to talk to someone straight after viewing.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a different take on a crime/drama film filled with bits of dark comedy. What stood out for me in this film mostly was the acting, it was phenomenal. Frances McDormand plays this strong independent woman who fights for what she believes in. She does a great job of coming out as a cold person with no fear. Sam Rockwell stole the show for me, he brought most of the humor in my opinion. Overall the film had a thorough and entertaining plot which had you captivated, especially once the movie picks up pace. Someone in this film definitely deserves to win an oscar, whether it be Frances McDormand for best actress or Sam Rockwell for best supporting actor. If you despise drama films, I would skip this, if not, watch it and you won't be disappointed.

I went into this movie with big expectations. I loved the trailer and Sam Rockwell never disappoints. The movie touched lots of modern society's problems as Trumps presidency, priests that molest children and the church's "acceptance" or rather ignorance concerning this huge problem, racist cops and the problematic handling and prejudices many cops have against people of color. 
The scene were Frances McDormand confronts the priest in her kitchen stuck with me the most. All actors deliver great performances, especially Rockwell and McDormand. I do somehow feel like the movie and especially the topic had more potential. Some scenes felt so out of place and should have been cut from the movie (the deer scene and where Woody Harrelson says "goodbye" to his wife). It scratched the surface of so many topics, when instead it could have gone more in depth with the topic of rape culture and how the police handles the investigations. However, I did like the humor and that it didn't feel forced but natural. It didn't ridicule or disrespect the very problematic topic but pointed out how ridiculously fucked up the system and society is.

Three Billboards has a soul. It's a study of anger and compassion. Two of the many insights: anger can seem real but is often just a pose, an empty shell, a hollow story. And there's a world of difference between everyday anger (which can be huge) and malignant anger (which can be evil). Even though the film is a bit clunky, you walk out of the theater feeling kinship with the people around you.

I live in the great state of Missouri and have never encountered any of the "ist" characters portrayed in this heavily flawed film. You name the "ist" word and it is portrayed by all except for the minority actors which are also dishonored because of their stereotyping in this movie. Horrid condemnation by Hollywood of the "flyover" part of the USA. They still don't get it.

Martin McDonagh (In Bruges, Seven Psychopaths) wrote and directed this very tough but brilliant story about anger, revenge, agony, prejudice - and redemption. Every character in this dramatic tour de force is drawn with equal parts hate and anger - with a dollop of hope and forgiveness and reconciliation in the end. It is a phenomenal achievement. The language is saturated with foul/vulgar/trash type language but it fits the area and the particular character in this darkly comic drama. After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated. Mildred's son (Lucas Hedges) is seemingly the only stable character despite his absentee father (John Hawkes) and 19-year-old girlfriend (Samara Weaving) antics and his mother's foul pained mood. The pinnacle of angry young men is policeman Dixon (Sam Rockwell in a brilliant performance) whose movements include severely harming the sign maker (Caleb Landry Jones) as well as violating all manner of laws. Peter Dinklage portrays James, the 'town midget' whose role is also key to the denouement of the action.Rape, murder, arson and many other forms of violence fill the screen but McDonagh makes it all make sense. McDormand, Rockwell, and Harelson are astonishingly but then there isn't a weak member in this extraordinary cast. This is one of the best films of the year, despite the subject matter at the core of it.

Saw this in a theatre. Very entertaining film with relevant social issues. The film deserves best film Oscar n Rockwell best supporting actor.
The best part about this film is the character development and the awesome ensemble cast and their performances. 
Frances McDormands performance is solid but Sam Rockwell cannot be ignored n Woody Harrelson is always a treat to watch.
Another great aspect is the writing. McDonagh did a terrific job. He tackled the films serious dark material very well n made the film bearable to watch by adding enuff humor, unpredictability, tension n beautiful locations. The editing n cinematography is good too. This film was captivating n mesmerising n not at all slow as compared to most Oscar nominated films.
Havnt seen the directors previous films but will definitely check it out as after watchin this film i can b sure of em being good.

I am completely baffled by the positive reaction to this movie. Comedy? No, sorry: grief, racism, cancer, suicide, rape, murder and assorted other antisocial behavior, not funny. The unintentional (?) irony of using a term like "black comedy" to describe this movie makes me throw up a little in my mouth. I am a huge Frances McDormand fan (and appreciate her performance here) so I'm very reluctant to infer that all this nastiness was intentional, but I don't know how to make sense of it. Intentional or not, it's repulsive and infuriating.Just one example among many, but for me the straw that broke the camel's back: the racist cop unambiguously commits attempted murder of one character, who happens to be white, then cold cocks a female witness. (This last, shocking detail is apparently considered trivial by the writer/director of a movie whose PREMISE is the rape and murder of a woman, since it's never mentioned again.) The attempted murder is eye-witnessed by the new chief of police, who happens to be black. (So edgy!) Bizarrely, the racist cop is not arrested, though minutes later he's ordered to turn in his gun and badge. For what reason? The script is such a mess that it isn't even clear whether this is because of the attempted murder (absurdly inadequate) or for sassing the Chief (under the circumstances, ridiculous, and... what EXACTLY is the movie trying to say here?). The new Chief ignores/forgives/understands the attempted murder because the racist cop was upset? He thought firing him was more appropriate than arresting him and charging him? Oh, it's a COMEDY so we're not supposed to dwell on these kinds of details? Hell no, that won't fly, not in America in 2017, where racist cops murdering innocent people because they're "upset" is no laughing matter at all. I'm almost as troubled by the awkward attempt at "balance" (I guess?) when Frances McDormand's character essentially commits an act of vigilante terrorism on the Police Station, almost killing someone in the process. The ridiculous ending made me think of Trump: there are fine people on both sides. Nope. I'm not having it. This movie is disturbing. Boycott this crap.

Folks, if anyone doubts that Hollywood and big-city liberals despise ordinary Americans, have them watch this sorry excuse for a movie. It's overflowing with all of the typical insults and egregiously bogus misconceptions of rural life, especially that of the Mid West.As for the movie, it's a mess from start to finish. The story line is full of billboard-sized holes and is often unbelievable to the point of frustration. The casting is awkward; the characters are loathsome, the gratuitous profanity is appalling; and the ending is just plain lazy.Avoid this social-justice garbage ...and the people who promote it!

Really ? This is a comedy ? In what universe this is considered funny ? I'm not sure but perhaps , rape , murder and battery is very funny in some parts of this planet . Do cops really acts this way in USA ? I'm one hundred percent sure that they don't.
And yeah guess what attempted murder and arson are real crimes , hell they are felonies yet characters in this ....ah very artistic movie do them without any consequences . And for Gods sake , joking about midgets is so not funny , it might have been funny in medieval times , not any more . Very bad very very idiotic , if this thing wins any Oscars , i will set up three billboards reading : 1 ) After almost one hundred years of movie making 2) still confusing absurdities
3) with edginess ? How come Hollywood ?

Wow...I am stunned and shocked to see the 8.4 rating this film received.The film had the potential to be truly something powerful.1 - Powerful subject matter (rape, racism, police corruption, toxic masculinity) You name it this film really covered some of the most poignant and important topics in American society, yet marginalized every single point it was trying to make. 2 - Superb Cast (4 A listers, Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell, Peter Dinklage) You could not have casted better for each role (besides Sheriff Willoughby's strange English wife WTF???)3 - Location / Cinematography / Soundtrack (superb)4 - Story (A mother posts billboards on a deserted stretch of highway to encourage the local police force to solve the horrific rape and murder of her daughter)
 
Because of the nonsensical plot twists, the inplausible and impossible coincidences and the flat out bad writing and bad acting this movie simply blew it.Fails:1 - Woody Harrelson's character explains to Frances McDormand's character in the first ten minutes that they have done everything in their power by cross referencing the DNA samples found with databases nationwide and that there were absolutely no leads. Therefore her persisting in keeping the billboards up just doesn't make sense...2 - Why didn't the cops just deface/destroy the billboards from the beginning if they were so corrupt and didn't give a shit about the rule of law???3 - The dentist who just happened to be one of the people complaining about the billboards insists on pulling out FM's tooth without even looking at it. She then proceeds to drill a hole through his thumb.4 - Woody committing suicide. At that critical point in the film with the billboards and him showing only the first signs of even being sick. The guy is the chief of police and the entire town thought so highly of him. NO WAY he would just kill himself like that.5 - The conversation Woody and his wife had on the couch was just way too dirty and bizarre and why all of a sudden was she speaking with a British accent???
This just completely through the film out of sync.6 - The scene with the surviving daughter was just contrived and bad and made Frances just look like a horrible mother.7 - The breakfast scene the next morning and her ex-husband overturning the table while the 19 y/o girlfriend looks on...8 - Sam Rockwell smashing the front door, beating the advertiser, breaking the window, throwing him out the window, assaulting the secretary, and again beating the advertiser in plain sight of the soon new to be African American chief of police who does nothing. Rockwell is not arrested and sits at his desk while the film cuts to a news report about the chief's death and if the billboards may have contributed to his suicide.9 - The news inferring that there may be a link to his death and the billboards paid for by FM's character. No news outlet would actually have said something like that for fear of being sued.10 - The new chief of police taking his sweet time to enter the station and only after what appears to be half and hour or so dismisses Sam Rockwell from his job.11 - Who the hell helped clean up all the broken glass and monitored the situation which was happening just outside the station then??? All the cops were inside the station as if NOTHING had happened.12 - Some random guy coming into the gift shop to threaten FM's character, saying that he wished he could have been the one to rape her daughter. Ends up he was nowhere in the vicinity or even in the country when this happened. How does he know where to find FM? Why doesn't she chase him down or at least get his license plate number after he leaves. To top it off she's saved by the late sheriff's wife showing up to deliver a letter left by Woody.13 - The billboards are burning down when FM and her son drive by and they conveniently have a 50 gallon fire extinguisher in the front seat..14 - SR just happens to be in the police station when FM decides to firebomb the station from across the street. She tries to call the station to warn him to get out (Call trace???) But then just decides to set the station on fire with SR inside. Then conveniently Peter Dinklage's character just happens to be walking by and then becomes FM's alibi and then agrees to go on a date with him.15 - FM & PD go on a date at the "nice restaurant" in town and her ex-husband and his 19 y/o girlfriend just happen to show up.16 - SR is out of the hospital after maybe 24 hours after having "severe burns" and decides to go for a drink at the same exact time as FM's colleague who he had arrested & the billboard guy and to TOP it off the random guy who might have raped her daughter are all in the same bar. The random guy is bragging about having committed a rape just out of the blue when SR is sitting right next to him and then when SR goes outside, comes back, he finally asks if that guy has been sitting behind him the whole night... SR was like 6 inches away there is NO WAY he didn't know he wasn't there... Then all of a sudden when SR goes to the bar the guy acts like he has a big problem and they get into a big fight where SR decides to scratch the guy to obtain a DNA sample instead of simply calling the police and at the very most detaining the guy until the police arrive.Probably one of the biggest stupid parts of the entire film. Seriously 4 linked characters all randomly showing up at the bar. The guy admitting to a rape in public very well knowing someone is right behind him. A cop who had just read a note from his mentor saying he knows he has the potential to be a good police officer and he goes and does something as stupid as that... MOST IMPLAUSIBLE SCENE EVER !!!17 - The new chief of police informs SR that the DNA was not a match and the guy was not even in the country but in a place that was sandy.... WTF is this about? Just poorly written and absolutely does not make sense that that random guy was even in the town to begin with.18 - FM & SR decide to go to Idaho to track down the guy because while they may not be able to solve the case which actually means something to them, that guy was probably a rapist and deserves to die to...Good luck finding him in Idaho being that he was just in your town a few days ago. Yeah ok....What a waste. This film truly could have been something which raised real questions about the role of the police force in society and how corruption, racism, sexism, homophobia are being addressed in rural communities but nope it just turned into the biggest laughable POS in recent memory.Don't watch this film.

If this movie is considered not only to be entertainment but a work of art worthy of cinematic awards and an endorsement of Hollywood's encouragement for more like it to be produced then it's a sad day for the industry. I found it to be nasty, ugly piece of work that sets out to portray men in the foulest light possible for no better reason than to play to the current drumbeat of every social movement wanting to distance itself from Harvey Weinstein and Donald Trump.I can only guess the claim to being a 'comedy' albeit a black comedy, is to justify a certain degree of satire in stereotyping the white guys as racist, mysogenists on the defensive against the unexpected attack of the movie's downtrodden feminist principle character.The fact is, ordinary people do not act or talk the way these characters do. The dialog is devoted to extreme expletives raging on in hate for each other and proving and achieving nothing in the process. Ironically the result is extremely racially offensive and sexist and even manages to be debasing to dwarfs; and for this trash they award oscars?

It's like McDonagh started writing off the top of his head and whenever he got stuck just kept adding outlandish twists. Then, presumably very high, he read the resulting first draft mess and thought, 'I'm ready to shoot.'How does such a naked emperor wander around hoovering up praise and awards? I have no idea. But don't shortchange yourself and feel you have to go along with it. This film is really bad. Really really bad.

It's exceedingly rare that I hand out 10s or 1s -- I reserve these for the perfect, and perfectly hideous, and neither is easy to come by. (I also elevate a score when something is of the "so bad it's kind of great" variety, like "The Room" or "Oogieloves and the Big Balloon Adventure"). "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (which is one of the most awful titles in ages) is that rare find: something perfectly bad with zero redeeming qualities.The plot seems to hinge on a woman hellbent on finding the man who raped and killed her daughter -- ooh, a revenge mystery! Actually, this crime, like everything else in the film, is just a self-consciously writerly device to get people to bloviate in the same tone with each other on sundry topics that have nothing to do with the crime. There's a deep well of syrup and cornball below the acid river of misanthropic shit that flows through every scene. There isn't an ounce of sincerity in anyone's relation to another -- it's all pure manipulation, formulaic broad strokes that in every aspect have been done better 100 or 1000 times already. Lots of decent actors have "big moment" cries, but it's all empty, hollow-ringing verbiage. Had I but world enough and time, I'd gleefully dissect this abortive mess, and I concede this is more an "F-U" to the director/writer than a review, but I already feel my life wasting away minutes as I contemplate this execrable film past its due.

If it wasn't for the big names to carry this movie it wouldn't deserve a third of the critical praise it has received. I can't even fully describe to you, dear movie goer, where this movie is flawed. First of all, these characters in real life wouldn't talk like this. The vast majority of middle America doesn't curse this much in regular every day life. There isn't a lot of ppl that live in small town USA that walk around dropping a GD and an F in casual conversation at the dinner table talking to a priest, at the dentist office, sitting on a swing talking to a cop dying of cancer. That was the first major problem I have with the story. Like seriously WTF? The characters have no authenticity to them. And in a movie where character development is key, I found myself struggling for resolve. I mean the woman's daughter was raped and murdered for goodness sake. So that's major issue if you can't find something else in this woman's life to identify with. Furthermore, I can't help but wonder if making this a fictitious town was intentional or if the director actually wanted to use the town that they filmed in but city officials vetoed that once they heard the dialogue. Honestly you're better off watching an episode of Dateline and then following that with the Departed. Those 2 things make more sense than this movie.

So we are supposed to believe that in Ebbing, you can be a cop and throw someone out a window and beat the hell out of someone (with several witnesses) , or firebomb a police station, or set fire to billboards, all without any repercussions. Well, I guess that's why the rapist/murderer got away with it.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017) really is a fantastic film, definitely deserved its Best Picture nomination at the Academy Awards. They just got everything right with this one! A film of this type is very difficult to make. The main reason it's so tough, is because yes it's pretty dark due to the subject matter, but it also has some comedy sprinkled in occasionally. You have to make sure that the comedy sprinkled in does not make the subject out to be a joke, or that it doesn't diminish it in any way. Luckily, this one was done in a very smart fashion. When there is comedy, it is very funny, but when it's time to be serious and focus on the darker aspects, no on is laughing. That's how you pull off a film like this successfully. The plot surrounds Mildred, played by Frances McDormand. She rents three billboards just outside of Ebbing, where she lives. Those billboards have messages on them that go after the local police department, she is doing this because her daughter was raped and murdered and she doesn't think the cops are doing anything about it. After she does this, there is a lot of backlash and there are consequences that people suffer. I won't give away any spoilers, but let's just say that you won't be taking your eyes off the screen. Part of the reason for that is because of the cast this film boasts. McDormand gives a fabulous performance here, I mean I was blown away by her raw talent that was displayed here. So glad she took home the Oscar for this powerhouse performance. Woody Harrelson is good here too, his character isn't quite as big as McDormand and Sam Rockwell's, but he still did a good job. Sam Rockwell is a very talented actor and he proved that talent here with his portrayal of the very complicated, messy character that he plays. I loved every cast member and what they brought to the film. The writing is witty, clever, and above all, intelligent. I 100% recommend this film.

Last year I had the unfortunate duty of giving the eventual Best Picture winner at the Academy Awards a negative review. 'Moonlight' was not a movie that sat well with me. Now this is a very early call on my part but I have a sneaking suspicion I'm writing the review for the 2018 winner as we speak, and I can assure you it's not going to be a negative review this time around. 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' is the finest film I have watched in a long time. How a film that can break your heart so effortlessly can also manage to be so damn funny and charming at the same time is simply beyond me. It shouldn't be possible. However writer/director Martin McDonagh proves that it can indeed be done.Frances McDormand in the lead role is astonishingly good. There are many cries at the moment that there aren't enough movies with females in the lead role. Well showing them that the best film in 2017 has one is a good place to base your argument from. She is so good that you can feel her broken heart and soul almost as if it is your own. Sam Rockwell is also nothing short of superb. He remains one for the best actors working today and I only wish he would take on more work. Finally Woody Harrelson is fantastic in the film. He seems to be so endlessly charming in every film he appears in these days. Was that always the case? Regardless, he is a brilliant edition to this film.Be prepared going into this movie is all I will say. It will take you on an abolsute rollercoaster of emotions. There are times where a hilarious line is delivered and you might actually stop and question yourself, "Am I allowed to laugh in a film this dark?" I know the Oscar nominations aren't even out yet, but I am extremely hopeful that this is the final film read out on ceremony night. Great films deserve great recognition.

How in the world did this get any Oscar attention??? The story line was so bland that the dry comedic effort of the writers was the only thing that made it worth watching all the way through. So the above board story line is that a mother is angry and distraught at the lack of effort being made towards finding the killer of her daughter. She pays for some billboards towards that effect. The billboards cause a lot of friction in the small town in southern Missouri where she lives. And around and around it swirls.... For nearly TWO HOURS!Now here is the story that Hollywood really wants to tell you. Everyone who lives in small town Midwestern towns is dumb, alcoholic, and incredibly dysfunctional. Well everyone is provided that their white. If you live in a small Midwestern town and you're black, well then you're a well balanced, hard working , decent person with good common sense.Of the 50 or so characters seen in the movie, I recall three were black. They were the only characters that exhibited any intelligence, decency and good common sense. Every single adult character that I recall otherwise was portrayed as having at least one version of a serious flaw in their character. They of course were white.I hear the lead actress got up on stage at the Oscars and went political. I find that funny given that her character was probably the most flawed in the movie. Her character was unreasonable, angry, violent, and generally unloving.
Overall the sociopolitical undertones of the movie were irritating. So grateful that I didn't spend a dime to see it.

When I entered the theater I had not checked the director and writer for this film in maybe a week, so I continually asked myself if it was a Cohen brothers film, which to me is bad when it's actually written/directed by someone else. I think that there is a difference between paying homage to artists and downright imitating them.The protagonist (who is played by Frances McDormand) is presented to us a likable person at first. But when she speaks to the police about her problems she seems quite nazi-esque. She wants to draw and test blood from every person who lives in her town to find a criminal. When the police chief informs her that such a thing is impossible because it would be a gross violation of people's civil rights, she doesn't care. He replies, "he could have been a man who was just passing through the state." "Then let's take blood from everyone in the country." Sure... She says it quite seriously. Repulsive.Woody Harrelson provides good acting, but there are multiple scenes in the movie when he does voice-over for comic relief that are mildly amusing at first but feel stale and forced rather quickly. There were many times when I just wanted to shut it off-- when someone is stretching irreverence out to the point of being unrealistic and absurd it's just bad writing. It's also bad form to have so much voice-over in any movie.In the early going, Sam Rockwell's cop character is the type of person who would strike me as reprehensible yet tolerable. When he pistol whips an innocent man and woman then beats the man to within an inch of his life he goes from tolerable to I-want-this-moron-to-die. As other people have noted, the police chief (who witnessed all of these things in person) wouldn't just fire such a person. He would be arrested and convicted for attempted murder. Instead, the chief fires him in an almost nonchalant manner.There is also an additional embarrassingly stupid scene in which Rockwell's character thinks that he is overhearing a violent criminal brag to his friend about his crimes. When the criminal confronts him... he scratches his face... then stares at him. Again, the Rockwell character is borderline retarded, but even the dumbest among us have a survival instinct. When I saw this scene play out I thought that it was part of a strategy or plan-- the Rockwell character wanted to get the guys arrested for assault so he could make his case to the police chief. Nope. Just more idiocy.It has a few solid comedic moments. But I would never watch this film again.

It was an okay movie. It has some tongue-in-cheek humor, plenty of drama, and an almost non-existent thriller aspect. It tells the story of an angry mother, frustrated with the local police of not seeing justice served. What's typical of this movie is the same with much of anything that gets made into a movie or television these days, which is the underlying message of misandry.The ex-husband is always an abusive asshole, the local, all-male, police are clueless, alcoholic, racist buffoons, and a red herring type of man from out of town is some evil, twisted guy that may be preying on innocent girls. We don't gte proof, but who needs proof in this current climate. Just listen, believe, and never verify. To top it off, there was a misandrist gem said by the lead character, Mildred: "If it was me, I'd start up a database. Every male baby what's born, stick them on it, and as soon as he done something wrong, cross-reference it, make 100% certain it was a correct match, then kill him." The message is always assume the worst of men, while women can do no wrong.

Really enjoyed this, it has everything, and all done well. It was refreshing to have characters who are new, not knowing if they were usual predictable sorts. There's drama, pathos and some really good comic moments. The cast are all brilliant, some great cameos from the lesser known. Of all the recent films I'd say this is the one to watch.

Postmodernism at its worse; trying to take a 'neutral' view and describe things like rape, murder, racism, violence, authority and anti-authority, in a way that doesn't contain any ethical judgement; in the end, it stands for nothing. given the current political emptiness this film will certainly take some oscars.

This film is a nonsense and a waste of time. Please do not watch and do not let anybody to watch. If that is possible travel back in time and ignore it.

This movie had some funny parts and the story was intriguing, but nothing irritates me more than when a movie doesn't end. It just cuts off and doesn't complete the story. I screamed "What?!" at the television when the credits rolled. It seems more and more movies are doing this and it's just frustrating. I'll leave the thorough reviews to the professionals, but I needed to warn anybody else who enjoy movies that actually finish the story.

Superb script, direction, performances, music, editing, cinematography. Did I miss anything? Of course, but you get my drift.Everything comes together superbly, under writer/director's Martin McDonagh's assured hands. The mix of hilarious dark comedy, pathos and adventurous story for adults is a welcome change to the usual banal teen-centric films Hollywood produces all too often.Just go watch it, wallow in it and let it work its magic.

After hearing a lot of praise and having been fond of the cast, I thought this would be a slam dunk for me, but I left disappointed. I will keep this review concise and sweet.The acting is above average and the main players especially have solid roles that they make the most of. Unfortunately,one of the main problems to me was the sheer loathsomeness of every character, McDormand's included. I'm all for dark comedies, gritty film making and art that explores the dark side of life, but the interactions that the characters have in this film are downright unpleasant. One scene after another. There is also a heavy racist undertone in the film, as well as stereotypes of southern life, crooked cops and racist hillbillies. The few black characters in the movie are portrayed as straight laced and well adjusted, at times saviors, while the crazy deranged white folks engage in all kinds of derelict behavior. 6/10

SPOILERS!I hated this shockingly racist, illogical, trashy film! I am stunned that it is not being called out for the racism (hidden behind the mask of alleged liberal good-deed-doing) and violence that it condones! I have never seen a film make so many attempts at virtue signaling while at the same time exhibiting racism all over the place. Frances McDormand alleges about some torturing of "innocent black folks" and yet that storyline is never explored. Sam Rockwell (so awful in this I need to invent a new word to describe the failure) plays a racist cop but we never actually SEE any racism - there is only innuendo and excessive, unfunny use of the "n" word. Racism, if you're going to explore it intelligently with an audience, needs more than mean words and one scene where a "racist cop" get annoyed with and threatens to take in a young hipster black man for spitting in the cops direction. Sadly, that's the best example of something mildly racist actually happening in the film besides cheap talk - and it's WEAK - because frankly the cop, dumb as he is, actually has a point in that spitting towards a cop is an act of aggression - the cop didn't arrest him, he just reminded the young man that he's walking a fine line. Every black character (all in minor roles) portrayed seems to have stepped off the train from Williamsburg or Wicker Park. They are ALL hipster types with nothing of value to contribute besides cheap talk. The black people in this movie exist only to make the fake liberals look good for having "black friends" somewhere in the background. WHICH BEGS THE QUESTION - WHY is Frances McDormand the star of this film? Why not ANGELA BASSETT? Instead of casting a white actress why didn't the filmmakers decide to make this story about a Midwestern black woman who's daughter's rape and murder was ignored by the cops? That would at least be a more believable attempt to explore these themes - rather than FILTER THAT MESSAGE through a white woman. Hollywood is racist and they almost always think white liberals need to save black people. Is it about racism, or justice for the dead daughter? Neither, ultimately. As for her dead daughter, she's abandoned by the storytellers so...WHO CARES? The violence is stupid and LOOKS FAKE! Example: that dumb kitchen scene with the boy and his dad and the knife! Embarrassingly executed - almost as embarrassing as that REALLY bad CGI DEER that is just a knockoff scene from a superior scene from THE QUEEN. ALSO --the message of anger begets anger, etc being explained to us directly from a character is cheap writing and disingenuous. There is no good message here. Also, why the making fun of the midget? Gee - that hasn't been done thousands of times! Stupid. Not funny and NOT edgy. BASIC PLOT FAILS! #1. They introduce a man who "MAY" be the killer Frances is kinda searching for (more time is spent kicking high school kids in the shin - by the way, why did those kids just STAND there and let her keep kicking them? Not a very realistic reaction. They would have RUN AWAY!) He MAY be the killer - and then we learn he definitely is not? And why give us this whole story about him being somewhere "SANDY" in the war? So he's a rapist soldier now instead? So WHY show him CONFESS to Frances earlier? STUPID!#2. THE BILLBOARDS DON'T WORK! We see NO ONE drive past them EVER except for Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell and Woody. As for the news broadcast, that was again cheap writing. It doesn't show us how people react to anything related to the billboards. Woody's cancer is a cheap diversion from the fact that the billboards have no affect. By tying his cancer so directly to the plot with the billboard's "alleged fiasco" they deny the opportunity for the audience to see the townsfolk real reaction to the CONTENT of the billboards - and instead they react to Frances being mean to a dying man. This defeats the point of the billboards in terms of storytelling, so it's hard to see any real reason why or how these billboards EVER stir the pot, but the filmmakers pretend that magically they do! # 3. When a hipster gets thrown out the window by Sam Rockwell - the new police chief sees this - and, uh, DOES NOT ARREST HIM! So, not only do the filmmakers know nothing about police, what is legal or illegal, but they have never watched a single episode of LAW AND ORDER or even JUDGE JUDY. Speaking of reactions - no one in this film has a realistic reaction to anything that happens ever. Sam Rockwell goes from nearly murdering someone, to acting goofy after getting fired, all in the same breath! It's stupid beyond belief. Then we're supposed to believe that during THE FIRE, just SECONDS AFTER reading Woody's moralistic letter (another cheap devise overused throughout), he has an instantaneous change of heart/moral epiphany and thinks immediately of saving the BURNING CASE FILE ON HIS DESK to help Frances McDormand? I could go on for hours about how awful every second of this film is...save yourselves the time. Watch "IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT" or "MISSISSIPPI BURNING". This movie is so awful it does not even deserve to be criticized. The only reason I am is because it has gotten rave reviews from critics DESPERATELY searching for a zeitgeist film of the moment, but who haven't found a good one yet so they are propping this one up! WHY? Because it checks off all the correct virtue signaling requirements of the times. Critical thinking while viewing this film will reveal a false justification for violence, bigotry towards dwarfs and country people, and inherently racist storytelling.

I now understand why this movie is winning a crap ton of awards and nominated for so many Oscars. The acting was outstanding all around, especially from Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. Story was well written and directed. Even had some nice comic relief throughout.
Disclaimer: This Movie is not for the faint of heart. It has some serious dark tones and lots of foul language.

This film checks all the PC/social justice boxes within the first 20 minutes. Rural law enforcement is mocked and berated, white males are portrayed as corrupt, incompetent and racist/sexist. We are informed that one deputy tortures young blacks and homosexuals.In American cinema today, its almost as if there were some sort of PC censorship committee that puts its stamp of approval on all material. This is now THE criteria for winning Academy Awards. If this pattern only happened in one or two films, it might be overlooked. Its in every single serious film produced these days.When you get past all the propaganda, you are left with a pathetic ripoff of a Coen Brothers film. Plot holes and unbelievable coincidence reveal poor, uninspired screen writing. This is a that film that relies way too much on the performances of its cast carry it over the considerable rough patches. Its a strong cast, aside from Woody Harrelson, who has been in TOO many films, such that we're not sure whether he's playing himself or an actual unique person.
This is yet another film that reveals the corruption of our film industry by those with political agendas. The state of film critique is also clearly corrupt when this sort of material is rewarded with Oscars. Shameful

Warning. This review contains plenty of spoilers but I don't think this movie is worth watching.I ended up really disappointed with the movie. This is basically a crazy art house movie that they give away as a drama. And you won't find it out until the very end. Every character in this movie is flawed or corrupted in one way or another. The chief of police got cancer, Dixon is a racist violent policeman and stupid mama's boy, and yeah his mother is a stupid heavy drunk, Mildred's ex-husband dates some, you can guess, mentally challenged 18-year-old girl, there is a midget who wants to date Mildred. This is the language of the movie, "fat dentist and a woman with a funny eye". And yeah the victim was set on fire and was raped while dying. And yeah there is a suspect who commited the same crime, but who appeared to have done that somewhere in Iraq. In the end Dixon also got burnt to look even uglier. So this is basically some art house movie material, they take all the dirt existing, they create and bring even more dirt, but they wrap it up in some good-looking quality drama package. God damn. But the worst part is the ending. Basically, the idea of the movie is that we live in a stupid violent world, there is no redemption, there is no justice, there is no afterlife. All the people are stupid and flawed, all social institutions are corrupted. But Mildred tried to bring some justice by putting these 3 damn billboards. However, they corrupt and perverse her in the end as well. Cause she is going to kill that rapist, "not her rapist" but still definitely a rapist. And there will be little drama even in that. She and Dixon are not really sure if they wanna do that but they will find out as it goes. Wait, what? What is this movie about again then? They bring the idea that "anger begets even greater anger", chief of polce Willoughby asks Dixon to be kinder and all they gonna do in the end is killing some rapist? Cause people are innately not capable of some more "productive" behavior?In the end there is no reason to watch this movie. It's a quality film and producing but that's all there is to it. They take A VERY SENSITIVE MATERIAL but only to PLAY AND FOOL AROUND WITH IT. They produce cycle of violence and idiocracy but with no real purpose. And they give it away as some drama. They abuse viewer's trust and waste viewer's time. It's really sad that they manage to confuse everything and everybody so much that this pile of trash of a movie got so many positive reviews and we are entertained with such macabre nonsense.

I don't get the praise being heaped upon this film at all. Yes, Frances McDormand is great. Yes, Woody Harrelson is great. But, overall this film came across as a bit of a mess. It seemed like the script was written in one sitting by three guys drinking beer:"I know, let's make the woman firebomb the police station! That'll be great!" 
"Let's throw in one scene of the daughter just so people know she was pretty."
"We'll add a clever twist so people think this nutcase is the killer, but, wait for it.......HE'S NOT."While the film strives for realism in most everything, it destroys that by the insane actions of just about everyone around. A cop thrashes an innocent man in front of the whole town. A grieving mother firebombs a police station. Abandoned billboards on a barely used section of road cost $5,000 per month?The Academy can throw all of the awards they want at this thing, but I think Woody Harrelson did the right thing. He blew his brains out just before this film got really stupid.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, should be a good movie, but the fact that the characters are too cartoonish and consequently these same characters become too unrealistic to be taken seriously. Of course Frances McDormand, did a good job as a violent mother. But Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson just did a nice job. Martin McDonagh is trying to impress the audience with fierce mannerisms, showing violence only by showing, and as a result he is trying to impress the male audience (audience is only interested in violence, instead of seeing a good story). In other words, the director was more interesting to create a movie full of violence, instead of creating a real drama with real characters and real and interesting conflicts, and an interesting film to see.
So, in the end, this movie is your typical movie to please a certain group, in this case police haters (that is to say), many movies are in the top of the IMDb, only because in the same movies there are scenes in which the characters can deceive the police or there are scenes in which a large number of policemen are killed - the scene of the mother setting fire to the police station, in this film will be a future classic, in the minds of many people, mark my words.We are not going to fool ourselves, a large number of the population hate the police and rightly so, many policemen abuse their position. But traumatized idiots, instead of getting over the traumas, they come here to give big scores to films like these, just to satisfy the vengeful wishes they have against the police.If this is not enough, director Martin McDonagh only puts scenes of violence just to generate more violence, and with that these scenes become unnecessary violence scenes, scenes of the dentist and the mother hitting teenagers in the genital organs. A police officer throws a citizen from the window of a building, the police chief sees this and only fires him. Seriously.What's the point of director Martin McDonagh? To prove that anger generates more anger, or violence generates more violence. At least he could put it in a more discreet way without the need for violent scenes. The effect he made was the opposite, because scenes of gratuitous violence only generate more violence in the streets. Amateur.Even, the humor element becomes too obvious that borders the ridiculous, the scene in which a police officer, talks to the violent mother after the accident at the dentist. The scenes of black comedy border on the stupid and tasteless aspect and completely misplaced. The midget scene is completely misplaced too and overly obvious (putting a black comedy scene between before a dramatic scene, really!!). And of course, the annoying monologue of Frances McDormand's character with the deer, about reincarnation. Predictable and too obvious. Or dog-shaped slippers scene is obviously, also annoying to see.
Not to mention that the movie script is full of ridiculous situations, bordering on the absurd. The mother in principle hates the police, because (stupid reason) is taking too long to find the culprit of rape and death of the daughter, then the mother becomes friends with a police officer, after she has seen that the same police officer (the same idiot, who throws a citizen from the window) risked his live to go get the paper process of the daughter in the back of the police station that was burning (fire put by the mother herself). Stupid and juvenile.This is the typical movie that ends where it started. In the end, the culprit of the crime was not caught, the mother is still violent (the mother was always violent, just see in the flashbacks, the discussions she had with her daughter) and she embarks on a journey to go hunting down a "supposed" rapist, with the police officer than threw the man out the window. Idiot, I know.
I only give 2 stars, for the good performance of Frances McDormand, because she convinces me as a violent mother.

I went to this movie expecting good things after it won several awards and was so highly praised. Frances McDormand succeeds in making a woman whose daughter was raped and murdered be completely unsympathetic. I have seen a few plays written by Martin McDonagh so I know he can be dark but come on..........do people in the movie business really think everyone in flyover country is a rube, hayseed, racist, wife beater? Do teenage boys regularly call their mother "cunt" to her face? On what planet do these people live? I have a suggestion for Hollywood film-makers who want to show how sophisticated and edgy they are. Make a movie about Harvey Weinstein and all his Hollywood cohorts who turned a blind eye to his antics.

I was stuck on a long plane flight and this was one of the only movies to watch that wasn't Bollywood or kids animation. It was truly bad. It's billed as a comedy but I didn't see any humor in it. The storyline was chaotic and grim, the characters crude and unsympathetic. I couldn't have cared what happened in it. Thing is, I like intellectual movies. I don't mind being baffled. I even like "Last Year in Marienbad" Oh well. One good thing, I was so bored that I fell asleep, and usually I can never sleep on a plane. So in a way it's an ideal plane movie.

If you are making a movie about an unsolved murder, you don't need to add any "topical" narrative that white guys harass black people. You don't need to hammer in how bad someone is with the false narrative currently trending, i.e. that cops are racist and like to torture and hunt black people. Just the same old stereotype of "southern" cops being bad cops.There were just so many things that I wasn't buying, i.e. wasn't believable. The constant harassment of Sam Rockwell of Caleb Landry Jones, like in the middle of the street, or in the bar. Just didn't buy it would ever happen.Like the priest scene. Never would happen. Only in fantasy writing land.Like the dentist was gonna use torturous methods against Frances. None of this would EVER happen. Just made no sense and poorly written.This movie was one not believable scene after the other. For example, the Police chief coughing up blood and spitting it in Frances' face. Never would have happened.Writers: STOP WRITING DIALOGUE AND SCENARIOS that never would happen.The one scene that actually felt real, was the daughter scene needing the car and they started arguing about it. But to go to another scene that would NEVER happen. Ex-husband throws over the table and tries to strangle Frances, then the son takes a knife to ex, and then the new girl (way too young) makes a "comedic" entrance and reacts totally in a way no one would ever react.Unfortunately, it was soooo painful to watch, but I guess with so many worse movies out, the below mediocre films get a lot of praise.

First off I am not a snob and I am not a goody two-shoes however in this movie if you like the f word and the c word and you're willing to put up with those words in almost every paragraph of dialogue then you may enjoy this movie more than I did. However after 30 minutes of watching this movie in the theater I got up and walked out because all I could do is sit there and anticipate when the next f word or c word would come into play. I have a lot of respect for these actors and I was anticipating much more from them. I think this movie would have been okay even as a PG-13 it would have drawn just as many people without the nasty rotten dialogue and the vulgar profanity. I personally don't know anybody in real life that speaks the way that these characters spoke within this movie to each other within their family etcetera just doesn't make any sense. I don't know why movies these days have to have that kind of vulgarity within the movie to make it a good movie doesn't make any sense to me even the PG-13 movies nowadays have at least one f word many of them why I don't know doesn't make the movie better. I do not recommend this movie to anybody pass on it.

Boring and slow but I watched it in its entirety in the same way one morbidly looks at a bad highway accident because the movie is enlightening as to how low functioning, ignorant and racist Hollywood perceives the average person (you & me) to be. The police are portrayed as stupid to the point of mental retardation, openly committing violent & utterly pointless felonies in front of countless witnesses. They are inexplicably not held accountable for their actions. Likewise, when our almost equally ignorant hero firebombs a police station, the entire community knows she did it, and yet nothing comes from it. Such a crime would be an international news story that would mandate a major FBI investigation. The point is, this movie is completely detached from reality in every regard. Real people don't think or talk this way. People don't act this way. Reality dictates that there are unavoidable consequences for bad choices that don't apply in the fantasy world of this movie. Although this movie is not unique in this regard, I don't know that I have ever seen one so overtly contemptuous of common people. Ironic given the lack of education and real world experience that most of these Hollywood elitists actually have. Here is a tip for Hollywood on how to make real art instead of this garbage masquerading as art: in reality, the differences between the average person and the smug elites is negligible. A few bad choices for those without a safety net can create a life trajectory very difficult to recover from. Enough with the smug disrespect for customer base.

Disappointed. After seeing an 8.5 star rating I was so excited to see this movie.....and I wanted to see it quickly before I heard or read too many spoilers. In my opinion, ratings that high are reserved for movies like Forrest Gump, Titanic, Shawshank and Good Fellas so I really went into this with high expectations. This movie did proceed along quickly with enough twists and humor to keep you interested but it is so far fetched that it becomes stupid. The police are portrayed like characters from The Dukes of Hazzard so you just roll your eyes every time they talk. Then they get away with criminal acts with no recourse much like detectives in Lethal Weapon. Shoot your gun, kill people, break the law.....do what you want, after all, you're the police....right? This is truly a 4 star movie. You may not hate watching it but it is in no way a must see. As mentioned in many reviews the acting by Frances and Woody is very, very good and you can't help but love the resolve of the main character who is willing to stand up for what she is trying to accomplish as well as the pain Woody is going through in his life. But again, you just can't ignore the foolish scenes that occur. Ever seen a western where a guy shoots his gun 45 times without reloading? Or better yet a movie where the hero shoots 6 times and kills 6 bad guys all who had automatic weapons and were firing back at him.....Need a fire extinguisher?....Her's a 50 gallon one in the front seat of my car. It's those kind of occurrences that happen throughout the movie that make you say "oh come on" about 7-8 times throughout the movie. The most unfortunate thing about this movie is that those scenes were not necessary. It had enough going for it that a more realistic approach could have bumped this up to a much higher rating.

12/3/17. I got a free ticket to see this but I wasn't sure if I would like it. That's because in recent years McDormand has been playing the bitter older woman,unhappy with life. However, she was a surprise in this. Though she continued in the vein of the unhappy older woman she is somewhat subdued in her anger over the stalled investigation into her teen daughter's death. However, she has enough anger to launch a publicity campaign against the police department, in particular, the police chief who has his own health issues to deal with. The film is basically a slice of life of small town USA and does not paint a very pretty picture of small town living. Worth catching.

I wanted to see this film for several reasons; A) Not another Marvel superhero film, B) I love Sam Rockwell & Woody Harrelson & C) because of the Oscar nods it was getting.
I won't lie, it had a story line that I thought would have a few twists throughout and I found myself saying, it was him or he knows who its and is protecting them. I was wrong. Even when Dixon (Sam Rockwell) obtained the DNA from the man in the bar I thought there would be some kind of conclusion from that. Again, I was wrong.
Other reviews have stated how did Dixon get away with beating up the advertising guy or how did Mildred get to throw fire bombs at the police station and get away with it because a midget who fancied her said she was with him (This character had nothing else to do with the film and was not really given any role in the film other than to be mocked in the restaurant scene). Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) shoots himself and leaves letters that don't really serve any purpose to the film and his wife (Abbie Cornish) is so wooden and was that supposed to be an american accent as her native Australian came shining through.The ending showed two people who no-one but a sociopath could relate to going off to possibly kill someone who had committed no crime. I have to confess I did zone out for about 15 minutes but I doubt I missed anything note worthy to the sub standard plot. I'm at loss as to why it was labelled a dark comedy - I couldn't find anything remotely funny in this film. If you want a lesson in black comedy watch 'An American Werewolf in London'.
I was disappointed with everything the film offered - and it wasn't even filmed in Missouri.
Not worthy of an Oscar and not really worth the bother. Watch I,Tonya instead.

"Anger begets greater anger." says Penelope (Samara Weaving), Mildred's (Frances McDormand) ex-husband's totally non stereotypical nineteen year old new girlfriend, who delivers the film's theme in what is supposed to be another comedic moment where we are all supposed to laugh at this beautiful but shallow girl's attempt at sounding smart, and yet, it falls flat, like the vast majority of both dramatic and comedic moments.I just want to clarify before going any further that In Bruges, Martin McDonagh's directorial debut, is one of my absolute favorite films. One that navigates comedy and drama perfectly, brilliantly written and acted, I could go on for days on how perfect In Bruges is, in my humble opinion.Sadly, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri fails miserably where In Bruges succeeded. It constantly tries to navigate the difficult line between dark comedy and drama, and mostly, it falls flat on its head.The thematic thread may be to blame here. Without spoiling the plot, the setup is simple: Frances McDormand wants some form of justice for her daughter's brutal murder. She gets the local police department's attention by setting up three billboards complaining about their inability to solve the case. But her action only generates more conflict in town and while it does draw attention to her daughter's case, it leads to increasing tension between her and pretty much everyone else around her. Her anger literally begets more anger and, ultimately, solves nothing.This is a surprisingly simple moralistic viewpoint coming from the man whose first film was so morally complex and ambiguous and it results in the creation of equally shallow characters and a plot that desperately tries to make sense of its many pointless turns.To be fair, McDonagh attempts to humanize its more prominent characters: Mildred (McDormand), in spite of being a tough and wooden most of the time, shows deep vulnerability in an unfortunately insufferably cheesy monologue she gives to a deer. Meanwhile, Dixon (Sam Rockwell), the "black torturer," displays humanity later in the movie and tries really hard to find redemption when he is shown the way.Unfortunately those attempts are so sudden and awkward or poorly executed that they lack believability and feel like they were artificially implemented to make these characters seem deeper than they really are.Throughout the film, it feels like the filmmaker is more interested in hammering his simplistic viewpoint and using small town America as a perfect setting for it - even though it never feels like he has actually ever spent time there - than to craft a story with a coherent through line and inhabited by humane, relatable characters.There was so much talent involved in the making of this film - and in spite of everything, Sam Rockwell delivers a stellar performance - that it is truly frustrating that the end result be so mediocre. Hopefully, McDonagh will course correct on his next film.

To suggest Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, is contrived is to ignore that the entire town is contrived. In fact, Ebbing, Missouri, does not exist, I know, because I looked for it on Google Maps, and if Google does not know where something is, it simply does not exist.It's no secret that Frances McDormand is quietly powerful and a top- notch performer. Sam Rockwell does his thing in a role that requires less, and Woody Harrelson offers us a rare moment: we almost forget he's Woody Harrelson, even if for a moment, despite his clangy drawl and lack of hair.I venture to guess this movie is about finding quiet power in a world where extroverts dominate. Being a woman, being a dwarf, being black, being poor, being sick, or possibly being gay, these are aspects we are told should be quiet, while others can be loud and yell and get what they want, because the early bird gets the worm, the squeaky wheel gets the grease, and hard work leads to promotions and a better life because Good Life Choices.Rectangular billboards are flat circles, time is a fleeting concept, and some problems cannot be solved now or ever, despite what we want or what we need.Buy some ad space and speak your minds!

"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is a great crime movie in an environment of grief, anger, remorse, racism, violence, sympathy and a sophisticated black-humor. The performances are top-notch and it is hard to point out only one or two names in the cast, indeed a constellation of stars. Maybe the performances of Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell may be highlighted since they are the lead. Unfortunatelly the deceptive ending without a conclusion throws cold water in this film. The redemption of Dixon finding the rapist killer would have given some hope to the story. But the author decided to keep a dark ending without conclusion. Claude Chabrol was a master in mystery films with open end; however his conclusion were subtle and ambiguous, giving the chance to the audience to discuss possibilities based on his or her interpretation of the storyline. But the conclusion of "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is indeed a cliffhanger usually used in TV series or films written for franchise or at least a sequence. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Três Anúncios Para um Crime" ("Three Billboards for a Crime")

Just finished watching this film, almost didn't make it to the end, but when I finally did I was sorely disappointed. I signed up to IMDB just to write this review.
Some reviews say the dialogue is sharp, the characters are great, etc, but the dialogue is just full of anger and sorrow, as are the characters. It's depressing, it's certainly not a comedy, I did not laugh once. The plot has holes in it, and the ending is not worth the 2 hours that came before it.
What it does portray well, and the reason I have given it any stars at all, is how it highlights just how dangerous small-minded people are to society. Avoid.

In the trailer for this Frances McDormand comes off as a bawdy force of nature and I was eager to see the story in which her character lived. It began with an intriguing premise, but soon enough devolved into a shoddy bag of easy cliches and trite caricatures. While McDormand is mostly great, the material did not remain worthy of her talent. The cops are racists, black people are oppressed, little people are demeaned, innocent people are beaten without consequence and another is arrested and jailed for two joints - in 2017, while arson and wife beating are winked at by seemingly oblivious yokels. All of this is seemingly in service to director McDonagh's seeming belief that small-town America is most clearly defined by its defects and those defects are rampant pathologies. If that's true, he doesn't prove it with glib mockery and snide derision masked as social commentary. Add in the plot holes big enough to erect a billboard in and the whole thing crumbles into an exercise in snark.

This is one of those films where the trailers are better than the film. This film had so much potential that was squandered so pointlessly. Everything from the seemingly forced dialogue to the completely absurd ending really pulled this film down. However, its not all blue Mondays. The acting was good. The directing was good. The cinematography was good. But, the film lacked purpose. We have the motivation for the protagonist, but, it doesn't go anywhere. And then, for some inexplicable reason, the protagonist and the antagonist get together and join forces at the end to go off on some road trip and exact some revenge for the death of the mother's daughter. This is definitely one of those films the critics got terribly wrong. This film is not worth the 8+ rating nor are the critics right about this one. Save your time and money. This will be 2 hours of your life that you will not get back.

I only give 10s to films I watch over and over and over. This would come close though: characters with actual depth, personal problems, nasty quirks but somehow managing to be sympathetic. This could have so easily been turned, in other hands, into a standard, tear-jerking melodrama ... but because of great acting, and the decision to have everyone speaking dialogue that resembles what people think but never say, it turns into a roller coaster of black humor, pain, anger, misunderstanding, and love ... and in so doing defining a form of truth. It does deserve awards in many categories, but surely for the script.

Blatant, disgusting anti-cop crap; makes police look like a bunch a foul-mouthed, gutless, cowards, who let the public curse and spit at them at will without repercussions. Leading actress may have been the most unsympathetic character in movie history, someone audience roots against, from start to finish. Supposedly takes place in Missouri, but I can't imagine the actual natives using the "F" word as frequently in a single year, then these actors do in a minute. Movie was trash, a watse of ninety minutes, and $5.99.

This movie gets an extra star for the really top-notch acting and the cinematography, both of which really stuck out for me. However, as I say in the title, you can't make a good movie out of a bad script. This story just confounds me and it feels really amateurish, most things seem to happen for no reason. Though the first 20 minutes seemed to be going well, things really quickly broke down. Frances McDromand's character seemed to have a good point at first but that quickly degraded into her basically being the crazy woman who set fire to the police station, on top of everything else, her being downright mean to Woody Harrelson's character by the end of it, given the events of the movie. And the oddest thing, the only person with character development, Sam Rockwell, was a racist cop, and his character development has nothing to do with his racism! It's just weird choices like that which might have been corrected in another rewrite on the script, but this, as whole just feels schlock-y.

The other negative reviews cite this movie of a Coen Bros. ripoff. I'm not ready to be that harsh, but there is certainly an element of a cloning attempt here. The big problem is it tries to hard to be quirky, offbeat and irreverent, but at the same time attempts to wedge some pathos in here and there to balance it out. It just... fails. One problem is-- and curse me for saying this-- the movie is too short. It's as if there was a time limit on character development-- make a few comments and now it's up to you to see the big picture. Call a man a racist, and you're given the job of applying this assumption to everything a character does stems from this. Give a man cancer, and now you're job is to apply sympathy to his actions. An extra half hour would give both the director and the audience room to come to a better understanding of what lurks beneath, what drives the character's behavior. I'm trying to avoid a spoiler, but the last conversation Mildred has with her daughter is a perfect summation of what is really lacking in this movie. If you see it-- which I'm not saying you shouldn't-- you'll know exactly what I mean. I'd wait for the post-theater release.

The overwhelmingly positive reviews of this movie, as of today, are more of a comedy than the movie itself. Nobody laughed once during the movie.A number of the plot twists are implausible, thus a comedy I imagine. The only reason to watch the entire movie would be an appreciation of propaganda.I think that this movie raises issues, that anyone will react to, in a totally meaningless way other than as a pretext for acting out what basically amounts to one political push after another.I can see where this movie might have appeal as a call to arms for those looking for a cause.

When I heard buzz about this film, I wondered how a British man could convincingly write a film about a controversy in small-town Missouri. Turns out he can't.The dialogue and situations were so unrealistic from the start that I couldn't help picking the whole thing apart in my head as it went along. By the end I thought it was a massively idiotic piece of tripe. Not even Frances McDormand could save it. If you need an alternate suggestion for a movie to scratch your Oscar itch, see Phantom Thread.

Honestly I have never been so confused watching a movie before, after all the praise it got I was expecting great things but the film is just a really bad attempt at making artsy dark comedy but it fails so horribly as every inch of it feels forced and overall it is tonally dreadful. I guess maybe people where just bored with what has been pumped out of hollywood recently if this is what is on offer as a 8+ rating movie, honestly I would rather force myself to watch an Adam Sandler marathon... including his later movies, that rewatch this again.

Most overrated film of 2017, Started off alright but story went all over the place and the ending was terrible. I don't understand how it has such great reviews but 2017 was pretty sad for new movies. It wasn't the worst movie I ever seen it had potential but terrible directing and writing.

If "Three Billboards" were to say something meaningful they would have have been inscribed with kudos for stellar and dynamic acting performance of Sam Rockwell. I am looking forward to seeing Rockwell in films to come. Why give this movie a rating of 1? That is simple;The film leverages a pulp-fiction-formula now used ubiquitously in contemporary serial TV dramas. Each TV episode, or in this case each scene of the movie, has been written to either titillate, shock, or entertain.Stringing a random bunch of contrived story elements together does not a believable story or good movie make. A big difference in depth exists between "Fargo" and "Three Billboards." "Fargo" had a concise story and plot line. "Three Billboards," has a formula mistaken for the same. Sam Rockwell (1) - Movie (0)

One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Waaay too many cuss words & the story line was all over the place. I want to be entertained not work trying to figure out where two hours went!

Saw this due to the reviews and award nominations. Strong acting and a few good lines just doesn't save the movie. Keep waiting for the acclaimed dark comedy mentioned in many reviews, but mean spirited remarks don't always count as comedy. So many better movies out currently.

The whole way through I realized that this film isn't full of racist characters, the film is just racist. The way the man that was pasting up the billboards spoke to the cop who "tortured people of color" (what was that scene all about BTW?) - was completely tone deaf to how Black people have to interact with the police, especially overtly racist ones! It just seemed a masturbatory way for the writer/director to create a false reality where he can exercise his white-guilt about cops torturing Black people. That same character comes up later with the replacement billboards like some magical hero who was "always on the right side" (because Black people hate cops I guess?) that only exists to be a servant to Mildred. Her friend in the store, Denise, is only there as a tool for the audience/Mildred to be angry at the cops but has absolutely no depth herself. And the new Chief is, again, only an extension of the writer's enormous White guilt. For such a racist White town, that doesn't seemed to be bothered about a cop that tortures Black people, it seems that no one is bothered by a new Black Chief - who has come to no protest by the people and conveniently fixes racism within the police force by firing the one racist. (Woody Harrelson's line about if you fired every racist cop you'd just have three that hated fags is an insane apologist stance too.) In fact, this new chief is such a "good guy," (I hate to say it because it's so gross, but what a classic example of an Uncle Tom) that he forgives and overlooks Mildred who blew up a police station and attempted to murder someone. These character's Blackness only exists to serve Mildred, it's flimsy and exploitative. Also, that monologue about the Catholic church is nauseating - she defends a racist law created to throw as many Black people in prison as possible and relates it to child molestation in the church (also, throws in homosexuality as an equivalent to pedophilia) which is supposed to be a "you-go-girl" moment but ultimately you can't side with her because the priest is the only character in the film that was there for the son. I read a quote from the writer/director that Mildred is an antihero which may explain that last scene but... what the f***? Your protagonist is a woman demanding that the police find the man that raped and murdered her daughter and decided that she is going to be an antihero???? She's not liked by the town for being zealous and she's not liked by the audience for everything else... It takes sharp turns from comedy to drama, cutting both aspects short at the wrong times with none of the humor in the antihero aspect - it's an excuse to have a woman in a revenge role to say that it's a film with a woman in a revenge role... taking notes from the Coen Brothers, Tarantino, Ritchie, and Twin Peaks but missing all of those marks by miles. Not a single female character, not one, had any depth. The ex-husband's new girlfriend for one, was a cartoon based on women being complete morons. Almost all the characters had some sense of being real people but then they throw in a character as comedic relief and the joke is "women are horrendously stupid." Even Mildred is a one note story, she's an angry, bitter mother. Her character arch was completely neutered to fulfill the character arch of the antagonist, a racist who read a letter and is all better now. The second half of the film is just a way to apologize for officer Dixon's wrong-doings - some White male guilt fantasy that he can be redeemed of all of his sins if you just gave the poor guy a chance. That's who the story serves in the end, it IS NOT ABOUT a grieving mother that wants answers, it's not about a child getting raped and murdered, those are just points added in to ultimately give redemption to the wrong doings of white men in power and absolve the writer/director of whatever sins of his own I'm sure he's working through in this film. I even read a quote that he was happy this film was being released among the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment wave as this film is a place for that anger... wow. Also... The Dwarf character was just used as the butt of what felt like 100 jokes and his redemption is some after school special line about "you judge me for looking different, but look at you" - that character is an adult, why is he consistently trying to date Mildred and cover for her? (hint: to make the audience feel better about laughing at endless midget jokes when he gets the final word.) Then the rapist who murdered someone in some "Sandy country" (-_-) is drawn as simple as some of the women in this film. I guess the writer/director is claiming that - it's not war that brings out the worst in people - some people rape and kill and brag about it to their buddies over a drink with no signs of PTSD, shame, guilt. PTSD would not justify rape and murder, but it is an extension of "people can do good if they just changed their minds" that we saw with Officer Dixon. (Maybe there will be a sequel where the rapist says he's sorry and spends the rest of the film teaching Black kids how to play basketball. Seems like a fit continuation for this confused film.) Too many false endings too with no real good conclusion other than, again, to serve as a nice pillow for the redemption of officer Dixon to rest on. Would've been better if the climax was the Chief's suicide and the resolution was that he gave the money to Mildred.

First have to give this film some credit. Especially Frances McDormand as leading actress. As a general story maybe it wasn't bad for this American moment. But gotta stop there. As someone who grew up in Missouri, Ugh. Hard to swallow. Full of grotesque sterotypes and gratuitous violence. I couldn't figure out why it didn't feel at all like Missouri to me. Then saw that they filmed it in North Carolina near Asheville! Just gave everyone southern accents and affects, not necessarily Missouri accents, made every man but the advertiser a violent jerk. Everyone says fuck every third word. Not quite like the Missouri I know full of walmarts and fallen buildings and churches (NOT catholic). It is a billboard itself, one of east and west coast projections of the midwest. The mother of Oliver had some authenticity, but the "people of color" were completely and utterly urban and out of place. There are no restaurants with white tablecloths and wine in my town or anywhere near. What I guess bothers me about it is that there are so, so many projections on the American midwest now that no one really cares to go and see...you know what is really there. Even if they make a movie about the place they don't go three states away to film it there?! And that just doesn't feel right. Where is the picture of that very active grief? Ok, so I guess it fell a bit short as a cultural piece for me in sum.Oh wait, and the chief of police's wife has an English accent? Really?

This film is just horrible. We have a woman who is hateful. We are supposed to feel sympathy because her daughter was killed - but how can you? She is foul mouthed, treats her children terribly, makes wild accusations, belittles the town priest (very unnecessary), tortures the town dentist (and it is okay to physically harm someone because you are grieving?), kicks two kids in the groin in front of the high school (so child abuse is okay also if you are an uneducated foul mouth?), and it goes on and on. This movie basically says that if something bad happens to you that you have the right to urinate on the rest of the world with no consequences.Then we have to make the two dimensional cop who is racist and foul just to further create our movie of a "hate culture" and promote more hatred.The movie had one redeeming quality - Woody Harrelson. His character even explains that there is no DNA, no witnesses, no leads - which we know in reality makes a case hard to solve - but instead we have a horrible lead who does not care - does not care who's life she ruins, who she hurts, just as long as her hatred is fueled. This is the garbage that helps to set the immoral, vile, foul, hateful culture that permeates society. Another big thank you to a soulless movie industry that loves to corrupt the youth.

As much as I like Frances McDormand and Woody Harrelson, and the seemingly good intentions of this film, it is a mess of half-expressed ideas amid a mish-mash of politically correct logic and mores. McDormand's character, Marge, is a toxic robot of intolerance and simplistic vigilante justice attitude. The police are drawn as cartoonish bigots and creeps as though Black Lives Matter had written this script, and the story itself has no real structure, arc, or conclusion. It's not a comedy at all, and the basic morality of the story is a complete default to By Any Means Necessary and so forth. That this film should have just won Best Picture at the Golden Globes is a sad reflection on the academy.

It's like the morons who gave this movie a good review have never seen a quirky small town movie before. The scope of your cinema experience explains the gushing that is involved in this absolute mess of a movie. Is it a comedy, dark comedy, drama. This Martin McDonagh guy doesn't know. It's everything. First off Frances McDormand is at her weakest ever. Her performance, isn't a performance because she was born to play this. Anyone remember "Olive Kitteridge"? No? Then you are the idiots who need to watch more movies, because this one is in the basement compared to others in its ilk.Let's recap this movie for the people who "loved it" -Mildred Hayes rents three billboards to antagonize chief of police to continue to investigate the murder of her daughter, whose last words to her was "I hope you get raped too." Is this funny? Music didn't tell you that. -Mildred retains a relationship with her ex-husband who is STILL physically abusive. In a bizarre scene...she is lifted off her feet by the throat while the son breaks up the fight by putting a knife under the throat of his father. Then within seconds, they reset and act as if nothing happened. This was seriously in the movie. -Her ex-husband is dating what looks to be a supermodel. When he is some small town hick. Really? Only in a movie can you force this. -Sam Rockwell's character Deputy Dixon lives with his mother and is a dumb brutish bigoted sidekick to Woody Harrelson's chief Willoughby. They both stumble on violations or things that seem like violations. Trust me, this explanation is funnier than the execution. -In a small town where a teenage girl was raped and burned alive, Willoughby and wife leave their children to fish as they go off to have sex (seriously).Anyway, you get the point. Any one who liked this movie have serious mental issues or are retarded. This movie is dumb beyond words. But fortunately there is a dwarf in it, Peter Dinklage who is the best thing in this god-awful mess of a movie.

OK, let's just forget all the plot-holes here; like the fact that two people sitting in front of a burning police station would not simply be "free to be on their way". Or like a police officer throwing another man out a window and being witnessed by the police chief would simply be asked to turn in his badge and gun. Or that a woman who has an apparent blood-lust, capable of fire-bombing a building and watching a man on fire simply crawl out while doing nothing would let another strange man threaten her, break her items, then just let him walk away without reporting it. Yes...let's forget these and the MANY other plot holes in this entire mess...and what are we left with? Just a sad, bitter sermon on how all men are just plain evil if left to their own devices...yet white women must always get a pass in life (just because...don't ask why or you're a misogynist!) What this campy, meandering, cartoonish and pointless film DOES confirm is that most people are idiots, and will "love!" any film that confirms their belief or opinions.

THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award nominee Martin McDonagh (In Bruges). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police.Anotehr politically correct cop hating identity politicking Hollywood movie with manufactured buzz and a shoo in to win a bunch of undeserved awards.
Don't buy into this BS.
It's time to bring sanity to the nation.

I do not always say that but it felt like I wasted my two hours with this movie. Probably one of the worst endings if not the worst. 8/10 and oscars for what someone tell me? I really wonder..

If you are the kind of person who likes your movies to have an actual end; one that wraps up the story line and allows the movie to make sense, this movie is NOT for you! I started watching this because of the great cast and the acting is incredible, but that ending stinks! It just ends!

The talented cast and occasional idyllic images of rural Missouri, not to mention Renee Fleming's beautiful rendition of "Last Rose of Summer," can't save this indulgent movie. I know: the whole point is to mock violence, indulge violence, and comment on our obsession with violence while implying the need for justice. But a movie has to be willing to take a stance, risk sentimentality, and risk being moral if it wants to be successful-if it wants to be more than artful and "original." Over-the-top violence is never funny to my sensibility, and I think it says more about our collective inability to solve our mass shooting problem and pervasive social-psychological disconnection (preferring social media to real intimacy) than it does the movie's sophistication. When police chief Sam Rockwell knocks the kid off the roof and then goes down to the street to kick him into the hospital, camera's viewpoint where his gun would be holstered, it's disgusting, pointless, and not at all funny to this viewer. That they meet later in the hospital is supposed to function as some kind of double irony and edgy rapprochement, but it's simply exhausting. And that tired device--hideousness as humor, gratuitousness as art-is getting very tired. I'm reminded of the popular movie "Sideways" (2004)--no likeable characters, no one I'd like to spend time with, no one I admire. And yet the popular consensus in that case, as in this one, said the movie was so hilarious and that it was true on some level, or so true that it was hilarious. In truth, the joke was on us in that we found losers funny because we saw ourselves in them. Truth in "Three Billboards" would have been the Francis McDormand character, Mildred, getting out of the car instead of agreeing to travel with Sam to Idaho to act out their vengeance against the sociopath who, it turns out, didn't commit the rape of her daughter. Clearly, he's not a good guy, and the movie could have meditated on that more meaningfully, instead of turning him into yet another wrongfully accused but rightly unappealing character, righteous now that he has been brutally attacked for something he didn't do. I know: the movie leaves the outcome of their own private Idaho ambiguous. They set off together, but some of their drive for revenge has dissipated. But in this movie, no two people talk to each other in any meaningful way, for that wouldn't be artful. How much more compelling the ending would be if she got out of the car, for example, and walked home. (It's also not very plausible that all the parallels between the war vet and the actual killer are merely coincidental, but that's part of the movie's pretense to high art, its subverting of a cliché--Shane overhearing the Ryker brothers in the darkened saloon.)The only decent character is the new chief, the black officer come to replace Dixon (Sam Rockwell) for his incompetence and inability to channel or heal his rage. The message here seems to be PC--all white people in the movie are rotten, horribly flawed, at the very least limited. The man in the white hat is black. That's a nice twist on an old cliché, but the social commentary is about as subtle as, well, renting three billboards to send a message to law enforcement to find a daughter's rapist/murderer. For God's sake (don't worry; I'm an atheist), don't be so afraid of a true character arc, one that offers the viewer a different lens, something better than: the white hoi polloi are all, as a class, backwater brutes. In the end, what else can an enraged mother (who was herself abusive) do? She can have a change of heart. Or she can find and confront her daughter's killer. But that's too prosaic for this too-cool-for-school best picture nominee.

What a dismal show. The awards ceremony had more excitement than than this with the lead's choice of dress. A load of American BS. Dismal portrayals by all concerned. No wonder Woody Harrelson accepted the part of Willoughby, at least he wouldn't have to see it through until the end. Neither will I.

As I watched this tripe questions kept going through my mind "What were any of these actors thinking when they signed on?", "This was nominated for Best Picture?" and "Thousands of people gave this 10 stars?" I guess the answer to these thoughts would be, they hate law enforcement, have no idea how middle america lives or thinks, and they lack anything resembling common sense. These were awful caricatures not characters. None of this was believable and it lead to nothing. Here's common sense left out of this garbage: MOM: Has $5,000 a month to spend on 3 billboards. But, doesn't consider using it to hire a Private Investigator. DIXON: A cop anytime after 1970. Not a chance. WILLOUGBY: This is a small no nothing town, where's the real detectives to investigate a rape/murder?ABERCROMBIE: Sees an officer throw a man out a window, and beat him in the middle of the street. Not only doesn't he stop the beating, he doesn't arrest the officer. He merely fires him. RED WELBY: After being beat, thrown out a window and beat again, he doesn't press charges. All of this seems outrageous and moronic, because it is. It's the worst script I've seen filmed in a very long time. The real culprit is the screenwriter/director Martin McDonagh. I watched a few minutes of the special feature to see if there was some insight into this mess. 
It's said he was traveling through the US and saw a Billboard advertising a crime. What this moron didn't realize, it's what victim's family members and law enforcement do in hopes of getting information that lead to an arrest. This is done frequently, and there was a homicide in Florida where a handwriting sample was put on a billboard and a woman recognized it. The killer is now in prison. He couldn't even get the context these billboards are used correct. Of course he got nothing right with this waste of time.

Martin McDonagh is an exceptional writer - I will never forget seeing "Beauty Queen of Leenane" on Broadway many years ago. So it is not surprising that this film has some compelling characters and scenes to go along with its intriguing premise. However, it is surprising how RIDICULOUS everything else seems to be. As Wesley Morris pointed out in the NYT a while back, there's nothing "real" about Ebbing. At all. It is an ultra-unrealistic blend of Hollywood's many non-existent US small towns. And the cast of characters being drawn together there makes zero sense. Just like the wardrobe and the inexplicable choices and the way the characters talk to each other. Basically, it is kind of a mess. the cartoonish nature of it all makes caring pretty tough, despite some great performances. There's a lot of promise here (and even some comedy), but very little of it pays off.

This is one of the most poorly written, produced, directed, acted, edited films I've seen all year. It's all entirely incoherent with 0 logic put into it. From characters to story, everything is done completely wrong. The directing is very bad. You won't see anything more pretentious than the shots and color grading of Three Billboards all year. It's a lot of slow pans, hand-held, and shots of billboards that has no significant meaning. The lighting is also very unnatural too. There is a super pretentious deer scene that supposedly represents incarnation? What does that symbolic metaphor supposed to represent if her daughter is dead? UGGHHHHH. The music is absolutely horrible. It's this typical Coen Brothers esque music. Actually the entire film feels like a Coen Brothers rip off. There is also this obnoxious Southern music that will fill your mind with toxic. The characters and the story represents a Southern country. Another movie glorifying these obnoxious conservative Trump tards. The more we support these vagrant trash, the more the world will suck. Three Billboards is one of those cynical depressing movies that doesn't help anyone. "OH LIFE IS SO DEPRESSING, LOOK THE COPS DON'T HELP FIND THE RAPIST AND WE MAY NEVER FIND THE RAPIST SO LETS GO DO SOMETHING IMMORAL OR KILL OURSELVES." Seriously? The message is so bad in this film that it doesn't even make sense. The acting is some of the worst I've seen all year. No one is good in this movie and the characters are just down right awful. All of these characters have problems and they are so unlikable that you just don't care for them. They also make absolutely 0 sense. So, Frances McDormand is supposed to be this strong female character, but she is dependent on the cops catching her criminal? SHE ENDS UP GOING AFTER A RAPIST THAT ISN'T HER RAPIST, SO WHY DIDN'T SHE DO THAT WITH HER RAPIST IN THE FIRST PLACE? Oh yeah, to even add more heat to that ending. Apparently Sam Rockwell knows where that rapist lives just by getting his car plate number and the blood from him beating him? He's not a cop anymore, so why is he able to get confidential information that he shouldn't have access to? OKKAAAAYYY that makes no sense. Sam Rockwell becomes from a racist cop to good cop for some reason because he read a letter from his dead chief. Why? He despised his chief in the first half, so that right there is a plot hole. The editing is absolutely poor. Sam Rockwell decides to go beat up redhead boy funding the billboards after his chief kills himself cause I guess he think those billboards killed his chief? We never saw any of that anger so it is just came left field without reasoning. The chief killing himself also makes no sense. There was absolutely 0 development that he was struggling with cancer. Just one cough of blood here and there and some dark jokes about cancer. The movie failed to deliver that aspect and so him killing himself after making sex jokes with his wife made no sense. Here is where the movie gets even more messy. The town blames the billboards for what caused his death, but before that happened. Frances McDormand says to Woody that everyone knows he had cancer. SOOOOO WOULDN'T HIS STRUGGLE WITH CANCER BE THE REASON WHY HE KILLED HIMSELF? WOULD THAT BE A POSSIBLE EXPLANATION AND NOT THE BILLBOARDS? Way to contradict yourself director/writer. This film is full of contradictions like these. The movie itself overall doesn't work well as a dark dramedy. The comedy is not funny and repetitive. It's a lot of derogatory jokes and "oh that's from a book, oh that's from a movie." Those ships have sailed long ago. There is nothing original about this film at all. Anyways, this movie gets a 0/10.

Great cast. Acted as well as it could be. Complete crap script, sorry to say. I was expecting something wonderful. Worst movie I've seen in a long time. I wish the casting director had waited to call in the favors until a decent script presented itself.

This probably started out as a good idea. There's something fascinating about a cantankerous. outspoken kind of woman obsessing over an awful unsolved crime, and fighting the police on doing their job. Unfortunately, it ends up mixing the more occasional thoughtful, interesting moments with a ridiculously clichéd portrayal of small- town police as redneck buffoons, absurd Saturday-morning-cartoon style logic, Tarantino-imitating dialogue (cutesy circular monologues where the speaker enjoys correcting themselves, overly witty for the character in question because what you're really hearing is a self-obsessed eager-to-impress screenwriter, a woman talking to herself via her slippers where every single line repetitively blurts 'm****rf****rs'), irritating un-pc humour (yeah we get it, rednecks endlessly throwing out 'n***er' and 'f***ot', child abuse, dwarfs, kicking girls in the crotch etc is so fearless and edgy!) and huge tonal shifts that ruin the moment before or after. An underlying message of the film (something about kindness being more curing than anger) gets compromised in a final scene which seems forced and against all character logic. A moment half- way through sends the core of the film in a different direction, where it could easily be retitled "Three Letters from Ebbing, Missouri".I haven't felt so frustrated before by the idea of less being better. If certain absolutely-unnecessary scenes, moments, lines, quips and slurs were edited out, it would be a much more efficient and powerful film. Its also awkward to see as a shared experience - audiences simply don't know how to react or respond to certain tonally uneven moments, so can't help but nervously laugh at anything they think is suggestive of humour (e.g. an innocent school girl getting needlessly kicked in the crotch by an adult woman). The protagonist is often entirely rude and ignorant in her attack monologues, but rather than sympathise with her mis-directed anger, audiences are more inclined towards 'go girl!' style moronic agreement. It just feels jarring. It Would be much better absorbed on the small screen.

This film is just anti-police propaganda. If you are a leftard you will love it. If you have nuance, you'll see straight through the bs.

Yup! There I said it. While the character of Frances McDormand was great and very well played, and so was Sam Rockwell's performance, everything else just fell so flat. I kept watching this movie hoping it would build to a great crescendo resolving all of these great performances and this twisty sort of storyline but I was so disappointed. This movie's ending is garbage. Yup! its an absolutely garbage half a**ed attempt at resolving this plot that seems to keep thickening. Very disappointed by this movie. Wish I hadn't bough the bloody 4K version on release date. What a let down.

Well made movie with a poor plot line. There were too many disconnects for the film to be believed.1. The sheriff taking his own life. Most people cling on to life to the bitter end. His wife would have been left distraught in finding the body and the daughter's would have serious mental issues knowing their father had committed suicide. May also affect the rights to a widows pension.2. Mum kicking 2 school girls in the crotch and not getting locked up for it. Pathetic, she would have been arrested within the hour.3. Father taking up with an 18 year old bimbo. Does not help the viewer understand the main theme of the film. Whole scene with son holding knife to dad's throat and bimbo asking for the use of the toilet was unbelievable.4. Deputy beating up the gay billboard manager. What was that all about?5. Sheriff paying $5k for next month's advertising. Why would he do that if he was thinking of his wife and daughter's?Overall a ver disappointing movie.

I read many reviews of this movie extolling its many qualities. I read that it won two academy awards and was nominated for many others. I watched the movie yesterday and cannot recall being more disappointed in a movie for which I had such high expectations. I will avoid being specific (consistent with the rules for writing reviews on the Netflix site), but to say that the storyline for this movie is ridiculous is being kind. This movie has been described as drama and dark comedy. It is neither. Rather it is an amalgam of extreme violence, course and foul language, misogyny and bigotry, all designed to push the envelope just a little further to satisfy an audience that apparently is no longer sustained by subtlety and a well constructed plot line. In a day and age when everything has to be "in your face" to gain attention, this movie delivers. The plot, which is in addition to being downright silly, inconsistent and contradictory, delivers no discernible denouement. Perhaps the writers found that at the end of this train wreck there was nothing of consequence remaining to deliver as a conclusion.

It goes without saying that dark comedy is very difficult to accomplish. I would almost say it's harder to pull off than regular comedy because you need to be able to keep people invested in the dramatic aspect of the film, while still keeping them laughing throughout the majority of the duration. Director Martin McDonagh has matured as a filmmaker over the years, starting off with In Bruges, which was pretty much a flat-out comedy, to Seven Psychopaths, which placed him a little further into the spotlight, but I must admit that Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is not only his best film to date, but also one of the best films I've received the pleasure of witnessing all year. From laughter to genuine tension and heart, this is a film that's pretty much perfect all around. Here is why I can recommend this film to everyone.After the tragic death of her daughter, Mildred Hayes calls out the local authorities on three billboards, publicly stating that they're not doing their jobs and not a single arrest has happened since the death of her daughter. While publicly displaying this is upsetting to some, she sees it as a point being made. Through some very cleverly written humor throughout the entire film, levity is brought to the table in times of sorrow, making this a very easy movie to watch. Although the story itself is quite depressing, this film is written in a way that will still find a way to make you smile.From the very first few frames of this film, you can tell the tone will be handled perfectly. Written and directed by Martin McDonagh with pure class, you can tell that he was very passionate when bringing this film to fruition. Every line of dialogue either progressed the story along, developed a character, made the audience laugh, or provided deep insight into the event of the murder itself. While not having the bearings of a conventional murder mystery, many viewers may not like the way this film concludes, but in the context of the movie as a whole and everything it's setting out to accomplish, it really does have a realistic and true finale.It's arguable that some of the law enforcement officers play just as significant a role as Mildred does throughout the film, being pretty much present every time a revelation occurs, but I gravitated the most towards Officer Dixon. I've always been a huge fan of Sam Rockwell, and his character here is one of the most essential to this story, set on being there from beginning to end, trying his absolute best to be of any help. While Woody Harrelson's portrayal of Chief Willoughby is by far the most important to the story at hand, it's the characters around him that drive him to his actions throughout the course of the movie. The characters are truly what make this film as likable as it is, and they're all wonderfully drawn.Overall, when looking back on my experience watching Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, I find myself not being able to wait until its official theatrical release to watch it again. I found this film to be stellar in every sense of the word. From a noteworthy performance by Francis McDormand, devoted secondary performances, a screenplay that will have you consistently laughing, while also being emotionally involved with the serious storyline at hand, and pulling the audience in with its subtly composed score, everything about this film is worth praise. This was a huge surprise for me and I can't recommend you checking it out enough. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a fantastic piece of modern cinema.

I really expected to like this movie given the cast and the stellar ratings, but no, not at all. I did laugh on a few occasions because of some funny dialogue. But I think, in sum, it's very much a movie about a director desperately trying to be the Coen brothers without the talent or even a concept. Maybe it didn't help the movie to have Frances McDormand in it because it makes the viewer feel like: "Oh, cool, that's gonna be hilarious" and then the movie goes on and on, and it never gets hilarious, and at some time you're wondering what's the point. What are we supposed to make of all these story lines and characters? For instance, the bad guy having a beer at the local pub bragging about raping a girl while she is burning to death? Come on. And all the senseless beating up? The last 30 minutes feel like they are looking for a good point to end this disaster but they don't find one so they just stop.

This is the exact reason why I try to avoid movies that critics say are "instant classics ". The flick starts off decent and the actors definitely did a great job portraying their characters but it quickly becomes ridiculous. Other than Rockwell,the characters are annoying and completely uninteresting. The movie just kind of drags on and on and then they just leave you hanging as the movie just comes to an abrupt end with absolutely no answers or payoff. Yes,the writer/director did the thing that I hate most,put out a film with no ending. I know what some of you are thinking,"that makes it artistic and it lets you draw your own conclusion". No,it's crap and it's a cop out ending. Have enough creativity to conclude your own stupid movie that people are wasting two hours of their lives on.

This movie epitomises the shallow treatment of rural America which Hollywood churns out time after time. And it's directed by a brit! Pay your $12, sit still and shut up whilst one of your former imperial overlords explains to you, very slowly, why you stink.Billy Bob Thornton has written about this type of movie (not this exact one as far as I know) and he's right. It does nothing to advance mutual understanding or art, which is surprising because this is from the maker if the superb In Bruges.I thought this would be a good film. It isn't. It's the opposite of Sling Blade. That film dealt with broadly similar topics and situations but was ten times more powerful because it had truth and love running all the way through it.This film is totally hollow and 2 years from now nobody will remember it.

I watched this movie after having heard a lot about it and I was a bit disappointed. Maybe it is because I was tired, but I feel asleep several times.
The storyline is interesting but low and the message is intense, important, but already heard in many other movies and books.
Violence creates violence, only forgiveness or the ability to leave things go can stop the circle: it is absolutely true, however we already know it.
The picture of the United States in a quiet small village is maybe too negative and exagerated, the total opposite of some american comedies in which everything seems perfect: here everything seems corrupted, violent, full of anger and hate, hypocritical.
Maybe this movie has been overrated by the critics?

Spoiler alert * don't waste energy attempting to understand this one because their is no conclusion.

Great acting from the castsPutty the ending is crap

A hallmark of a great movie is one that can make you laugh, think, and cry (or at least become emotional) simply through viewing it. Three Billboards is great in this way. Themes contemplating grief and anger, and how they shape us are evident throughout. There is one scene of violence framed in a way that churns the stomach. And a healthy dose of black comedy provides levity (and occasional sly societal commentary) throughout. Three Billboards is one to cherish.

Frances McDormand is EXCELLENT! Acting from the entire cast was superb and the script is awesome (pity about all the unnecessary foul language, though). Considering the theme, there is actually so much sadness behind all the humor. Writer/director Martin McDonagh found a brilliant way of not making a very sad story depressing. The drama and humor blends so seamlessly, its quite magnificent actually. The film in its entirety is a masterpiece. It does kinda leave you hanging in the end, but it is truly fantastic.

Review:
Every now and again, a low budget movie comes along that exceeds expectation, which this movie certainly did. I personally found it entertaining throughout, and the performances from McDormand, Rockwell and Harrelson were brilliant. The storyline was also well put together but I was slightly disappointed with the ending. Although the subject matter was quite serious, the witty script made it a joy to watch, in a black comedy type of way, and it really does prove that you don't have to have a huge budget to make an entertaining movie. Anyway, the movie is about a mother, Mildred (Frances McDormand) who has become a recluse after her daughter is brutally murdered. After waiting 7 months for the police to come up with some results, she decides to take matters into her own hands by putting "RAPED WHILE DYING", "STILL NO ARRESTS" and "HOW COME, CHIEF WILLOUGHBY?" on three billboards, hence the title. The billboards upset a lot of people in her small town, including Chief Bill Willoughby (Woody Harrelson), and officer Jason Dixon who is a racist and a violent alcoholic. As Bill was unable to solve the case, he is pushed to investigate the murder again, after the billboards cause a huge impact in the town. Whilst suffering with pancreatic cancer, Bill decides to take his own life after finding out that the cancer has progressed, which leaves Mildred with no answers about her daughter. After another violent event, Jason is sacked from the police but he decides to look into the murder after reading a note that Bill left him before he committed suicide. Out of frustration, Mildred decides to burn down the police station, not knowing that Jason is inside but he manages to escape with severe burns around his body. Whilst in a bar, Jason hears a man bragging to his friend about being with a girl around the time Mildred's daughter was killed, so he gets into a fight with him to try and get his DNA. After finding out that the DNA didn't match, Mildred is left with no leads but she is still determined to find out what happened to her daughter, even though everyone is telling her to drop it. Frances McDormand was perfect for her role, along with Sam Rockwell who was funny throughout. The cinematography was also perfect for the movie and the various cameos were great additions to this unique movie. It could have easily been a depressing, downbeat film because of it's emotional backdrop, which is why I was surprised with the outcome. Because of the amount of awards that this movie received, I hope that other directors follow suit, especially in this day and age of loads of sequels and remakes. A great watch!Round-Up:
This movie was written and directed by Martin McDonagh, who also brought you In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths. Judging by his previous movies, Martin is definitely one for dark comedies but I doubt that he was expecting such a success with this movie. With Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell winning Academy awards for there roles in this film, which they thoroughly deserved, I can't wait to see what this director will come up with next. Budget: $12million
Worldwide Gross: $158.6millionGenre: Crime, Drama
Cast: Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Abbie Cornish, Caleb Landry Jones, Kerry Condon, Alejandro Barrios, Zeljko Ivanek, Peter Dinklage, Amanda Warren, Sandy Martin, John Hawkes, Clarke Peters and Samara Weaving. 8/10

This movie epitomizes the depths to which Hollywood will sink in an attempt to redeem its misogynistic reputation for by producing formulaic, feminist schlock in the hopes the gullible public will eat it up. The essential and underlying theme of this movie is "men BAD", because, you know, all men will rape anything that moves if given half a chance. And the only redeeming men are the ones who display no signs of "toxic masculinity" (i.e. the effeminate poster salesman). Meanwhile, the anti-hero is a foul-mouthed old hag deliberately cast by a recognizably aging actress so no one can claim the "hot chick won the Oscar" this year. And of course, there's the obligatory (and completely gratuitous) scene where the main character bad mouths the Catholic church, because of course everyone in Mississippi is Catholic (no, really...just suspend your disbelief here one more time) and they film needs to take a swipe at every form of patriarchy known to mankind. Add to this the very predictable "all southerners are ignorant, racist red-necks" and boy howdy, you got yerself a real Hollywood piece of Oscar-bait (or crap...depending on how many brain-cells/capacity to reason you have left).

Does this review contain any spoiler? None at all. You can't spoil something that's this bad.

Ok, positives up front. Frances McDormand: great. As someone who grew up in Missouri, Ugh. Hard to swallow. Full of grotesque sterotypes and gratuitous violence. I couldn't figure out why it didn't feel at all like Missouri to me. Then saw that they filmed it in North Carolina neare Asheville! Didn't even bother to travel two states over to give it the real feel. Just gave everyone southern accents and affects, not necessarily Missouri accents, made every man but the advertiser a violent jerk. Everyone says fuck every third word. Not quite like the Missouri I know full of walmarts and fallen buildings and churches (NOT catholic). The mother of Woody had some authenticity. The "people of color" were sophisticates, completely and utterly urban and out of place. The wife of the sherrif had...a British accents?! Really? FYI...authenticity alert...there are no restaurants with white tablecloths and wine in my town or anywhere near if you don't go to college towns or cities. What I guess bothers me about it is that there are so, so many projections on the American midwest now that no one really cares to go and see...you know what is really there. Even if they make a movie about the place they don't go! Missouri is a fiction here. One of male violence, racism and western vigilanteism. And that just doesn't feel right. Where is the picture of that very active grief that is the American midwest, black and white? Ok, so I guess it fell a bit short as a cultural piece for me in sum.

Watching this film, then reading the critics tripping over each other to praise it, is like being at the art museum when a docent oooohs and aaaahs over how profound and deep a plain white square on the wall is.First, there is no such place as Ebbing, MO, but thanks for making all of MIssouri look like "Deliverance", without the canoes.Second, every outdoor shot shows rolling mountains and foothills. Missouri is nearly as flat as Kansas. The highest point in the entire state is only 1600 feet.Nobody outside the metro areas of St. Louis and Kansas City pronounces it "Missou-ree". In areas like those depicted as "Ebbing", it's pronounced "Missou-rah". State political figures on the stump change their pronunciation depending upon how urban, or rural, their current audience is.It's obvious not a single person associated with this film ever set foot in Missouri.Why did Frances McDormand wear the same trucking dock jumpsuit in almost every scene?It's obvious some movie critics read a glowing review by a critic they admire, and play 'Me, too!" to curry professional favor.This movie was two hours of my life I want back.

There have been plenty of times when I've been annoyed by what was presumed to be the frontrunner at the Oscars and the Golden Globes. So often, the movie that wins Best Picture and sweeps the other categories is something that I consider overrated or cheesy or simply not as good as some of the other movies I enjoyed from that year. In all of those cases, I can at least put aside my frustration and disappointment and understand what it is about the movie that's connecting with other people, or I can appreciate why it was entertaining or moving to audiences even if it wasn't quite my thing. In all the years I've been paying attention to movies, not once has a movie like this come along--a critical darling, an awards frontrunner, a box office smash, and an IMDb user hit that I find to be thoroughly awful nearly to the point of offensiveness. My friends who have seen the movie feel similarly. I honestly cannot discern a single reason for why this movie is being lauded.What's astounding about this fact is that I actually love most of the people in the cast. Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Lucas Hedges, Caleb Landry Jones, Peter Dinklage, John Hawkes, Clarke Peters--these actors are phenomenal in almost every other thing I've ever seen them in. In this movie, they do the best with what's been given them--and Harrelson and Landry Jones almost even come out on top--but the lines they've been given to read are so artificial and inhuman, the situations they've been put into are so false and baffling, that it's impossible to imagine that any of these characters are existing in any kind of stable reality.And look, it's not like I need overly naturalistic realism in all my movies. In Bruges, also by McDonagh, took place in a bizarre, surrealistic kind of universe, but at least its weirdness seemed consistent and self-contained. It established a convincing over-the-top world and then allowed a clever story to unfold within it. I didn't enjoy Seven Psychopaths nearly as much--in fact, I found its meta story to be quite pretentious and not nearly as intelligent as it thought it was--but at least that movie, too, seemed to be playing by its own established rules. What are the rules of Ebbing, Missouri? Is it supposed to have any intersection with the America I live in? Or is it supposed to be absurdist through and through, simply an excuse for unbelievable violence and offensive punchlines? Because it doesn't seem that way. It seems like McDonagh wants us to believe that this movie has a lot to say about what really matters in America. It so frequently mentions things like racism, police brutality, domestic abuse, and sexual assault that it seems like surely it must have something to say about these issues. But instead, it might as well just be posting hashtags across the bottom of the screen. It has as much to do with female empowerment and combating racism as a typical round of Cards Against Humanity.In the early scenes of the movie, I found myself wondering if it was supposed to be set in the mid-nineties. The way characters tossed around words like re**ded and n****r seemed dated and backwards, yet the apparent self-consciousness with which they used these words made it seem like it was taking place in the present day. Bad writing, I thought, like when a period picture uses a word like "nerd" twenty years before it was even coined. But then I realized that this was supposed to be the present day. So why do the characters sound so bizarrely out of place and time? Is it because McDonagh thinks all people from middle America are backwards and ignorant? When Rockwell and McDormand argue about "n****r torturing" vs. "people of color torturing," what the hell is the punchline there? What's the satirical target? Who's the intended audience? Is it supposed to be intelligent elites who understand identity politics and enjoy laughing at the clumsiness of people who aren't quite up to speed? I just don't see why this scene exists or what it's supposed to evoke from me, especially when it seems ultimately irrelevant to the plot of the movie.Is it really necessary for the movie to so casually evoke police brutality and torture? There's not really a single meaningful non-white character in the entire movie, and the trajectories of the plot and the character development don't really have anything to do with that. Is simply mentioning it sufficient to feel as though something is being done about it? One of the most well-directed scenes in the movie is when Rockwell sends an innocent, unarmed man to the hospital while in uniform in broad daylight on a crowded main street. But the immediate aftermath of this horrifying moment is that we follow this character and we're supposed to root for him and appreciate his decency even though he's done practically nothing to deserve such empathy. Look, I'm not opposed to anti-heroes or to trying to understand and forgive the prejudices of racists. My entire family is full of racists, many of whom I love. But this screenplay doesn't put any real work into doing anything meaningful whatsoever with this character. Rockwell's character is a cartoon--far more bumbling and stupid and unaware than the many actual racist people I've known in my life. His actions are likewise far more dangerous and reckless than the actions of anyone I've known in my life. And yet by the end of the movie he's essentially taken center stage as the protagonist and hero.Is that the point of the movie? What message are we supposed to get from McDormand, who barks a bunch of curse words that I guess are supposed to be hilarious because they're coming from the mouth of a middle aged woman? When Dinklage's character humbly shames her for friendzoning him and not smiling enough--is that the moral of the story? Is her assault on two random, presumably innocent teenagers supposed to be rousing? Are we supposed to applaud her fascist vigilantism, a la Dirty Harry, or are we supposed to be critical of the violent cycle of revenge that she's initiating, or are we just supposed to shut off our critical faculties completely and enjoy the flashiness and the silliness and the midgets and explosions?Ultimately, that seems to be McDonagh's point--to make a trashy bit of popcorn. And yet because he happens to drop a few resonant keywords like "people of color" and "patriarchy," audiences seem to be convinced that something really insightful is unfolding before them. The slightest pause of consideration produces a thousand nagging questions, however. For instance, why would McDormand's character be so willing to knee-punch teenagers, yet cower whenever a man comes to her admitting to be her daughter's murderer? Why would the town priest let her ramble on for two pages of insulting, nonsensical monologue? Wouldn't he interrupt her or just get up and leave? Even the part of the movie that evoked one of the only laughs from me doesn't actually make any sense. Sure it's funny that Sheriff Willoughby was the secret savior who paid for the second month of McDormand's unrealistically expensive billboards, but if he's really planning on killing himself and leaving behind a young wife and two young children, would he really be throwing away five thousand dollars like that? I'd be pretty furious if I were his wife.I don't mind popcorn. I don't mind violence in movies. I thoroughly enjoyed John Wick Chapter 2 despite being opposed to gun violence. But John Wick Chapter 2 never preached to me about the most pertinent issues of contemporary American life using nothing but bluster and empty catch phrases, and as far as I know, no audience member thought that such bluster was topically relevant and deeply moving. So why do people think Three Billboards is anything other than curse words and cartoon violence?

Even Frances McDormand's academy award winning performance can't save this film. Yes, McDormand is excellent, but even great actors can't save a story/script this poor. Good movies perform magic, while "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" performs a street-hustle trick with a loaded deck of cards. The film drops names of important and timely issues and simply glosses over them, trading substance for melodramatic violence, constant foul language, characters that are mostly caricatures, and a story/script with close to zero continuity and coherence. The film is billed as a dark comedy, but it really is a dark nightmare of a film. Honestly, I've read comic books with a more coherent storyline. There are various incidents of assault, arson, and attempted murder AND not only is no one ever held responsible, but the incidents are forgotten five minutes later in the film! "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is good at shocking the audience at times, but not much else. A huge waste of both good acting talent and your time and energy.

This movie had an interesting start, that hooked the audience. By 20 minutes in, that hook was dying a slow death from the sheer bordom a weak plot brings.

I rarely go to the movies anymore but the film's location, the hype and Frances McDormand brought me out. I was ultimately disappointed with the experience. It seemed that the screenplay's conceit - the three billboards - was seen as such a good idea and selling point that the writer/director, Martin McDonagh, couldn't resist it even though it was beyond him to make anything coherent or believable around it. Moreover, he saw the location of small town Missouri as an opportunity to satisfy the world's base expectation of racism, violence and small-mindedness without the slightest intention or perhaps ability to explore them. McDonagh cut and pasted disparate scenes together in what was to add up to a black comedy and drama but the danger of going for art is that, when you miss, you get irksome, unentertaining, unconvincing dross. Films like "Fargo", "Pulp Fiction", "Good Fellas" and even "Apocalypse Now" are examples of how a roller coaster, collage screenplay can work but it takes skill to make it a unified satisfying whole. 
 
What went wrong? Screenwriting. Some of the dialogue was clichéd and amateurish. Many of the jokes were telegraphed and some of the emotional outpourings hollow. Characters. Whilst the "head" of the film McDormand, Harrelson and Rockwell did well, the gut of the film's cast were given nothing to work with and became pieces of cardboard. For example, how did an English rose (Yes, I know Abbie Cornish is Australian but she seems to effect a British accent) with an education in literature meet and marry a sheriff from small town Missouri? It can happen but there is no rhyme or reason for it within the context of the film. Moreover, some of the actions were uncharacteristic of the established characters. How does a mother and responsible loving father who is a chief of police leave their two little girls fishing by a lake surrounded by wilderness in order to have sex in the woods? The wife's praise of her husband's "cock" on their return home seemed gratuitous and phoney. The aftermath of making love with your dying husband was never so lacking in tenderness or affection. If you want sweetness without too much sugar in a black comedy look at the final scene in "Fargo". With a bit more imagination, McDonagh could surely have written a more touching family scene to symbolize a perfect last day for the sheriff prior to shooting himself. The suicide scene itself was apparently supposed to shock us with its suddenness but it seemed to me be just another obvious and convenient plot point. The letter of explanation by Chief of Police Willoughby for his suicide was utterly unconvincing too. And not to be too facetious or insensitive but I hope to look as well as Woody did and to be able to have sex right up to my end too! You may accuse me of being picky but, for the sake of brevity, I am only pointing out a few of the many cats that barked in this film. Smash up an advertising business, savagely beat up its editor and throw him out a window and brutally assault a female assistant but all that happens to you is you lose your job as a cop! I also found the punch in the face for the nice girl utterly gratuitous, cheap and nasty. Was it not established that Dixon was violently angry by what he did to "Red"? No restraint and definitely no imagination by the writer/director. I could also point out the rather uninspired soundtrack and the lack of atmosphere. Nothing about the film spoke to me of a time and a place except perhaps for some of the posters in the dead girl's room (Nirvana) and the girl's punk/grunge outfit in the flashback scene. Even the original ads on the billboards from "20 years ago" looked more like the 1950's or 60's. I often judge a film by the strength of my impulse to see it again. Good ones get even better the second or third times around. Nothing would convince me to believe that I would find "Three Billboards" any more or less interesting or entertaining than it was today for me. If this is a classic, I will not be venturing to the movies very much more in future

Another reviewer summed it up when he/she wrote: "it's unfortunate to use the word comedy, dark or otherwise, with regard to this film. unpleasant would be a better adjective" This sentiment was echoed not just by me, but everyone I personally know who's seen this movie.Francis McDormand, entire cast did a stellar job, and it was a good movie; just not what I expected, given the trailers I saw. I felt misled and, yes, depressed after watching.

Why was this movie made? It documents a very small non-existent town, with many damaged people. So much "nonsense" goes on! How can Woody .. a very old woody have a charming young wife and two very young kids? Woody is killed off early, mercifully .. but He gets off easy compared to the other damaged souls in this terrible flick. The movie details how people with a vengeance can burn, kill and maim with zero consequence. No-one who burns or kills anyone in this movie gets justice .. or even a slap on the wrists. It's sort of crime for idiots, with no-one doing any time. The billboards paper burns, but the old wooden billboards don't. This movie burned long before the end. It is topical in that - on a recent driving trip through Missouri .. We saw billboard after billboard asking for Hillary Clinton to be put behind bars for Uranium Gate. The Hillary billboards are so much more "real" than this nonsense! So if You're in favor of vengeance with zero consequences this is Your Movie.

For some movies, we set aside out fact checking and allow ourselves to be entertained. We don't get upset when Superman flies around holding up skyscrapers without any propulsion system whatsoever.Then there's the invulnerable good guy who lives in the real world and isn't a super-hero, but he dances and prances about, shooting all the bad guys and never getting a scratch. We overlook the absurdity of that and allow ourselves to be entertained.Then there's movies like THREE BILLBOARDS. No superheros, no people that don't bleed. It's set in the real world and the story is supposed to make sense, right?Then why do you let the sloppy writers allow Dixon to break into an office, throw Red Welby out of a 2nd story window, severly injuring him, all of which is witnessed by the new Sheriff, who then announces to the rest of the Cops he is the new Sheriff (and the Cops demand to see proof but the writers let that slide ) and soon, the new Sheriff is ordering everybody around and firing Dixon but not arresting him, while Dixon gets the hurt put on himself and winds up in the same hospital room as Red Welby who decides to make him a cup of tea and be nice to Dixon for trying to kill him.That's enough; there was plenty of other nonsense throughout the film. Did you really enjoy that?

This movie is just a movie, it's a "Sunday evening what's on TV" kind of movie, it's not bad, it's not great, and I'm surprised to see that it's a new critically acclaimed release. But that's not the reason behind a 5 star rating. I was settled on the score when the credits rolled. I was surprised to see that the director is the one behind "In Bruges" as that movie is on my watch-list and I'm sceptical about it after witnessing this mess, although I also guess that 10 years can do a lot to a writer (look no further than mister M. Night).Did you notice how this first paragraph was all over the place? Well that's you're in for if you want to watch this movie. It's a wide lake as shallow as a puddle on a paved street. And again, it's not a bad things, it's just this is boring: a TV-grade screenplay, executed in a boring TV-style edit, just in a wider aspect ratio. There's is one good shot in the movie that justifies the ratio, I'll give it that, but most of the time it's really annoying to watch, and I'll give my opinion as to why:This movie IS post-modernism. It wants to be everything and it is nothing. It wants to be Fargo, it wants to be Twin Peaks, it wants to be Police Academy, it doesn't settle on one single plot line for longer than 15 minutes and it just aimlessly wanders around, somewhere between a feminist manifesto and dark comedy, but not quite, and a left-wing propaganda cut and a serious drama, but not quite, leading basically nowhere. And don't get me wrong, it is quite entertaining, but it is entertaining in the same way that watching random YouTube videos is.The first thing I said after watching this film was "well this is a movie that you don't need to watch twice", and that's basically the gist of it. It's not a terrible movie, it's watchable, and if you like cry-bating drama and you grew up thinking that you're edgy but not as edgy as the dorks in your class at witch you involuntarily laughed at, then this will definitely be a lot of fun.The acting from the a and b-listers in this movie was top-notch, only 1 supporting character was kinda off but the rest gave an amazing performance, the pacing is fine, as you never get bored, and well: it's a movie after all.It just doesn't hook you in any way, it doesn't offer a challenge, it doesn't do anything at all and, spoiler alert, it doesn't lead anywhere at all. If you think movies in the good old days were better because they hooked you in and you couldn't stop watching, then this movie is not for you. Otherwise, this is a solid 5 out of 10 stars experience. I've heard some people cried and all...

Three Billboards outside Ebbing Missouri (2017) A stunning, moving, funny as heck movie. You almost have to compare it to "Fargo" for its depth and wit simultaneously. Both movies dig into a caricatured America, in this case the South (I'm not sure they ever say where, but it feels like Georgia.) The great character here has to be the woman who pays for ads on billboards, and who drives the plot--Frances McDormand--and who also happens to be the amazing lead in "Fargo." Yeah. Here she doesn't quite don a full southern accent the way she became rural Minnesota in a lick, but she's a perfect type, and tough. Around her are the nuanced but funny kinds of people you'd expect, especially a cadre of cops that includes Woody Harrelson, always an asset, this time as an honorable chief of police with cancer. The third big name is Sam Rockwell, who is terrific as a troubled cop. His role grows as the movie twists. Any scene with McDormand and Harrelson, or with her and Rockwell, is really amazing. Good acting is good acting.
 The script here is great. I think it is the screenplay of the year and should get the Oscar, never mind the fun originality of "Get Out" which lacks the subtle insights and natural language here.  There are other levels to love this movie on, from the music (Carter Burwell) to the photography (Ben Davis). Almost no one is a famous contributor beyond the actors, including the director and writer, Martin McDonagh. That's partly what makes it all fresh and honest. 
 It's a great movie. Do not miss it.

In the words of poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan, the beauty of film is "You get poetic justice in less than 3 hours. You often don't get poetic justice in a lifetime." If that'd be the case than the collective works of Martin McDonagh serves as a counterweight to such thinking. His films, often involve looking in vain for the nebulous concepts of love, justice and meaning in a post-modern world. His characters, likable if deeply flawed, shout into the void but never find the answers they seek.Thus it's hard to truly gage a film like Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. Much like In Bruge (2008) and Seven Psychopaths (2012), this film is rich with wit yet syncopated in its own world of messy loops, twists, turns and tones. The story begins with the melodies of Renee Fleming's "Tis the Last Rose of Summer" but then ends the first five minutes on the screen in capital letters. The letters spell out "RAPED WHILE DYING," "STILL NO ARRESTS?" "HOW COME, CHIEF WILLOUGHBY". So starts the saga of the Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, sanctioned by a grieving mother; printed for a dying man.The mother in this case is Mildred Hayes (McDormand), who much like her billboards stands unwavering. She's hassled by everyone from Sheriff Willoughby's (Harrelson) clueless deputies to her ex-husband Charlie (Hawkes). Still, even when her son Robbie (Hedges) is incensed to give her the silent treatment, Mildred demands her message be heard. Her teenage daughter was raped and murdered seven long months ago and nothing has been done. She wants justice.Yet the funny thing about justice in this movie is the moment you get a good handle on the concept, the film bleeds it away like water from outstretched hands. So too do the characters. Every time you get a firm understanding of who they are, something logical yet wholly unexpected forces you to assess and reassess. No one else best exemplifies this than Sam Rockwell's Office Dixon who goes from a racist Barney Fife to a numbed Travis Bickle with nary a dropped beat to make you question the change.The ensemble carries the film through a lot of ugliness with grace. We glide uncomfortably close along the sharpened edges of rape, murder, abuse, suicide, alcoholism and racism. All the while questions like: "is it okay to be angry in an unfair world?" and "how do our decisions affect others," smear into the ashy black comedy and imposing melodrama. Deep care was given to breathe life into these characters. Even when someone as non-consequential as Charlie's nineteen-year-old girlfriend (Weaving) enters the fray you can't help but admire how these people interact and curious about how they must feel.Martin McDonagh more than ever invites comparisons to the Coen brothers in this film. A signal that to me at least proves McDonagh is ambitious, but out of his weight class at this point in his career. For while the Coen's approach their films with the same character-first, free-form narratives, there's always a level of benevolence behind the cynicism. Here, instead of smirk-worthy amusement there is anger. Instead of cosmic curiosity there is more anger. Instead of wonder, there's just more anger, and you know what they say about anger; it just begets moreanger.If anger were the spice of life, then this murky soup would definitely be worth consuming. But as it is not, regular filmgoers should approach this witty, richly rendered film with extreme caution. McDonagh's oeuvre is an acquired taste and those liable to agree with Bachchan's approach to film may walk out severely shook. But for those fixing for an overall decent barnstorming black comedy, the "Show Me" state might just have something for you.

Biggest waste of time ever if you ask me!!
Saw all the other reviews, 9/10, 10/10 etc thought wow must be an awesome movie!!
Well it wasn't, wasted two hours watching this and guess what, (SPOILER) you don't even get to know who did it... 
Yep, waiting for the twist, the sting, who it finally was, etc... Well you don't find out.. heck you don't even find out if they actually kill the other guy right at the end.. 
When it ended I seriously thought there must have been a mistake in editing or something.. no movie could end there!! But it did!!!
Good acting, But story only had a beginning, and a middle, BUT NO END!!!

I can't understand the acclaim this has received. I wanted to like this. It has a stellar cast. I just couldn't find anything to like about this movie besides the performances. I don't feel like the script was very good at all. This movie wanted to be a lot of things (mostly a Coen Brother's movie): a commentary on the red states, racism, guilt, revenge, violence in America, etc. I guess I can't fault the writer for wanted to achieve this kind of discourse. It's hard to really make something with depth and meaning. I can see why people wanted to like this, wanted to see these themes addressed and wanted to root for a picture with such talented performers. That's life though: sometimes we just fail. This movie failed.

My wife and I watched this film yesterday and were both disappointed. What had the makings of a very good, if not excellent, film was let down by series of improbabilities. Too much was going on!! and a lot of the 'action' was totally unnecessary and unrelated to what could have been a gripping movie. What the hell was the scene in the dentists about? Did we really need the exaggerated mannerisms and attitude of the 'bad' cop to show us he was a bad cop? What the hell was the scene by the lake with the kids add to the story? Was the appearance of the ex-husband and his girlfriend needed? What was the point of the brief encounter with the midget about?The rapist is overheard in the bar - earlier in the film the police officer refers to 'overhearing someone in a bar etc': excessive foreshadowing or what. I could go on and on, like myself and my wife did in our discussion but I think you'll get what I'm saying when you've seen it. Most of the acting was very good and the locations credible... but overall? No.

We saw this last week at a special screening as part of the SAG Film Society series and it just blew everything else we had seen away! I really loved Breathe and Wild River, but this was not only riveting in its development and surprising in its plot twists, but just fascinating to watch. The plot is crafted like an intricate puzzle that slowly spins out as the characters interact and react in completely unpredictable ways. The only thing I did NOT like about it is the ending, because I felt it not only left the audience hanging in the middle of the film, without resolving to a satisfying (for me) conclusion, but I also did not want it to END! That's how fascinating the characterizations are. McDormand and Rockwell are both standouts, but Harrelson definitely holds his own with them, as well as all of the supporting cast. I don't usually write reviews, but this was so memorable that I had to post something. I will not give anything away because it is better the less you know, but GO SEE IT!!!

I should have looked to see who the writer and director of this was before watching. Had I known that "In Bruges" wrote and directed this as well, I might have avoided it, or at least gone in with no expectations. Perhaps then I would also have been less surpristed by the weird feel of the characters which is explained by the writer's ignorance of the sort of people he is trying to portray. The overall concept of the film is good, but almost every element of it is poorly executed. I'm somewhat puzzled that none of the actors, especially Frances McDormand did not review their dialogue and protest that their characters were stilted and not quite right, kind of like Invasion of the Body Snatchers imitations of real people. Overall, it was a waste of an extraordinary ensemble cast, especially the principals, McDormand and Rockwell who each do a very good job with the material they were given, but also a waste of Peter Dinklage who seemed to be there just to be the midget, and Clarke Peters who had basically nothing to do. I'm not a prude for language, but the use of it in this movie reminded me of the anecdote about Mark Twain responding to his wife's attempt to shame him with a stream of vulgarity, saying, "You have the notes, but you just ain't got the music." The violence was completely out of kilter also because the director never adequately set a tone to the movie. Was the violence supposed to be comic, and that is why nobody gets arrested, or was it supposed to be realistic and the characters in the show are really that stupid? It's impossible to understand during the course of the film. One starts out very much wanting to be sympathetic with McDormand's character and then, in desperation with any character in the movie, but to no avail. Each of the main characters turn out to be execrable, unsympathetic people with no consistent human pathos. The final "villain" character is nothing more than a tremendous plot hole so deep and dense that he is a veritable black hole that sucks all suspension of disbelief down into an alternate universe, leaving one wishing that another choice of movie had been made.I give it three stars because the actors all acted and the images made it to film okay. Other than that, I sincerely wish the movie had never been made.

The screenplay of this movie is absolutely stunning. The script handles this mode of tragedy very well but at the same time manages a very intelligent and very well thought comedy. Although some of the characters try to be funny in times of stress and tension, which makes them insignificant in my opinion, the whole cast is amazing, but obviously the most outstanding is Frances McDormand's character. She is an unfiltered psycho who seeks justice for the death of her daughter. She's everything in this film, even her facial expressions are amazing. The film manages a very interesting comedy, for example, Carter Burwell puts a slow music to put you in a sad mood and make you feel for the characters and suddenly... you laugh. It is very unusual but hilarious.

This movie had great potential and very good acting but the foul language was too much. Then the liberal biased BS started and never stopped. Why ruin a good movie with your biased opinions? When was this movie taking place? Newer type cell phone says at least 2000's but the police department was more like 1960's or earlier. I just felt this movie was all over the place and never figured out where it was going. But it is exactly what Hollywood likes so if you are into that.

So far, this film has an IMDb rating of 8.3...and this is extraordinarily high. But the film has been in festivals and I am sure the rating will change some when the film is in general release. As for me, I think it's incredibly overrated.The story is about an angry mom, Mildred (Frances McDormand). Her daughter was brutally murdered and raped...and the police haven't been able to do anything with the case. So, in desperation and anger, she rents out three billboards and calls the local Police Chief (Woody Harrelson) to task for this. Surprisingly, most of the town comes down against Mildred...who was just exercising her First Amendment rights. What happens from there...well, just see the film.There were many wonderful scenes and characters in this picture. But, there were also many main characters who were just god-awful and unlikable...including Mildred! In fact, later in the film when she thinks the police department has wronged her, she burns down the building and accidentally flames one of the cops! So, no one who is a main character in the film is nice or likable...making this movie a bit of a hard-sell. Too much cussing (even by 2017 standards), very crude language and overall nastiness prevent this one from being a must- see film.

I sincerely hope those awarded for this bland offering have the decency and self assessment ability to realise that their awards are simply the product of a timely release and an accidental, close fit, on a topical subject of women's rights in Holywood whilst actually flying in the face of the 'Black Lives Matter' campaign. So Holywood, what's next year's hot topic, 'Gun Control', well that at least would be useful; maybe 'Election Fixing' for the year after.

There was not one redeeming character in this film based on a true story. The film was littered with foul language, and the ending was neither here nor there.Due to the foul language, I almost turned it off within the first half hour...This is my own view, others will probably think different.

After all the hype I thought this was going to be dead cert awesome watch.Now I'm of the conclusion that anyone spellbound by this film is basically dumb. The thing is they're not - smart friends of mine loved this. So I've come to the conclusion that if you like this film, you must be like, I don't know, naive.I may be judging here, but I feel like some rich white kid made this film. One that is slightly over confident to self critique his own clever writing, and uses lazy assumptions about poor people's lives to make half-glossy patronising stuff that ultimately feels like Mike Leigh and the Coen brothers accidentally ended up in some circle jerk together.If you wanna climb inside a shallow mind and bounce around some lazy film-school tropes for a while, go ahead and immerse yourself in this film.I'm convinced now that the critic world is just some posh art school boys club.The acting was awesome, which is particularly incredible seeing as they had such pompous material to deal with.I feel sorry for the director, tbh.

I went to see this "film" with my father since he heard about how good this "film" is, and I reclutantly went along on Saturday night before the Oscar telecast the following evening.I know who the writer/director is, and he's the Irish playwright behind the cult "vulgar" comedy classic In Bruges, which I liked in spite of its content.However, there is such an idiom as "beating the dead horse," and this "film" is nonsense that tries too hard to be as clever as the Coen brothers in emulation with the familiar murder mystery like that of No Country for Old Men and Fargo. To make it even more grating, the "film" does not cease with the wall to wall vulgarity that includes the repeat use of the most vulgar slang in the English language, which would be tolerable if used once or twice, but abused to such the obnoxious degree that vulgarity detracts from the story of the "film."The director tries too hard to imitate Coen brothers -- including even the lead actress -- with the standard dry humor, but he uses the sledgehammer approach to using as much profanity as the filler, for some lame attempt at drama and comedy.I never chuckled once during the "film," because the sheer amount of vulgarity in dialogues with attempt at some bawdy humor annoyed me. This "film" did prompt a few walkouts with them returning shortly to resume, during the intensely vulgar scenes.I enjoyed the classic films that are peppered with language and some vulgarities, such as Quentin Tarantino's earlier films. But with this "film" with such a long and bizarre title that lends to the mystery, it's long on vulgar ramblings for desperate attempt at cleverness and short on subtleties.Do not bother to see this "film," simply because it's nothing new and revelationary, regardless of acting ensemble and sort-of originality, except essentially aping Coen brothers' theme and style. All that it does is pull some shock humor with vulgar phrasings and some violence for dramatic effects, with a rather lame and tense-less climax that definitely rips off Coen brothers' style by ending it on the abrupt note.If this "film" wins Best Screenplay Oscar, then it should prove that the voters have no taste, that prove them to be as much of a vulgarian as the vintage-Tarantino-wannabe director, who should stick to playwriting rather than make aggravatingly stupider "films" trying to be clever that overemphasizes absolute vulgarity with even less meaning and more irritation, with absolute no point to comprehend. A definitely overrated tripe, courtesy of the dishonest critics that pushed the rating on Rotten Tomatoes for nothing but a farcically pompous and vulgar piece that only test the limit of the audience's tolerance for perfect vulgarity that demonstrate the filmmaking body to be the irrelevant and deplorable.* 1/2

This movie deserves every Oscar nomination and award it got, It's a bold statement about America right now. It's filled with Drama delivered through comedy without falling into parody, it will make you laugh and tear your heart down all thanks to its complex characters and poignant themes such as police brutality, Rape and racism, So it's OK if you find yourself riding a roller coaster of feelings while watching. Those billboards are nothing but a symbol of a belief or a stand that everyone else is against and the movie teaches us to stand for those beliefs and fight for them no matter what's the outcome. It's also a representation of our time as you can see those billboards as tweets too, tweets that made the whole community talking about the case and at the same time taking action. A typical image of social media's era with #metoo hashtags and many more... To conclude, this movie isn't about Mildred finding her daughter's rapist but about her standing up in the face of injustice and standing up for herself but the one thing I would reproach to this beautiful story is the ending that felt cut in the middle and ambiguous yet it doesn't change the fact that it's one of this year's best movies and one of my all-time favorites

This is my first review and it my opinion might be odd for most but they said above "your review" 
So as the oscars nominations cameout yesterday, i like to watch every nominated film which i didnt yet watch and i started with "Three billboards ... " ( such a long title ). 
I started this movie with great expectations due to its 8 nominations. As the movie went on i thought when will they catch the killer 
isnt that the whole point? 
Absolutely not! 
The whole point was in a great scene at the burning police station 
How the contrast was made with a woman burning down a police station and a man listening to music and reading a letter from his deceased partner about how he thought the "antagonist" (at this point) was a good guy and all he needs was to love and how love gives everyone better life and saves him from a fire.
Clearly this wasn't the first time when a character turned from bad to good 
Woody harrleson turned from "going to war" to sending a note to the woman who caused him trouble before death and i think the reason was his cancer spreading.
The advertising agency guy showed compassion to the fired police officer eventhough he was quite angry.
At the scene where they were going to kill the army officer, I felt as if the whole story was showing that the anger always wins but when they started raising doubts 
I was very happy that both of them were getting over their anger I noticed two things that werent "making sense" in the scenario:
1) why did the soldier even go and do that to the old lady 
he doesnt even live there and he is a soldier why would he do that 
2) Why was the soldier scared of fighting a policeman 
he is in the army 
he got some commading office backing him up Sorry i didnt know any name from the movie 
i instantly forget them after being done So that is that 
*Should i delete this shitty review?* 
-Nah-

In Bruges is quite simply one of the finest movies ever made, managing the difficult task of being rip roaringly hilarious and gut-wrenchingly emotional at the same time, often in the same scenes. This is Martin McDonagh's signature and he's held it through every one of his films. I admit I wasn't so much a fan of Seven Psychopaths (comparatively), but I think I just need to see it again. Nonetheless it didn't squander my anticipation for his next filmmaking adventure; Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, which is getting a hell of a lot of Awards attention, and that couldn't make me happier. Three Billboards is quintessential McDonagh; dark, hilarious, emotional, shocking, quotable, filled to the brim with characters that ooze depth and development. It'll have you laughing and crying at the same moment, on the edge of your seat, and wrapped up in the worlds of each individual character and their own personal story.Three Billboards follows the tale of Mildred who seeks justice seven months after her daughter's rape and murder. Angry at the local police department's perceived lack of action on the case, she buys out three billboards outside her home to call out the sheriff and make her stand. It splits the town, between those who support her, and those who are angered by her actions, and those who just get caught up in the middle, like her son, and the advertising company who owns the billboards.Mildred is an enthralling character to watch. On the surface she's an extremely unlikeable person. She's brash, angry, foul-mouthed, and lacks any kind of tact. She's so blinded by her own grief and anger that she can't see the effect her actions are taking on those around her, whether those actions are morally or legally right or not. But she is only one of many interesting characters in this movie. Three Billboards only has one, unseen villain; the rapist/murderer, and no heroes to speak of at all. Every character exists in their own spectrum of grey, from Mildred herself, to the angry, racist cop Dixon, to the dying Chief Willoughby, to the unsure of himself, but morally grounded Red. None of them are quintessentially good, and none of them are quintessentially bad; just normal people reacting in sometimes expected and other times unexpected ways, as people do.I'll skip to the acting now, because that's also such a huge part of these characters. Frances McDormand deserves every accolade she gets over the coming months for her performance as Mildred. In lesser hands Mildred's character could easily have fallen flat, deep in the realms of unsympathetic protagonist, but McDormand takes this woman and makes her so oddly easy to root for. Sam Rockwell is the other standout. I've been singing his praises for years, as he's always the best part of any movie he's in, but as Dixon he's only eclipsed by McDormand. At first a bumbling idiot quick to anger, Rockwell manages to handle the one-eighty with such convincing dignity that it feels natural and real, and that Dixon is still there. He was a smart guy after all, just not very good at communicating. Woody Harrelson is also fantastic as Chief Willoughby, keeping the film firm in it's moral foundations. The supporting cast are all great as well, from Peter Dinklage to John Hawkes to Caleb Landry Jones (who's had a hell of a career so far). The only real weak link is Abbie Cornish who doesn't really know what to do with herself, and whose accent is so bizarrely confusing it's hard to understand where she's meant to be from.But the exceptional character work is only a part of what makes Three Billboards so good. Narratively McDonagh manages to craft a story full of unpredictable turns without convoluting itself with twists, and never feels the need to answer anything (including a plot-cliffhanger of an ending). The way Three Billboards manages to balance dark, serious, violent, and shocking, with funny, silly, and even a dash of slapstick is fantastic, and there's so many moments that completely subvert expectations. One example is an interrogation between Mildred and Willoughby as they play off one another, brought to a halt by a sudden cough of blood, and the tone just shifts with the click of the finger. Mildred goes from smarmy smartass to mothering human being without missing a step. Another is a sudden escalation of domestic argument that results in a knife to the throat, but is quickly interrupted by an injection of humour from someone walking in unexpected and apologising.In lesser hands these shift of tones would feel haphazard and jarring, but McDonagh somehow manages to keep it all tied together. It doesn't matter that a serious interaction is interrupted by humour (and vice versa), because everything shifts so quickly. For every line that makes you laugh ("Penelope said begets?"), there's a line that punches you in the gut ("I hope you get raped too"), and it just adds to the unpredictability of the story. There's never a moment that ends exactly the way you think it will.Three Billboards is definitely a triumph of filmmaking. It's not perfect by any means (Abbie Cornish), but everything it does right, it really does right. Few movies will take you on as much of a rollercoaster as Three Billboards, and fewer still will drive that rollercoaster by characters as deep and interesting as Mildred, Dixon, Willoughby, Red, Robbie, James, and Charlie. The story, the music, the dialogue, the shifts in tone, the acting, the cinematography (that tracking shot, man), it's all fantastic. I give Three Billboards an unquestioning 9/10. What a start to 2018.


I tried to write the summary of this movie for three days and still i have not found the correct words to connect them in order to make a sentence capable of expressing the quality of it. I have written the summary many times and i have erased in every occasion. So i decided to show some dots in the summary. That is the symbol of how excellent the movie is.The plot :The plot is very much uncommon. it has so many facts that it offers you a guessing 2 hour while you goes through the movie. It provides enough backbone to the rest of the element of the movie. It creates a concrete base upon which the movie stands firmly.The mystery :As the movie deals with a murder it contains enough mystery to shake the audiences. Scene after scene all this unpacked. But they have to wait till the end to solve the puzzles.The resistance : The movie is about the resistance of a mother. It starts with the desperate mission of a mother to bring the killers of her daughter to light. Those billboards, the sudden attacks, burgaining against the local authority.. all these are the part of a resistant mother which is also the part and parcel of the movie.Acting :Acting in my view is up to the mark. Frances Mcdormand is exquisite in her role as a mother seeking justice. Others have also come to the party.Direction :This is the characterstics of the movie i was most impressed with. Although the plot and the acting is out of question but it is the director who has the sole credit to connect all this. He has slowly but cleverly unfolded all the sector available. He is good enough to make the movie what it looks like in the projector. He has turned the raw materials to a mature masterpiece.Questions and answers :last of all the main event is the answers of the question that were aroused during the first session of the movie. You have to wait to find the answers. This waiting makes it more attractive.So clearly it is a movie of great quality..a bit older type..but you know old is gold..

Another movie where the plot does all over the place without any rational path.
Most unrealistic and a total waste of time.

All it's about is an angry woman driving around in an old truck cussing everyone she meets out! While the acting can't be criticized because the actors are all excellent and no doubt even praised I found as time went on I'd no idea why Mildred was such an angry mean, potty mouthed to everyone and quite hateful person. Yes her daughter was murdered and that's enough to fill one with emotions but it's not enough to cause anyone to turn hateful towards everyone as she was. It was not possible to invest any emotion in her at all. The movie was ultimately boring and too long. Not a movie I'd recommend. Can't think why anyone would but then perhaps that's why it's been so heavily promoted. Because it's just not good!

The set up and cast was excellent and there were some good lines in the film. But everything in the evolution of the story was contrived.None of the relationships were genuine except maybe the police Chief and his family, but even then there was a lot to be desired.The lead character was in mourning, so I get that her behavior might not be normal, but her behavior was horrible and without any real consequences to her, only to others. Maybe that's life, but everything was framed as though she should be applauded for treating other people horribly.It felt like every event in the film was done to be opposite what you might expect in a film. I would normally be happy that it isn't so formulaic, but it actually was formulaic because it took the formula and quite predictably did the opposite. It got to the point where the writing was just horribly pretentious.I almost gave it more stars because the acting was good, but I just couldn't do it. By the end, you feel like you've wasted your time and feel frustrated watching this movie commit cinema crime instead of solving the crime in the story.This movie tried to force emotions and force genuine situations, but it failed miserably.

Frances McDormand's daughter was raped and murdered, and it seems like no movement has happened on the case in months. Noticing three derelict billboards on a largely unused stretch of road just out of town, she rents them and puts up a personal challenge to local police chief Woody Harrelson. The police department, especially thuggish cop Sam Rockwell, are very unhappy about this turn of events. The town is divided. Harrelson is a popular man, but the department has a history of mistreating the town's less fortunate citizens (particularly the African American population), so many folks like seeing them called to task. This sets up what seems to be a very straightforward "little guy vs authority" story, but McDonagh has a more morally complex story in mind. Harrelson is a dying man, suffering from terminal cancer, and his explanation of why the case has gone nowhere seems quite reasonable. McDormand is suffering from understandable grief, but you learn that some of the grief might stem from a feeling of personal responsibility for the tragedy. Good characters do some really bad things. Bad characters commit horrifically violent actions, but then suffer from violence due to heroically self-sacrificing acts. Besides being a serious meditation on grief and revenge, it's also very darkly comic.

Outstanding work by writer/director Martin McDonagh, in a return to form after the off-kilter "Seven Psychopaths." This is a film about the joint cul-de-sacs of loss and revenge. It is both horrifying and touching, and it is also very funny.McDonagh, a first-rate playwright, knows how to structure scenes and write dialogue. To do him justice, first-rate actors are required. They must love the succulent stew of characters he cooks up, because he catches the very best. I can't find enough superlatives for Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. They are, here as in everything they've ever been in, great. They are ably supported by Woody Harrelson, Caleb Landry Jones, Clarke Peters, Sandy Martin, Lucas Hedges, John Hawkes, Amanda Warren. The only weak link in this superb ensemble is Abbie Cornish, who is warm and smiley but is unfortunately out of her depth: a very odd piece of casting.Cinematography, production design, costume, editing, music - they're all top of the range. But in the end it's down to McDormand and Rockwell, and the brilliant script.

A summary to save reading the full review:
A film with many subplots and setups that go nowhere, so much so that at the end if felt like a pilot episode for a TV series. Contrived jokes, most of the characters are idiots and everyone is seemingly able to commit serious crimes and get away with it.Brimming with unlikeable characters, the first hour of this film just annoyed me because it felt like every character was an idiot. Some were deliberate idiots (like Rockwell's character), some were accidental idiots - like Harrelson's character for example, who retained the racist, homophobic, unintelligent and aggressive, bullying Rockwell on his police force. Harrelson's character also commits an unexplainable act half way in. And no, his justifications did not make sense of it. It was, it seemed to me, a contrived effort to effect 'change' in the story and its characters. Tacky at best. Tsch!There were many more idiots and many more idiotic behaviours from characters who otherwise seemed 'normal' up to that point. Like the kid of McDormand. How old was he? 17? In a rather ridiculous breakfast scene he gets milk and cereal all over his head and when his wife-beating father turns up he giggles like a schoolgirl and goes dashing out of the house like a puppy, with said detritus all over his head. Was this idiotic behaviour supposed to be funny? It's a rather contrived joke isn't it? But hang on, then when his dad turns a bit aggressive, puppy dog turns superhero, bounding like a ninja and deftly swiping a knife which he then places around his father's neck. Yeah, whatever. One second he's "yay, yay, daddy", the next he's got a knife against his neck.This film is full of those contrived jokes ( as in the cereal-on-head one mentioned above). Rather pathetically and in what I would call a very low form of humour, several 'jokes' rely on idiotic behaviour by young women who are portrayed as being brainless imbeciles ("I learnt that phrase from a book I read about polio. Is it called polio? That game with horses?") There are few young women in this film but they are all portrayed in this manner, i.e. they're morons. Has the writer/director got a problem with young women?A film full of idiots is not necessarily a bad thing. I like Naked Gun. But put the idiots from Naked Gun into a 'serious' setting and it just doesn't work. The characters in this film aren't likeable or realistic idiots, they are either just vile or behave stupidly for comedy value. And that's pretty low brow humour. What you end up with is a bizarre mix of the serious and the stupid and it just doesn't work. Yes you can have black humour in serious films. Sometimes it can be unsettling, sometimes it can bring much needed tension relief. But in this film the comedy element is off and it just doesn't work.I found the first hour of the film unbearable. The last 45 minutes improved BUT only because it seemed like it was finally going somewhere and then...it didn't. Subplots came and went, as did characters who at first seemed significant then do little after a key scene (for example, the new Sheriff who replaces Woody Harrelson. He comes in bold as brass, kicks a few asses, gives you the impression things are about to happen in the film and then he practically disappears for the rest of it, popping up here and there in minor scenes!)Also annoying was the ludicrous ability for all characters to commit serious crimes and yet not get arrested. Rockwell beats up a guy and throws him out of a first-story window onto a main road, in broad daylight and directly opposite the police station AND observed by the new Sheriff. McDormand torches the police station and beats up high school kids. Her ex-husband burns down the billboards referred to in the title. No one gets done for anything. It's daft.At the end I really felt like I'd just watched a pilot episode to a TV show (one where most of the characters are unlikeable imbeciles and everyone is above the law BTW). It set up many things to be explored and then didn't explore them.Weird.

Was looking forward to this movie for a while. I have always liked Woody Harrelson and Frances McDormand but Sam Rockwell was a shining star, and Caleb Jones was a pleasant surprise.As far the content and storyline?Trash the following groups:Police officers
Catholic priests and the Catholic religion
War veterans, military menPretty much every tired movie coming out of Hollywood.Pretty much brainwashed with nothing truthful or creative to say.I was mad watching this. I try once again to watch a Hollywood film, and once again it's garbage. We need fresh blood.

This is movie is so overrated it bothers me. How did we get to this point as a society where this is "one of the best movies of the year"?Please don't pay to watch this movie if you haven't already. It was worth watching to realize how far we are off right now as a society.This is not the brilliant dark comedy that everyone wants it to be.

Director Martin McDonagh has impressed beyond measure in the past. "In Bruges" is a film that perfectly blends the dark, the hilarious, the perverse, and the utterly, utterly depressing.Going into "Three Billboards" I had high expectations, and I don't know if that coloured my final opinion or not, but all in all, I found it to be lukewarm at best. While there were impressive aspects of the film such as some beautiful shots, outstanding acting from Sam Rockwell, Peter Dinklage, and many, many of the side characters, and brilliant writing, at its core "Three Billboards" is missing something which can be summarised in three points.1. The DaughterThe core conflict of "Three Billboards" is that of Frances McDormand standing against the negligent police of Ebbing. The conflict is rooted in their inability to solve the rape and murder of her daughter. From the get go you are behind McDormand. There is no two ways about it. However, I found the impact of her plight diminished greatly as the film went on and on. Two moments that define that. One: The sole flashback to her and the daughter fighting, and Two: The death of Chief Willoughby. By only having one flashback I found it hard to connect with how important this fight was to McDormand. We didn't see her with her daughter, it's almost as though her daughter wasn't relevant and it was more of a criticism of negligent police in America. The death of Willoughby stalled the conflict in a major way in that when McDormand and Willoughby were in the same room, it felt like a battle between superpowers. The man who caused all this pain, and the woman who can't stand the pain anymore. They had chemistry, intensity, and both were understandable in their stances. Once Willoughby died, McDormand was forced to direct her anger onto Sam Rockwell's character, who did not have the same impact on the plot as Willoughby. His story was compelling all on its own. To put it simply, the conflict was dampened by a lack of context and the killing off of a core character with whom the tension was most palpable.2: It got lostAs previously mentioned Willoughby's death ended the most compelling conflict in the film. From that moment on, it becomes less about McDormand's daughter and her retribution, and more about how McDormand is affecting the town itself, which would be fine if the first act had framed it that way. All throughout the first act McDormand's struggle is at the forefront, she fights for justice and it's compelling, you feel her pain, you understand her. Once it turns to throwing molotovs and dating Peter Dinklage I can't help but feel that the direction of everything act 1 set up is tossed out the window (pun intended). Other characters are placed in the spotlight and because of that, McDormand's story is lost and we're left with what feels like an elongated episode of "Three Billboards: The Series". 3: The CGI DeerThis isn't a big complaint, but that deer killed that entire scene. The Ring 2 somehow managed to have CGI deer that were more tangible than that bizarre effect.3: McDormand and her characterFrances McDormand is a brilliant actress. There's a reason she is so well respected, admired, and placed on the pedestal that she stands on. As a person, I admire her, and her speech after receiving Best Actress was one that will be remembered.
All that said, her performance in "Three Billboards" was one of the most stale, unmoving, uninteresting performances I have seen. A stern glare can only work in so many scenes before it loses its shine, and "Three Billboards" had too many of those scenes. Her character's motivation was simple, and it's easy to get behind, but by the end of the film, her character has not changed. She is still the same stone faced woman that stared down the advertising salesman at the start of the film. Her story has not progressed, she has not gained or lost anything over the course of the film. Her actions appear to have no consequences in relation to her. Her billboards are set alight, but before long they're put back up. She can't pay for the billboards, so someone else pays for them. She throws molotov cocktails at the police station and she serves no time. Her actions have no tangible consequences and that only works to her detriment."Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" could have been so much better. Aside from the three aspects I discussed above, I enjoyed what the film had to do. Caleb Landry Jones was wonderful as the advertising salesman and his arc in relation to Sam Rockwell's character was one of my favourite things in the film. Peter Dinklage was one of the funniest characters in the entire film. McDormand's ex-husband and his new girlfriend had some brilliant scenes, both dark and comic which started to come close to what "In Bruges" had done, it just never reached those heights and was dragged down by questionable choices in storytelling and character development.4/10

Cannot understand how Sam rockwell received an oscar for this, I know no one is taking oscars serious anymore but still he is wooden and can't act to save his life. Coming to the story, this is a poor film with an idea that the director thinks is greatest ever, not. The storyline is weak and inconclusive and it does not even know where it was going. Don't bother watching this and waste your time please!

I had a suspicion this movie wouldn't be that good whenI saw the opening scene that was supposed to be set in Missouri, when there were mountains in the background of a height that don't exist there. I waited until the end of the credits, and discovered that the movie was filmed in the Great Smoky mountains of North Carolina. That's a pet peeve of mine: movies where the locale is essential, or at least important, to the plot, but where they're shot hundreds of miles away, usually because of nice tax write offs for filming in a certain state or country. I can sum up this piece of crap with: 
it contains the foulest language I've ever seen in a movie - - language that was not just unnecessary, but absurd in terms of how people talk to each other; the plot is so improbable so as to be laughable; the acting was any thing but good, except for Woody Harrelson's. Hollywood liked the movie because it took swings at white, small-town America and its citizens - - read Trump voters. Don't go see--or don't rent or buy-- this piece of junk if you haven't already.

I cannot understand how a movie with numerous plot holes and a non ending could be so acclaimed. From the beginning we learn Mildred is determined to find justice and won't let the police rest until they do their job. The chief explains that there is absolutely zero evidence to follow up on, no witnesses, no forensics, nothing. So we should expect Mildred to say, "well if you won't follow up, I will" and take on the case herself, right. Because she's so distraught and determined. Nope. She just keeps poking him with a stick saying "solved it yet chief?" 
And why exactly does the guy come in the store, harass Mildred, and almost confess? He had nothing to do with it and isn't even from there. We learn nothing about the character to explain that. 
And of course the case isn't solved. You can assault high schoolers, throw people out a window and punch witnesses in the face, attack a dentist, burn down the police station and nobody gets arrested. How could they solved a cold case? 
And oh yeah, they actually did have forensics the whole time. That's how they cleared the random guy who had nothing to do with it but repeatedly bragged about doing it.

Wow, the citizens of Missouri should be really offended by this movie. This is an Oscar contender? You're kidding right? Seems like it wants to be a Fargo wanna be............ Only redeemable about the movie is Frances Mcdormand and Woody Harrelson.

Great performance and deep scenes !
Frances did a really wonderful job !
but I have one question :
the rapist that Dixon met at the bar wasn't the one who raped Angela ?
if he wasn't, then why did Dixon and Mildred travel to kill him ?

I came in thinking it would be some sort of interesting whodunnit with an actual coherent plotline & that we'd get to the bottom of the murder of McDormand's daughter. Instead we're taken on this bizarre, tedious journey into the lives of the residents of a small town in Missouri. The deputy sheriff hates McDormand, then he's a racist, then he's not, then he's throwing a guy out a window. People are getting seriously assaulted and injured left right & centre but in Epping that hardly even raises an eyebrow from the local police. Some of the dialogue is frankly nuts, particularly the sequence where Woody Harrelson and his wife discuss Oscar Wilde & penises. At that stage I was looking at my watch and just hoping it would end soon. The only real noteworthy performance is from Rockwell but even his performance just does not fit in well with the overall aimless direction of the plot. Really disappointed after reading the reviews and seeing it nominated for all these awards.

With Disney Buying Fox its going to be the end of films like this. That's sad because in 40 years people will still be talking about this film but will they still be talking about "Pirates of the Caribbean 5"? I Doubt it. In this film a woman's daughter was murdered. After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police.Tensions run high and the suspects are all over the place. To give more away would be a crime. Trust me this film is original. Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, & Sam Rockwell prove once again that they are three of the best actors working today. Frances & Sam should make room on their trophy case! What a wonderful film.

In most crime cases, there are not just two, but many sides to the story. Let's say a thief was caught steeling someone's wallet. The victim and the police would agree that what he did was wrong and was damaging to the owner. The thief, in return, may say that he's dirt broke with a starving child and only needed a few extra dollars for some food. Are any of these people in the wrong? Yes and no. It all depends on the people and what it is their doing. A stolen wallet case is a simple wrongdoing, but what about an emotional scaring murder?In the case of a movie like Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, we get the case of a death of a teenager, and yet the scene was so clean that the authorities are hard pressed to even go after any suspects. So her mother decides to take action. Now what she does paints one picture about how the response has been. yet we do get another side about the complications about following the rules and not wanting to make false assumptions. So let's see how Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri looks at it's though situation.Single mother Mildred (played by Francis McDormand) is grieving over the loss of her teenage daughter Angela who was killed, raped, and burned. The local authorities have been investigating to find the culprits, but have yet to find any good leads. Having run out of patience, Mildred rents three billboards on a rural road with each one saying "RAPED WHILE DYING", "AND STILL NO ARRESTS", and "HOW COME, CHIEF WILLOUGHBY?". This draws immediate attention from the locals whose reaction is quite negative. Mildred's son Robbie (played by Lucas Hedges) doesn't like the attention, her ex husband Charlie (played by John Hawkes) is furious, and the majority of the town sides with the chief.Chief Willoughby (played by Woody Harrelson) is sympathetic to Mildred's frustration and even talks with her about his complications and how he's suffering from pancreatic cancer (the reason the town is siding with him). She nevertheless keeps the billboards going, which only make town folk even angrier. She and her son are harassed and she even attacks her dentist when things get violent. It doesn't help that fellow officer Dixon (played by Sam Rockwell) is high tempered, not that bright, and takes the billboards as a personal insult. I find it amazing that Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri was not based on any incident and is an original story. It feels like something that could have happened, because of the characters involved. It would have been easy to make this story a corrupt police and show Mildred as a hero, but like that TV show Game of Thrones, almost everyone here is within a gray area. Including Mildred and Chief Willoughby, they have their strength, but heavy flaws that don't just affect the case, but their own lives. This is another example of a character study.Because this is a movie that relies on it's characters, the actors are phenomenal. Francis McDormand plays a woman who had already had life beaten her down, but with that extra death on her conscience, makes her a storm cloud of angst. She carries a lot of stress, but also seems to believe she has nothing more to lose. Sam Rockwell plays a different kind of...stupid that you don't see too often. He's in his own lazy bubble with the concept that as long as things stay status quo, then he'll be fine. As the movie goes further, you see everything he understands falls apart and what that does to his personality.I'll give this ten red billboards out of ten. Sorry that the review is short, but there's a lot in this movie I cannot give away. It's an engaging story that's not even much of a mystery. It's a character-driven drama at heart and knows how their actions will dictate the plot. Go see Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, and understand why even with all sides of the story on the table, it's hard to tell whose right.

Not that good. Just because you see a "Wazneack" label, or collectively known as the "Wachowskis" since now are both trans women, or misfit acting using an odd hand gesture, or 'energy" style in performing (and performing they certainly are spotted as doing)... it must be avant garde and chic. Therefore, must watch and agree is good (don't want to speak otherwise...may be thought of as "un-chic" if tell the real reaction).Let's not be "co-dependent" here. I'm not going to be fooled into believing something that isn't any more. Trendy because someone said so (?) Someone who doesn't know the reality from Hollywood perception?
Propagated receptions at Hollywood hotels dulls the sensibility to speak out. Forget stylish acceptance and anxiety to not be included. Rubbish is not art. I don't care how many unconscious Rodeo Drive models say so, or how many olive branch cladded comments are bought (oops, I mean...won) and placed on the cover jacket.

I watched this movie during the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) after it had won the Grolsch People's Choice Award. I already had high hopes for this movie and it definitely did not disappoint! Concept of the movie seems pretty easy to understand: Mildred Hayes (played by Frances McDormand) is still grieving the loss of her murdered daughter and challenges the local sheriff's (Woody Harrelson) inability to find her killer. From watching the trailer I was a little unsure if this was going to be a drama or a comedy, but turns out it was both, or more accurately a dark comedy. The first few minutes of the movie really set the tone for keeping you interested in the dramatic core, maintaining the humour in events as they unfold. Not only are the characters perfectly cast individually (example my fav Sam Rockwell as Officer Jason Dixon), but the writing of the entire script makes it so easy to enjoy this entire movie. Writer/Director Martin McDonagh deserves a high five for this accomplishment!

Sure, it was funny. Should've it been?Could you watch an incredibly tense and sad movie about a school shooting and wonder why they didn't add more humor to it?This movie somehow wanted to be Fargo, but so much more serious. It had the crimes - so many, MANY crimes - and yet, the guilty seemingly kept getting away with literal murder, but since it was "justified," it was okay.Yeah, I laughed out loud and agreed with a lot of the protagonist's monologues, but that doesn't make what we see on screen okay. Nor does it make the incredibly annoying dipshit deputies' actions okay.Basically, a broken mother's daughter is brutalized and killed which follows an inept and racist police force to do nothing. So, she takes Death Wish matters into her own hands and all-but makes a comedy out of the serious situation. This very much felt like a Coen brothers' feature, except the blend of real and slapstick did not work. I could be in near tears for the tragedies displayed or the GOTCHA! moments and instead of easing into a spoof-like comedy bit, it just hit me like a two by four. I think it would've worked so much better if it chose which movie it wanted to be: screwball comedy or serious drama.That all said, again, it was absolutely hilarious in moments and really heartbreaking in others. I guess if you wanted to see horrifying tragedies with out-of-place hilarity, this is the Best Pic Nom for you.***Final thoughts: As for the Oscars, it's a no for Best Pic from me, a BIG NO for Sam Rockwell, a maybe for Woody Harrelson and screenplay and a pretty big YES for Frances McDormand who is, by far, the best aspect of this movie.

Very rarely will you find a non-Hollywood big blockbuster production that is such a winner as this film. The screenplay/writing, directing and acting were all outstanding. The casting was perfect. It's a story very well told and played out. Even the dialogue for each character contributes to the success of this film. This is not my typical type of movie that I look forward to seeing, as I'm more of an action fan, but this one was a hit for me. It's a well deserved 9/10 from me!

What a crap ending of what could have been a great movie.
2 hours wasted.

I apologize to everyone who loved this dark, depressing piece of trash. I watched In Bruges and was entertained. There was nothing, I repeat, nothing entertaining about this tragic story from a man who hates America and Southerners in particular. It contains every disgusting caricature of ignorant people from the guilt-ridden mother, to the racist deputy and vitually every other character who speaks.I lasted until the Stable Scene and turned it off. Perhaps there was an interlude of dark humor past this scene. I'll never know.PS
I didn't like The Shape of Water either.

No really likeable characters and too many cliche scenarios.
A shame that Sam Rockwell was in it.

The movie itself, as well as the reviews make it seem like we are watching a heroic mother fighting to get justice. This is not even remotely the case. Our protagonist is a reprehensible creature, who is so absurdly selfish and plainly disgusting, that she won't stop at anything to somehow sate her feeling of guilt. This is not about justice, or even about revenge, her motivation is purely selfish. Therefore, the entire point of this movie is watching a horrible person, as well as a terrible mother, attempt to lie to herself and try to blame someone else.The acting, especially from Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson, was really good though. I absolutely hated Frances Mcdormand's character, so if that was indeed her reaction (though I doubt it), then she was great as well.

I just saw this movie, and I found it remarkable. Yes, there is some very fine acting in it, which I will leave to others to praise. What I found remarkable here was the script, not the dialogues so much as the plot development. There are several surprise developments, twists and turns that catch you - or at least me - of your guard. But they never struck me as forced, they always made sense within the context of what had come before. The lead characters were allowed a complexity that I appreciated.There was one thing that left me perplexed: deputy Dixon's change of character near the end, when he decides to help the main character find her daughter's sadistic killer. Yes, I know that he is affected by the late sheriff's letter to him - did the sheriff really write all those letters before committing suicide? - but that didn't seem enough to me. I was amazed that, when Dixon finally sees the fire engulfing the police station, the one thing he wants to save is the file regarding the daughter's murder case.I'd be curious to hear how others reacted to this.

McDormand is undeniably a master of her craft and this film is a twisted, funny, thought-provoking canvas through which she deftly showcases her abilities. I can understand why this film might not be for everyone but if you can handle the full-throttle anger and violence of McDormand's heartbroken character, and the grey moral compass of the supporting cast of characters, you will appreciate the depth and intelligence and complexity of this wonderful, original film.

There is something about this film that I really love but I can't point out.The acting? Frances McDormand is a wonderful and a compelling actress and man I got won over by Sam Rockwell's convincing acting which got me love-hate him. And poor me, I didn't even know who they were before this one.Perhaps the senseless direction of the plot and the underdeveloped characters? If you really think about it, the story was going nowhere. All you got a bunch of characters who never seem to get what they want. We got characters that fight their own battles. A mother who seeks justice for her child, a cop who still lives with his domineering mother, a chief who is pressured to finish an unresolved case knowing that he is dying, and bunch of other ideas of a character that seem to show up and disappear. Maybe everything about this film fit perfectly for me. The screenplay, the direction and cinematography, the overall production.Should I get mad that the film failed to highlight the struggles of minorities? That there are misogynistic and racist characters? Am I stupid if I say no?Reality is, people are racist, the justice system is flawed, grief makes people do crazy things, hate is everywhere, love always gives and doesn't demand, some families are dysfunctional, forgiveness is not everything, and answers aren't always available no matter how we demand it. This movie is a reflection of these things. People are flawed and we all go through hard times and we fight different battles and despite this, there is a glimmer of goodness within us.Not everything has to be politically correct to be sensible. At the very least, shoving political correctness up on everybody's asses is preposterous at a time like this in my honest opinion.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriSurprisingly, the music is amazing in it, all the tracks are perfect and encourages each and every scene especially when the billboards are burned down, there are couple other scenes too but don't wanna spoil it. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri has the perfect balance of character driven movie and script driven movie and addition to this, an unpredictable one. Martin McDonagh; the writer-director, brings out something new in this genre that has never been witnessed, he plays with his characters and tracks like he is juggling and even his short characters too will make you feel for them (Peter Dinklage and Caleb Landry Jones) which shows the range of the characters and the actors. Frances McDormand oozes power like never before; she is brutal, arrogant, sometimes wrong and surprisingly funny. Woody Harrelson is straight out stunning in it but the real trump card is Sam Rockwell; he almost has a parallel role to Frances and he justifies his presence till the last frame. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri stands out alone in its genre for its unpredictable script, brutal characters and amusing conversations.

Now that I have your attention... Writing and directing one's own movie has always been a dangerous undertaking with often fatal consequences, but one which can never work (I thought we'd learned this lesson) unless the auteur is brutally honest and objective about his vision, and takes her creative and professional ego out back and shoots it in the head. The undertaking has brought down even titans and more than a few teenie titans: Welles, Cimino and Kostner, to single out but a few who come speedily to mind. And not even those two wunderbrüder the Coens have the stones to go it alone. The writer/director of 3 Billboards takes his place among the former with this film.  I hate to be a buzz killer, but did you guys see the same movie I did? 3 Billboards should be requisite study in every legitimate and phony film school across America for its shameless, self-indulgent display of virtually every pitfall a writer/director can fall into and break his neck. This is the movie you end up with when a writer/director (W/D) falls in love with every word he scrawls and any masturbatory idea that occurs to him and his libidinous muse on the set. A confused, confusing and, at times, downright silly mishmash of tones: variously dramatic or melodramatic amid flights of low and high comic relief, with infuriating moments of satire and farce (throw enough darts, something'll stick), all the while daring our hearts to remain in a solid state after every full-term, pregnant pause. Maddeningly slow paced and often ah-c'mon-improbable, including its longed-for, but much-delayed "are-you-frikkin'-kiddin'-me" ending. A two-hour-plus flip of the bird in the face of the Unities, no sin in itself, to be sure, but before you break artistic rules, learn why they were made in the first place. As a result, this is a movie written and directed by one delusional person that looks like it had two directors, at least, and a committee of writers, each with a different take on, and a bunch of kool, unrelated cinematic ideas for, three related/unrelated stories. I'd love to know what the Coens think of this movie. Were they on the floor howling or on their knees begging him to let them re-cut the film? And what really got me was that every few minutes there were scenes nearing perfection: the first 20 minutes; that riveting scene with Frances and Woody on the yard swing; Woody and his wife at the fateful paddock. (Hey, W/D, why's his wife foreign-born? What was that about? Another inspired distraction that amounts to zip? Oh...diversity...ah-huh...yes...lots of diversity in MO) He did let one moment slip by, though, when younger cop, with shotgun in hand and light bulbs of self-awareness and self-actualization going off all around him, takes leave of his repulsive sloth...sorry...dozing mother. I was praying for a predictable, albeit unedited, confession of guilt, replete with flashbacks and a dream ballet, followed by a graphic murder/suicide and a quick wrap-up. No such luck. W/D has a real thing for red herrings.  People spend a whole lot of time saying goodbye in this movie or staring blankly, but bravely, into a vague, unforeseeable future or backwards into murky pasts fraught with anger and regret. Sometime close to that illusive ending, I began to fear an intermission was looming and that two more hours of pickled herring were in store for me. My restless leg syndrome was kicking up, I had to piss and, although I don't smoke, I needed a cigarette bad. Frances was saying goodbye to the younger cop (I know, you all know that actor's name except me)....let's say the cop's name was Wilbur. The screenplay goes something like this...again and again and again... Younger cop Wilbur heads for door. Frances, CU in profile, lest her face betray a widening crack in her grief-fueled temporary insanity, stops him with: FRANCES: Wilbur... Wilbur halts at door. He turns. He is pulled into focus and Frances goes fuzzy. (I'm thinking,"I couldn't have see this movie already...") The emotional difficulty for both of them at this moment is palpable. A silence falls. ("...maybe I need to #2") 
 WILBUR: Yeah?This is more difficult than she thought. She pauses to swallow 
her courage and gather her pride. (An eighteen-wheeler passes) FRANCES (back in focus); a Chekhovian Pause (The Six-Oh-Eight thunders by), then: Thanks... Wilbur stares at this remarkable, yet maddening, woman in silence for a while, (Just how much is a pack of Reds these days?) then slowly turns and exits. Slowly.  Slow dissolve.I wanted to scream out the lines! It takes one cotton-pickin' second to say WilburYeahThanks. Not fifteen. Unless you have an unnatural relationship with your own screenplay. Once upon a time, there was a director who used to say that pauses were expensive and had to be spent carefully. They don't accomplish what amateurs think they do. They ruin pace, insult the audience and are probably the tritest signal of cheap sentimentality. Frances, thank you thank you for your clipped delivery of that ridiculous monologue about the Crips and the Bloods. And please say you refused to memorize it. I hope they put that extended-till-it-snapped metaphor on a Teleprompter for you.  Supporting roles: OK, I'm going to be nice and not mention any names which I won't remember anyway, because I bet a lot of inexperienced actors are thinking this was their big break, and, given our current atmosphere of Trump-era credulity, it just might be, but, like my old friend Harry Pebbel told me...oh, God...years and years ago, "For nothing, you get nothing." There are a dozen amateur performances in this movie reflecting a tight acting budget beyond its stars: raw, unrehearsed young actors and day players, struggling with stagy, didactic or overstated lines of bumpy dialogue and incongruous comedy.  But wait! Along comes another supporting player, the new Police Chief. A black man. Good choice. Nice touch of irony within the context of the film and maybe the kick in the ass this crashing bore needs. But then the guy opened his mouth...  Now, it is unquestionably possible for anyone with an ear to learn to speak Eastern Standard English. That's the dialect American stage actors are, or used to be, required to learn. I believe it only survives indigenously in an island of territory somewhere around the border of New York and Connecticut. I do not doubt that black Americans have grown up in that area and could have chosen to assimilate that style of speech. But. I'll bet the ranch that not one of them has ever aspired to the position of Chief of Police of a backwater Missouri burg. This was a directorial choice (it's not an acting one) that, though perhaps cheered by guilt-ridden Hollywood revisionists and other champions of Fake News (Fake News/Fake Messages: same difference), was utterly improbable and downright laughable. In fact, I did laugh. Sidney Poitier had or often used (dunno which) a very distinctive dialect more than 60 years ago. It was erudite, cultured and completely comprehensible (unlike many of the actors in this flick, especially Younger Cop). It was also unabashedly African-American. In In The Heat Of The Night, though he sounded like he could very well have been to college, he, most assuredly, did not sound like he went to Yale School of Drama, but abandoned the theater for a career in Public Safety.  The leads: I bet this looked like a great idea on paper, and presuming pitiless cuts, massive rewrites and objective editing, it's easy to see how Frances and Woody were attracted to the project early on. Woody looks and sounds great, a real imposing and contrasting presence in a movie brimming with homely people. Frances McDormand is a national treasure. She is never bad. A movie may be, but she cannot be, because of the roles she chooses and the richness of her characterizations. She is, and will remain forever, original, engaging and intriguing, like Geraldine Page, Judi Dench, Bette Davis and a few other fortunates whom the Hollywood Powers-That-Be never tried (or failed) to turn into glamor pusses. But an Oscar for this mess? No. Not even though I would have walked out after one hour of abuse, if I hadn't, as per usual, been mesmerized by the way this actor fleshes-out, internalizes, communicates and believes in her characters. No, not even though I'm still haunted by the chilling lack of conscience and humanity in her Undead eyes. Other more worthy and Oscar-worthy movies are, doubtless, in the cards for her. If she does win, I'll content myself with the idea that she won the sympathy vote for not walking out in mid-production, claiming health issues. Or maybe they had money in the thing. Whatever. Younger Cop? Sorry, I thought he really blew until the last half hour when his character grew a set and/or that other director, maybe, took over.  This movie tries to tell three little stories simultaneously (Yeah, yeah, I get it: three billboards, three stories), pretty much succeeds with one (I'll let you decide which) and conflates the other two to near absurdity. But I thought the sound track was first rate.

This was a choppy film so I will give my opinions in a choppy format. 
Frances McDormand is Mildred whose daughter was raped and murdered 7 months earlier. She is the Five Stages of Grief writ large. She is angry, in denial, feels guilty, etc, etc. She excels in the role but I felt the character was too much like her famous role in Fargo. I didn't feel that she had to start from scratch in creating the persona of Mildred; it just wasn't that much of a reach.Woody Harrelson plays the police chief and again surprises me at how good an actor he can be. There wasn't much of a development arc here but he still was fun to watch. He reminded me of Andy Griffith; a good hearted sheriff surrounded by lesser men and who had more going on upstairs than he let on. Sam Rockwell was very good. I honestly did not realize it was him playing the drunk, racist cop until the credits rolled. Music. Sucked. OK I just don't like country music as a soundtrack, especially when sung by angst ridden women. This isn't really a movie, it's a series of scenes that somewhat flow from one to another. It's a Coen brothers movie under a different name. What's good? The casting and the writing. What's lacking? Coherence and a plot. Too many loose strings and "whatha?"

I cannot understand why the reviews are so good. Yes, the acting is very solid. Woody is his usual good, interesting and funny self. Both Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell are good too. The story is unique too. So it drew me in. And then this is what killed it for me. There is NO ending whatsoever! Nada! Boo!

Three Billboards is equal parts heartbreaking and hilarious. The screenplay moves seamlessly between gut wrenching moments of human weakness and suffering to perfectly timed dark comedy. Frances Mcdormand leads an air tight cast playing a woman who would do anything to have her story told, every moment of her performance feels real and she captures the vulnerability of the character brilliantly. Woody Harrelson is extremely likeable throughout the film in one of his most engaging roles to date and Sam Rockwell completely transforms into a racist, brutal and incredibly stupid cop nailing both the humour and unexpected heart behind the character. The cast is by far the best thing about this movie and it is well worth checking out just to see these amazing actors take on a really great script.

I stopped watching this movie with about 20 minutes remaining; it was that bad. The phenominal cast could not make me look past the absurd storyline and unlikable (unbelievable) characters. As a long-time fan of Frances McDormand, I cannot see how she won Awards playing this person.

I like Frances McDormands acting and I was very curious about this movie. I read that the category this is a black comedy . I found this to not be comical at all. I was quite dark indeed.I was glad that it was on my cables free weekend. I hung in there till the end but it wasn't easy .

I guess I missed the part where this was entrainment, an Oscar winning movie, give me a break, not even close

I ignored multiple things on the pretext that it was all supposed to fit within two hours and hence kept out; Dixon's character development, conflicts in Mildred's character - worldly wise, tough, struggling with money and pays too much for run down billboards just like that? Dixon and Welby end up in the same room?
But one big question that threw me off. This strange guy talks about a similar incident, Dixon retrieves DNA smartly but he wasn't even in the country. Why then did he pay Mildred a visit earlier? WHY? Makes no sense!
I love the actors and the acting. But disappointed. Surprised this got as acclaimed as it did.

This movie is bad on so many levels that I don't know even where to start, specially in this set up with the rating of 8.2 in imdb which shows also about nowadays standards of quality appreciation. 
A mass produced copy of another meaningless hollywood movie, the americans trying relentlessly to prove to the world that they do/still have some kind of character and that being a redneck is a cool thing, the good thing that at least outside of America people do not really buy it, the bad news is that most of the americans do, which is even worst, due to the fact the americans choice making is being scripted by Hollywood for ages already anyway, now it's going to get even worse thanks to this ridiculous trashy movie, if in the past it looked like at least there is some kind of quality supervision in hollywood, what one can say after watching this trash is that there is definitely no more.

There is so much pent-up rage over the handling of rape, and police behavior in general, that I think Frances McDormand's character in this film really struck a chord with people. She's on a crusade for her daughter who was raped and killed, and yet no progress has been made in the investigation. She doesn't care who she offends, she won't be intimidated into silence, and she'll stand up for herself in some violent ways. In an interesting twist, the police chief (Woody Harrelson) has pancreatic cancer, so aside from being called out on his investigation, he's dealing with that. The scene McDormand and Harrelson have in an interrogation room, and a specific moment of that is easily the film's best. Harrelson provides a voice of wisdom in the film, and the three letters he pens are also quite touching. There is humor as well, in just how boneheaded one of the policemen (Sam Rockewell) is, and the gem of a moment when Peter Dinklage, otherwise largely wasted, utters the line "Penelope said 'begets'?", in a subtle burn of the 19-year-old now dating McDormand's ex-husband.The film started strong, but along the way started losing me. It suffers artistically from a lack of restraint, and everything seems exaggerated. The profanity. The characters, who start becoming cartoonish. The level of violence. The coincidences. It seems to me that McDonagh's writing is a real issue here. Her last words to her daughter were "I hope you get raped," really? To leave that in the script is egregiously bad, and an insult to the viewer's intelligence. The Molotov cocktails, really? The guy being in the station to begin with, and of course wearing ear buds, really? A man thrown out of a window, and no arrest, really? And on and on, until an ending which is pretty awful if you think about it. It's just tough to appreciate the message of the film or its cast in light of all this. It was entertaining to watch, but in my humble opinion, not worthy of all the acclaim.

This movie was soooo bad. Unrealistic characters, unrealistic motives, and unrealistic story. The cast was a weak cast to start with, besides Woody. Then they kill him off half way through, instantly making the audience lose interest since he was the only likeable character.
 
You can't even like the grieving mother since her way of dealing with her daughters murder is by committing felony after felony, and being an asshole to people who didn't deserve it. Overall, terrible movie with no glimpse of happiness or realism. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME.

Beautifully filmed, but the plot is a joke. The poor woman and the black cop against the racist American town with the corrupt bigoted cops. I'm not American, this ideology based style just looks silly. Fake profundity targeting the leftist audience.

The dialogue was completely cringeworthy! 
No character development. Amateurish Score that's totally distracting. Unrealistic storyline, characters and a sad attempt at a racial subplot. I only gave it a 3 because Frances Mcdormand is great in everything.

The movie have some big logical flaws, which I can't get over, it's like they are living in the medieval age where there are no laws whatsoever. The ending was also so disappointing, leaving it open being such a non-sense,

I'm not sure if the hype around that movie sucked the fun out of it, but, it really lacked the story and character development an excellent movie oughts to have.

Mrs. Shullivan and I liked the film but neither of us felt it was a memorable film that was deserving of receiving six (6) Oscar nominations. Three Billboards also won two (2) Oscars for best actress in a leading role (Frances McDormand) and best supporting actor (Sam Rockwell) . Personally I thought Woody Harrelson who also received a nomination for best supporting actor was deserving more of the Oscar than his fellow co-star Sam Rockwell.I do not want to second guess the Oscar voters but Frances McDormand in my opinion was just playing herself in this film. If you don't believe me watch the film and then google her Oscar acceptance speech and then tell me if you do not agree that Frances McDormand's acceptance speech is exactly the feisty character portrayal of Mildred in Three Billboards. I felt Sally Hawkins performance as the mute cleaning lady on The Shape of Water was far more difficult to portray on screen than Mildred in Three Billboards.Three Billboards supporting cast also included some great talents wasted in peripheral meaningless roles such as actors Darrell Britt-Gibson, Lucas Hedges, Amanda Warren, Zeljko Ivanek and especially John Hawkes. The story line of a distraught mother who wants her daughter's rapist/murderer brought to justice and how she goes about pressuring the town Sheriff Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) to not only do his job, but his deputies as well. Lastly, I felt the ending was aborted purposely to allow for a sequel and another revenue producer at a later date to cash in on the six (6) Oscar nominations. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. I for one am not very interested in a sequel to this average film that ends rather abruptly without any closure.

Wtf! So much potential! No ending! This better be a trilogy. Toy story had a trilogy and there was an ending in Toy Story 1.

I've not rated this film s high as some because I think there's some major flaws in it. The acting from McDormand is fabulous, possibly her best since Fargo. Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell pull out all the stops.
Clarke Peters sadly is like a blast from an 80's TV cop movie but that's not bad, it's just out of place slightly. 
However what really put me off was Abbie Cornish. She's a long way away from being a good actress let alone a great one, and to match her youth with Woody's when he is more than 20 years her senior harks back to bad old days of old men matched with young women. It was unnecessary and if they wanted glamour they could have easily cast someone like Michelle Pfeiffer. 
I didn't know she was in the film so when I saw her and the character she was playing it was very out of place. 
Then we get to a uniquely moving and romantic piece in the film where Woody's character has made love to her for the last time as he has terminal cancer. Reliving that moment Cornish's character as his wife says "Thanks for that wonderful fuck." 
WHAT??? One of the most poignant moments in the film and they reduce it to a fuck??? She then goes on to say how beautiful his cock is!
Utterly ruined the moment for me and degraded what is otherwise a fabulous, tremendous movie. What were the editors thinking!?

I really dont get the hype about this movie. Besides of the really good cast, it had nothing more to offer. In my opinion at the end you are left at the same spot you were when the movie began, the so called evolution of the characters was predictable and crappy made in my eyes and the never coming catharsis made this movie bad. With another (worse) cast it would be unwatchable.

Rape, murder, cancer (and arson) - this movie pulls no punches. The billboards encourage a violent response and, as we know, violence begets violence. All the performances are gut-wrenchingly good, especially McDormand who wears her grief like an ever-present shroud. If I have one negative reaction it's my usual one to the relentless use of f-words (and even the c-word, although this is amusingly exchanged in one kitchen table scene between Mildred and her rebellious teenage son). The frequent shifts of tone from tragedy to comedy are brilliantly scripted.A tough film to watch, but a good one - even a great one. I'll be surprised if McDormand doesn't beat Meryl Streep to the podium at this year's Academy Awards. Mildred is one of those characters who will stay with you long after you leave the cinema.

The writer & director, Martin McDonagh, has managed to capture the subtle dark sense of humour which often seems to accompany death and grieving. He recognises how it is used as a coping mechanism to deal with the loss of a loved one; yet the line between drawing offense or being funny is thin. 
McDonagh mastered this in his first film, In Bruge, which was marketed as comedy, even though it dealt with murder and suicide. A lot of the audience see 3 billboards as a comedy too, but it is not. Truthfully, it is another film which deals with grieving and loss, all five stages of it, with all the myriad expressions of denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and finally acceptance.
The small town setting in Missouri works really well. It could almost be a small town in Ireland , or anywhere for that matter. Small towns are small pools in which the big fish are always the more louder and brashist characters. Enter Sam Rockwell, who plays the role of a racist policeman who redeems himself in the end. He is the equal to Colin Farrell's characters in 7 Psychopaths (another McDonagh film which they both starred in) and In Bruge. 
Frances McDormand is commanding in nearly every scene playing a local anti-hero who everyone is polite to on account of the recent loss of her daughter, yet behind her back they all judge. 
Woody Harrelson is just getting better and better at playing yet another role in which he almost sucks in both respect and empathy. 
This is such a fine film that I watched it again, the very next day. It is a non-Hollwood production which despite winning Best Picture at the Golden Globes, it seems to be getting it fair share of 'haters' in America. I would guess that this is because of the dissmissive way in which the narratve deals with racism in the Southern States. It seems to say that at the end of the day, people are just people and that a person's colour is irrelevant.

Between the non-stop absurdities of the story, the constant tonal shifts, and the epileptic screenplay there's not much good to say about this movie. Oh and Francis McDormand won a legacy and nepotism Oscar, apparently for having won an Oscar before and being married to a Cohen. Her performance was carried out competently enough, but the character was a cardboard cut out of an archetype that was stale in 1940, so... yeah, not sure how it beat the brilliance of both Margot Robbie and Saoirse Ronan. Then I remember how incestuous and meaningless the Oscars have become. Watch this movie only if you want to see how much contempt Hollywood has for you and how wrong critics often are.

What did I just watch? This was barely passable as a movie, given there was no ending. To have been given the accolades it has? Well, I guess I stand by my statement from 2 years ago, the oscars are now irrelevant.

I really don't see how this film is funny. It's beautifully shot and got great actors, but really who cares ? The basic plot doesn't even make sense. It destroys the immersion and makes you wonder about the logic of the script at times. I even suspect it is made just for the Oscars. I mean it's so similar to August Osage County with the family theme and slow music etc. I definitely consider it as a cheap shot aimed at the Oscars. The portrayal of the South and countryside just doesn't make sense, and I suspect that the writers never lived in those areas.

Lately, when many people see Awards being dished out to movies they begin to think twice about their worth, in much the same way as when advertisers spend up BIG to tell us their latest product is the BEST on the market - you can often expect a cop-out. With Francis McDormand heading up the cast you might expect the Cohen Bros may have been somewhere in the wings to push it along - in fact, this work offers many of the depressing earmarks of some lesser Cohen productions (maybe that's partly why the Academy selected it?) The overly sensationalistic mix contains all the ingredients that one could cram into a plot filled with a continuous succession of near impossible coincidences (not to mention some perverse PC agenda pushing) With little or no character development and too many stretched situations - we are taken through a series of shocking actions that would land anyone committing just half of them, in jail or would have the local community after the perpetuator's blood! - but no, our 'hero 'Francis violently assaults school kids, dentists, and near anyone she feels like with few saying little more than boo. And for those who attempt to excuse this as "black humour" - the 'humour' is just so 'simplistically' dark as to be virtually invisible.The local police (an unconvincing bunch of simplistic stereotypes) bash people near to death in broad daylight, and this is all taken as just another day in a town where every inhabitant tends to be on the edge of a mental meltdown. There's almost no-one the viewer can emotionally identify with or support - unless they too, are on the loopy side of Mental Health Denial. Add to the above, a lazy writer determined to create a swear fest - where all the foulest of outright mean language is paraded - in an attempt to out-shock any that's gone before. This is juvenile trendiness in the extreme.Viewers bright enough to see beyond a manipulative piece of exploitation - may see this rather pretentiously overrated concoction for what it is. While it attracted a lot of people to the ticket box, it's obvious from the Huge amount of viewer feedback - published on IMDb, etc; many of these audiences were bitterly disappointed and would like both their time and money back. And, lets not even get started on the pathetic ending.The end credits thank the local inhabitants for their co-operation but, I somehow doubt many would welcome them back - given the image painted of them! Lol.

Sorry. This movie has a lot going for it. Excellent acting, sharp dialogues, great music, and nice visuals. It also has an interesting premise and deals with important social issues such as racism, sexism, homophobia, and so on. It is thought provoking and moving, which is why I am wasting my time writing this review - because this movie's plot is so poorly constructed that it makes a random episode of "Elementary" look like a piece of high art. I'm going to spoil the hell out of it. Be warned.First, while I can understand why a mother, mad with grief and blaming herself about the rape and murder of her daughter, would put these billboards up, I can't see the reason she would keep them up. She made the police her enemy. Nobody in Ebbing (this name is really funny in my language, by the way) supported her, except her best friend. Her son was bullied in school because of these billboards. Her son was crying to her that he didn't want them to remind him of his sister's horrifying death every day of his life. Why would she keep wrecking his life, and why would she keep ruining her own life? Plus, sorry, but she was a cashier in a gift shop. This, as far as I'm aware, is not a terribly well paid job. Why would she waste five thousand dollars a month on something that only brings her more grief? She had a living kid to take care of, after all, and one would think that supporting her son would be more important to her than flipping the police off.Then there are the real problems. OK, I know this movie isn't supposed to be realistic, and I know it is not a detective mystery, but, dammit, the writer/director should have approached the copious amount of criminal activity he showed on screen more carefully. Maybe he wanted to show how corrupt and/or inept the policemen in small Southern cities were. I don't know, and, frankly, I don't care - because there is no way in hell that a police officer, while on duty, will single-handedly destroy an advertising agency, beat the living snot out of its owner, and assault his secretary, and get away with it, especially if he does it in front of dozens of witnesses, one of them - his new chief. At the very least, the people he beat would press charges. There is no way that a woman, grieving or not, will go to a school yard and beat a few kids up and get away with it. There is no way that the same woman will burn the police department down and get away with it, especially after the person who has provided her with an alibi yells in a crowded restaurant that she did it. There is no way that a former police officer will confess (in the same restaurant, in the same freaking scene) that he has committed arson and get away with it. And so on. None of these crimes was properly investigated. None of them led to arresting anyone. (And there were more crimes where the result was the same.) Was that supposed to be a part of the message?Then there are the absolutely unrealistic situations, like the flashback where the daughter said she hoped she'd get raped and the mother said she had the same hopes. Or the scene where two men entered a bar, sat less than a foot away from a person they didn't know, and started a casual conversation during which one of them bragged about raping a girl to death. Or the scene where two parents left their little girls unattended by a lake and went to the woods to make love and get drunk. Or the scene where the father, after giving his kids one last happy day, went to the stables and shot himself in the head, because he wanted his kids to remember this happy day. And so on. This movie is filled with forced situations that, thanks to the (admittedly, great) acting, somehow work, but at the moment you start thinking about them, you realize that they are forced, unrealistic, and stupid.All in all, I wanted and expected more. Sorry. (My next review will be more positive, I promise. I need to break this string of negativity.)

This movie shows why I never watch or believe awards shows anymore. This was an OKAY story - it certainly wasn't a magnificent story that keeps you captivated. It was generic. The ONLY good part of this movie was the acting.

Very good movie. Sam Rockwell was tremendous in this role, about as good as he was in Green Mile. Frances McD was also great as her pure realistic role of a mother on the verge of snapping but keeping her cool despite knowing that she'll be in mental agony for the rest of her life. Now, WHY could they not just give us 10 more minutes and show the ending that everyone wanted. Too many films today are getting too cute, too artsy, too above the conversation and too proud with this "unknown/unspoken" trend in Hollywood movies. Just play it in favor of the crowd. Jeez

In the town of Ebbing, Missouri, Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand) rents three billboards on an isolated road to berate police chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) for his failure to find her daughter's killer. Willoughby is actually dying from cancer and the town ostracizes her. Dixon (Sam Rockwell) is a volatile racist deputy living with his overbearing mother.British Irish filmmaker Martin McDonagh tackles Americana. He has incorporated plenty of American issues but it's done as an outsider looking in. I wonder if Rockwell starts his performing with an American director, he wouldn't be told to take it a different way. His action in the middle of the movie is absolutely crazy. The aftermath needs more expanding rather than a simple firing. I can't believe that he's not locked up. Then his character takes a 180 turn as the movie climaxes. He leaves the movie a two dimensional billboard rather than a fully formed human character. I am much more impressed with Mildred, Willoughby, and their connection. McDormand delivers a driven character of the first order and Harrelson is more human in his reservation. There is real power behind their performances whereas Rockwell is doing a cartoon. I am surprised at its critical love. Some of this is funny and there are plenty of intriguing characters. The issues are so important that I can't take this as satire. I have issues.

I was glad that not every review here gave this 10 stars and that several reviews pointed out the absurd, giant plot holes. After about an hour, you start to lose track of all the felonies that Frances and Sam commit (and get away with Scott free). My favorite is when the 3 billboards were set afire, but then only the paper was burned and the rickety old rotted-wood frames remained in great shape.
I get that love and desperation make a mother do crazy things, but drilling into a doctor, kicking children in the crotch, firebombing a police station four times, etc., was simply too far-fetched.
But my favorite peeve is with Woody. The loving father. He commits suicide, so his family will now get Zero life insurance. And to make it worse, he takes his last $5,000 and instead of leaving it to his two adorable girls, he gives it to the local troublemaker. Now THAT is a man who has his priorities straight!

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017) This is a drama film written, directed, and produced by Martin McDonagh. It is about a mother who rents three billboards to call attention to her daughter's unsolved murder.It stars Frances McDormand, with Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell, Abbie Cornish, John Hawkes, Clarke Peters, and Peter Dinklage appear in supporting roles. It grossed $142 million worldwide, and received praise for its screenplay, direction, and the performances. It received seven nominations for the Academy Awards and won two, for best actress and best supporting actor. It also won three SAG Awards. The acting was excellent and it had a generally decent plot. The ending could have been better, but overall it was a decent film.

For me this is just another highly overrated movie. Don't understand what's special about this movie as the rating suggests.

Some fine performances and well directed and shot, Set in a dark and sinister small town, with a corrupt police force, and typically anti-everything middle America in the eyes of the writer. Seems like the writer got confused by around page 90 of his script as he spreads a wide net of subplots and themes and then struggles to resolve them in a believable or satisfying fashion, So, some of the scenes are disjointed and the dialogue forced.

Great performances, good script, unfortunately it has no ending. 
Next time write an ending, please.

The main thing I like are characters, they're very colorful and well acted. I enjoyed watching some of them change, and the others like the main character stay what she was and fight what she believes in. The plot was interesting to me. There wasn't a moment I would be bored. The ending may not be the best ending ever, but it was quite satisfying to me, and left some thing to thing through.

A movie with a doomed concept - we know Frances' daughter isn't coming back - so what is it? A movie about the frustration of grief? What hope can we have for her character? Maybe dating Peter Dinklage? He's cool right? Sam Rockwell is an idiot who usually would get some redemption in a movie like this. Nope - he stays an idiot who thinks he's cracked the case cos he overheard some guy talking shit in a bar. Clarke Peters turns up and we think "Is this gonna turn into In The Heat Of The Night?" Nope - he does nothing. This movie is a series of left turns until you end up back at the beginning. Frances wants some payback for the death of her daughter. Does she get it?....Roll credits

I saw this film yesterday, and I do not regret it - 100% will watch it again.The movie is very much unlike many other movies out at the minute, or in really recent history. Even by Martin McDonaugh's standard's, this is a movie that doesn't fit into the same Black Comedy box as his previous two movies "In Bruges" or "Seven Psychopaths". In fact, this movie is far more up on tragedy than those two, which even in their sad moments have some humour. Don't get me wrong; this is not a film that's lacking in colour or dynamics, but it's certainly bleaker than those others by McDonaugh.At the head of this movie is a phenomenal cast. The most notable of these are the recent Oscar nominated Frances McDormand as Mildred Hayes, Woody Harrelson as Sheriff Bill Willoughby and Sam Rockwell as Officer Jason Dixon.Frances McDormand is a force of nature in this role, and is certainly her best film work since/included Fargo, depending on your opinion. Her character of Mildred is one that could very easily be portrayed as a flawless martyr, striving for justice for her daughter at the behest of everyone else but whom will convince the audience to see her as a perfect person and nothing more. But she doesn't, as whilst you will laugh and cheer when she confronts Dixon in the station with her now famous "Hey f***head!", you have issues when she tells Willoughby she doesn't care of his cancer, but is later sympathetic when she starts to wain. It's a character that could easily have been boring, but isn't in her hands. The best example of this is when they show a flashback to her final chat with her daughter, and her daughter yells "I hope I get raped on the way", she responds "I hope you get raped too!", and that's what happened. It's a great moment, played as intensely as needed for it to work.Woody Harrelson plays a side of him people rarely see. He's not in the film for very long, as he kills himself fairly early in, but he certainly stays in the mind despite this. Willoughby is a man trying to do the right thing, but is going against an unbeatable obstacle, and who we, as an audience, do get a sense of despite his short screen time: a funny, compassionate, well respected leader of the police, and a great father and husband at the same time. When he went, I legit teared up.Sam Rockwell, in his best work ever, plays the character who goes through the biggest arc in the movie. At the start, Dixon is very much a bitter, violent cop with a fragile ego, who when it breaks becomes scary. His endpoint however, whilst not a complete 180, is still big; he learns to take his time, think things through, and be more willing to do a policeman's work for the good of the community than himself.Martin McDonaugh's screenplay is top tier brilliance, as humour and horror do exist in the same plain, and his direction is just as sterily clean, so when the violence does hit, it really does. The two biggest examples are when the fight between Mildred, her ex-husband Charlie played by John Hawkes, and her son Robbie played by Lucas Hedges, and when Dixon attacks the billboard owner in a rage at his office.The ending, whilst not what I was expecting, was welcome. To me, it signals that whilst the resolve isn't there, the character's of Mildred and Jason have found a purpose beyond and this helps them to cope. As they head off to places unknown to do a thing they're not sure of, we know that their moral compasses are still guiding them, in this very adult, very great film, that is totally worth a rewatch.One last thing: the race issue in this movie, is something that, if it hadn't been brought up, you wouldn't notice. It's ironic that in a movie that is based around growing in compassion and empathy, that this strange label of racism has been put on a movie that neither promotes these viewpoints, but the character's that do exhibit these points of view see the error of them.Whatever; I enjoyed this film regardless, and that won't change. If you think it looks like a good viewing, give it a go.

I was expecting an exceptional movie based on the rating. Boy was I in for a surprise. The main character grated on my nerves from the beginning and she only got more annoying as the movie progressed until I couldn't take it anymore. Save yourself I headache and don't watch. 2 stars because some of the other performances in the movie were not completely horrible.

It takes not only a considerable amount of skill to match deep-dark- heartbreaking dramatic storytelling and characters with a pitch😨black comic edge; to go the extra mile one should hopefully have a voice. Martin McDonaugh may be mistaken too quickly as having made a Coen brothers film - Frances McDormand being there doesn't help assuage that argument - yet through In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths he's shown his acidic, no bullish*t, I see clichés for what they are and raise you a subversion original voice in writing and an assured hand in direction. He also casts his movies like nobody's business and from McDormand down to Sam Rockwell and Sam Rockwell's mom to the actress as Angela Hayes having one scene, he has everyone with fresh, Thanksgiving-buffet-plate meat to chew on. While it's one of the best films of the year, I'm sure if I try, more or less, I can find some nitpick or even flaws - the daughter Hayes scene could be one simply for the final two lines mother and daughter have, I understand the point but it's too far on the nose, especially for this artist; another could be how quickly "f***head" Rockwell comes around to a kind-of-sort-of-maybe redemption in the third act - but all of this is overshadowed by the giant moral and social-political-emotional scope of everything else. Mildred Hayes is one of those movie characters that, male or female (but especially make), stays with you for not so much how balls they are but how marvelled they are by their own ballsiness.McDormand has such a command of the character in the big moments - those trailer bits that, if ones been going to the movies this year, has been overplayed (though luckily practically all of the major story points aren't revealed) - one may miss a moment like when Mildred realizes a character did something horrible that she punished someone else for, or how she looks after a tough a-hole comes into her shop coming face to face with a threatening countenance. She's played so many people who carry an ocean of complexity but whats appealing is how she carries a lot of it without needing to show much. Hell, one beat where she has her two animal slippers on their feet talk in bold violent terms is among the great acting moments of the year. So how relevant is it to now? I mention Do the Right Thing because not so much it having the same dramatic build up so much as it has a similar anger - no sorry not true, boiling, scornful rage - at how segments of our country have been, are and may always be (the mother of Rockwell is one such character who inspires such rage at least for me, and she is just your average white-bread matriarch. Also like Lee's film it shows a community who are inextricably linked, and at times the stark racism is almost like a bad joke (Rockwell's cop being a torturer of black inmates, if not more than one, is almost a goof; he's akin to the John Tururro type in DtRT, a man who just is what he is and it's too late to change now, so everyone looks at Mildred in this story and her whole billboards "thing" closer to something like a basic acting-out in grief than a howl for justice. And then when it comes time for a new man to come in to the town's police force, and I won't say how or why, and id rather you just see it than me put in the spoiler marker, it is like a cold bath of irony: the genuinely tough, decent, on top of it older black man. This is as towering a script as we may get in American cinema this year, and if it has imperfections it shouldn't matter much. The central idea here is such: if you don't bring a light on stark injustice, people wont do much if nothing else because it's not on their mind or (frankly) in their own interests. Willoughby says at one point the billboards are a "chess move." What is the "king" to take then? The ending of the film may seem to leave things too open-ended for some, and I get that. To me, the end is that there's never an ending when it comes to looking at rape (which is assault) and other violence (which is more directly assault) there is no clear ending. You can kill yourself, sure, but that doesn't solve much for those who have to live in total pain. I love this!

I can't recall the last time I have disagreed so vigorously with critics. This isn't a great movie, or even a good movie. It's a modern-day minstrel show. This is a movie about small-town Missouri, made by (and for) people who clearly hold mid-western America in disdain. It doesn't look like Missouri, and it was in fact shot on the east coast. More distressingly, the characters act (and talk) nothing like small-town Americans. This is a deeply classist film, made in outright contempt of the very people it depicts. It seems to speak exclusively to those with a left-leaning political bias who who enjoy having their partisan delusions validated. To put it another way, this is a movie about Trump voters, made by a Brit who doesn't even understand Brexit voters.If this were strictly a comedy, it would simply be offensive. But this is a drama which purports to have a higher purpose than mere laughter, and worse, this is a film that feigns realism. For that reason, I consider this a blatant display of unforgivable bigotry.If you decide to watch this film, try imagining that the black characters are white and the white characters are black. What era would produce such a condescending piece of filth? Why would that kind of portrayal be acceptable in this day and age?

Three Bilboards, with a fairly short running time, throws the audience directly into the plot with the opening frames. This film does an excellent job showing both sides, McDormand's character and the general public, equally as they are. A grieving mother seeking justice and answers, and the Chief of Police who feels he's done his job to the best of his ability. McDormand's blunt, rude, vulgar, and uncensored character is extremely charismatic. The other characters (one in particular after some major character development) are very charismatic as well. This film takes the audience on a very dark journey where nothing "expected" or "predictable" really happens. We become very invested in a brilliant story with direction we are fools to think we can foresee. Viewers will feel a surprising warmth to this dark tale, and find the very shocking (and very common) inappropriate dialog either funny, or just plain wrong. The brilliant storytelling and extraordinary performances make Three Billboards a must see for all audiences. 
95/100 -Baby_23

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri stars Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Caleb Landry Jones, Abbie Cornish, Lucas Hedges and Peter Dinklage, and is directed by Martin McDonagh, who brought us the sensational In Bruges, and Seven Psychopaths.It tells the story of Mildred Hayes, played by McDormand, who some time ago, her teenage daughter was to quote the film, "raped while dying", in small town Ebbing in the mid-west of the USA. The local police and authorities, Chief Willoughby and Dixon, played by Harrelson and Rockwell, at least in Mildred's eyes, aren't pulling their weight in avenging and bringing to justice her daughter's perpetrator. So she takes the liberty of erecting three billboards outside the town, bought and paid for through Red, played by Landry Jones, to raise awareness of her daughter's death. However these billboards stir up some controversy within the town.Now I'm just gonna come clean here and say that I wasn't a huge fan of this film, but I'll address the positives first. Absolutely top notch acting, Frances McDormand brings serious bite and something really scathing, and I definitely think it's one of the best performances of the year, possibly the best of her career. Woody Harrelson, to an extent, brings real humanity to the role, not to get into spoilers, but there's a scene where he approaches Mildred about the billboards for the first time, and there's a big reveal of his character and what he's going through, and Mildred's searing comments on this reveal, and Willoughby's reaction to said comments was top tier acting. In a single shot, and in his expression, you really saw tragedy, heartbreak and a sense of pity for Mildred, completely brought by Harrelson's fantastic performance. Then you have Dixon, played by Sam Rockwell, whose character, like Willoughby, goes through some VERY unpredictable directions, at the start he's a bigoted, ignorant, racist buffoon red neck, and by the end he still kinda is, but many many more things as well, which was completely unexpected. I think Rockwell was the big standout of the film. It's an example of with certain screenwriting, you can have a character's arc and morals go completely up, down, sideways, backwards, in circles and inside out, and I was amazed by where he went just as a character, so credit to him and McDonagh's accomplished writing.The editing is right on point too, there's scenes where Harrelson's character is reading letters that he wrote, and the way the structure of shots goes back in time, forward in time etc, as he's narrating these letters, and just the shot structure and lengths for scenes throughout the film is pretty brilliant.Ultimately however, I just wasn't that convinced by this movie as a whole, Harrelson's character makes a big ol decision midway, that was meant to be SHOCKING and devastating, but there just wasn't any build up to it, so it just kinda happened unexpectedly and suddenly, that my reaction was more just "Oooookay?!?!?" than what it was meant to be. Dixon's character also makes a big decision upon what happens with Willoughby, and it just felt completely out of left field and unconvincing, even for a crazy bastard like him....So it was two BIG scenes that just didn't click for me. The film is also SO unrelentingly sardonic, mean spirited, depressing and angry that it just left me feeling... kinda nauseous. I've definitely never been one to just be like "well that movie wasn't happy-happy joy-joy and didn't make me feel good and nice, therefore I hate it", but there's just no end, no opposition and no upside to the bitterness that it just felt like "misery porn" interlaced with quirky, off-beat humour, and it just didn't sit well with me. But like I said the acting, directing, certain aspects of the character and writing, and editing is all phenomenal. But you just can't have a movie where characters just DO things without adequate motivation, build up or reasoning behind it, and for me at least those things weren't adequate enough to be convincing.

Admission - I walked out when Woody Harrelson was about to have a syrupy picnic with his children.Of course there are fine actors in this movie (Frances McDormand goes without saying) but they're all one dimensional, stereotypical, unlikeable and not that funny. I got bored with the constant anger, aggression, crudity of thought & deed. For me, nobody evoked any empathy, even when terminally ill Woody coughed up blood all over McDormands face.Apparently I didn't miss anything. More of the same; grinding on and on. No apologies for being too harsh but its just not good enough.

Overrated Overrated Overrated.
Watched it because it had 8.5+ ratings. But as Said it is Overrated. Not at all entertaining. Wasted my time.

Cops being betrayed as bungling racists? Check.
Priest being guilty of child molestation by association? Check
A U.S. soldier being guilty of a terrible war crime? Check
Someone arrested for a small amount of pot? Check
Mention of society not believing rape victims? Check
The only virtuous characters in the whole movie are minorities? CheckWoody Harrelson's character is the only reason I'm rating this movie two stars. His character is the only one that isn't a two dimensional representation of what Hollywood thinks people in America are. I'm fairly certain the entire plot was designed to stroke the ego's of 40 year old liberal women. When I'm watching a movie I don't want to be slapped in the face with your manifesto. Don't get me wrong you can make political commentary. There's a difference between political commentary and trying to jam a social remark into every orifice you can find.

Way overrated.
Don't waste your hard earned money by going to the theaters.
It's very disappointing. Wait until it comes out on DVD and save some bucks.
It has funny moments and some serious.
The ending....well let's just say...it sucked. No closure 
Maybe it their way of setting up a part two. 
It could have been a very good movie if they did not try so hard to mike the story out. But to each their own. Either you like it or not.

I always enjoy watching Frances McDormand ever since I saw her in "Fargo". She is one of Hollywood's best actresses and doesn't disappoint here. She does the best she can with thankless material meant to be a combination of sensational filmmaking and a social statement, accent on the former.Writer/ Director Martin McDonagh tries to pull out all the stops via shocking dialogue and an over-the-top screenplay but ends up with a 5-times-checking-your-watch movie that seems much longer than 115 minutes. Also trapped in the pointless plot is another favorite, Woody Harrelson as the Police Chief, but he has to play it straight in this misconceived black comedy. The cast play foul-mouthed white trash types, but in the Midwest rather than the South. The story is an overblown polemic against small town small-mindedness and, true to form, ends with an unsatisfactory whimper, when another big bang would been within its already stretched bounds.

This movie was drawn out, boring and had poor dialogue but did have rare moments that made me laugh. Normally I would give it a 4 because it is a below average movie. But the far left political overtones throughout the movie infuriated me. They just wouldn't stop pushing left wing talking points, it was ridiculous. I don't want politics in my entertainment. Hollywood needs to realize this. There's a reason no one is going to theatres to see your movies.

"Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Missouri" is a flawed piece of work, and I say this as a fan of Martin McDonagh. The audiences watching this movie in 2016-2017 should experience palpable dissonance between how race and police relations are portrayed onscreen versus reality. The cast acquits themselves well. McDormand is laudable as is Harrelson (the movie is poorer after his exit). Rockwell is a capable player, but it is an ugly reality to see an actor inhabit such an ill-concieved role.Look around and you'll find explanations and plaudits for "Three Billboards" but I'm asking you to think, really think. I know it's a dark comedy, and I've enjoyed McDonough's past work. I also know that the film does a disservice to race. By intent, or not, disservice is the reality. I won't deny the catharsis I felt hearing McDormand's character roar at a local priest, having had a pedophile priest at my own school. There is emotional substance in the piece, although there are serious flaws regarding race. It's a conundrum to have an auteur channel a mother's rage so well and miss the mark so wide regarding police.Martin McDonough is an Irishman who lives in London. For my part as an American, this film might have well been written by an alien who had no concept of American history, our foundation upon the horrific institution of slavery, or our current political climate. It's the sort of creative effort that would have me responding with a contemporary dramatic reading list, which would start with "Blues for Mr. Charlie." So I beg you, if you see this film, and you haven't already read James Baldwin, please do so.

"Three Billboards" follows Andrea Arnold's "American Honey" (2016) and Edgar Wright's "Baby Driver" (2017) as part of a trend towards British auteur filmmakers writing and directing movies set in America. But whilst the two earlier films were humanistic and optimistic portrayals of American life which didn't reduce Americans to stereotypes, "Three Billboards" feels trite and reductionist, and does not show the hallmarks of being written by someone who has ever spent much time in small-town America.Apart from the strong accents there is very little attempt to create a sense of place - we get no establishing shots of the main street in the town or of its residential neighbourhoods, only individual buildings. We get a trio of memorable characters – the stoical and obstinate Mildred, the rough diamond Chief Willoughby, and the ball of impotent rage that is Jason Dixon. But some aspects of the character development feel perfunctory and even lazy, in that Mildred, (like most of the supporting characters), is defined by her relationship to the billboards controversy and very little else. For instance, it struck me as odd that Mildred appears to have no outside interests or female friends her own age, and I'm not altogether clear about how she earns a living - she works in some kind of touristy gift ship but it's unclear whether she owns the business or is just employed there. Peter Dinklage is a very good actor but he is given very little to do. James, the character he plays, is rather sad and pathetic and his entire contribution to the story, such as it is, is defined by his dwarfism. In so far as it's a socially-aware film, the treatment of the political issues is muddled and self-contradictory. For example, early on it feebly tries to make a point about police racism, then later it shows they're not racist after all because they can accept a black senior officer's authority without difficulty...Meanwhile the two named black civilian characters don't advance beyond predictable behaviour, in that they are both anti-police. This sort of cynicism and borderline misanthropy may be forgivable if a movie works on the level of pure comedy, but for me - and I am perhaps in a minority here - it simply didn't. I felt the humour was vulgar and unimaginative in the extreme and was overly reliant on violence, anger and profanity. Most of the audience at the sell-out UK premiere laughed audibly throughout - I chuckled maybe four times. There were all kinds of little things that irritated me. Why does Mildred's daughter have Nirvana posters on her wall if it's set in the present day? Why does Mildred have to deliver that rant about pederasty in the Roman Catholic Church, when it has no connection to the rest of the story and when Missouri is mainly Protestant anyway? And do we really need to be told that she was victim of spousal violence in her past marriage, when the film has nothing original or meaningful to say on the subject? What's the point in creating a strong, non-stereotypical female character only to make her a victim of male violence twice over?So, how can I justify five stars? Well, it's an unconventional story with unconventional characters. It subverts the familiar trope of the plucky loner fighting against overwhelming odds, and challenges the idea that protest, non-conformity and anti-authoritarianism are good things in and of themselves. Mildred behaves appallingly but has a completely unshakeable sense of her own righteousness. Perhaps a bit like some of the people who take part in BLM and Antifa protests and use them as an opportunity to start fights and create mayhem. The ending is pleasingly ambiguous; it leaves open the possibility of some kind of redemption for the characters, but at the same time it recognises that Damascene conversions are rare in real life and that many of us only learn from our mistakes as fast as we make new ones.Go to see it expecting a sort of sub-Tarantino celebration of stylised violence and amorality and you won't be disappointed. As film critic James Verniere once wrote in summing up another movie, it's good nasty dirty fun. But the sad thing is it could have been so much more.

From Martin McDonagh, director of In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths, comes Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. If you liked his other films, you'll love Three Billboards. Once again, a large cast of characters who are just just far enough out there to be funny, but grounded enough to be realistic find what should be an ordinary situation rapidly escalating out of control.Frances McDormand stars as Mildred Hays, a grieving mother who decides the best way to encourage the police to solve her daughter's brutal murder is to put up three billboards outside town calling out the chief of police. That is enough to lite a fire under the town, quite literally, as the dying Chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson), his intellectually-challenged mamma's boy officer (Sam Rockwell), the town midget (Peter Dinklage), the man who owns the billboards (Caleb Landry Jones), and Mildred ex-husband (John Hawkes) all end up on a crash course towards each other. As they say "Anger just begets greater anger" and there is a lot of anger in Ebbing, Missouri.Amazingly, a movie that is essentially nonstop chaos and overreactions manages to actually develop its characters and have them grow. None of the characters are simply caricatures, save a couple very minor roles, and they all have more depth than most movies would have given them.

What an awful movie to watch on Mother's Day! I'm not a fan of cussing and it seems that all movies these days have more cussing then any one person can handle. Really Hollywood? This is called creativity? Work harder

Billboards... Ebbing... So many "B's" but a B-movie it sure ain't... far from it actually, this is high-level film-making, a movie meaning "B" for excellence, B as in Business!And watching some shots of Frances McDormand driving across some random Missouri road and turning her head to her passenger made me feel I was watching an older -and grouchier- version of her most iconic character Marge Gunderson. That both performances earned her Oscars is no coincidence, she was born to be Marge and Mildred, Mildred Hayes to name her. The traits are more severe-looking, age did alter her woman-next-door charm but there's something in the eyes that left room to a certain gentleness, decency and sense of humor, no matter how twisted it is.Sense of humor indeed... in a story involving police brutality, racism, and rape, the evil trinity wrapped up into another of these typical atypical Midwest crisis, something you wouldn't believe it was possible before watching Martin McDonagh's acclaimed "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri", the film that came so close to winning the triple crown of Best Pictures yesterday (but took home the right acting Oscars). Yet as horrific and seemingly cynical (seemingly underlined) it is, the film immediately drained from the wells of the Coen brother's masterpiece's memories. If not as close to perfect as "Fargo" is, it's as close to cinematic perfection as many recent movies confronted us to, there's just something immensely satisfying about "Billboards"."Fargo" was crazy, wicked but remember how it ended, Marge was summoning the newly arrested criminal, telling him that there's more to life than money, and he was going to jail on what was a 'beautiful day', the masterpiece of dark humor ended with a light of hope and you could even sense remorse growing in the sociopath's eyes. Just when it became so trendy to have decent characters descending into madness and psychopathy and all the viewers secretly wishing they could loosen up a bit as far as their ethics go, here is a movie where characters start behaving like the bad guys we expect, only to discover that there was something good about them that only waited for the right opportunity to blossom. If that film didn't win the Best Picture Oscar, at least, it shows what "Crash" should have been to really deserve it."Fargo" and "Crash" weren't the only movie "Billboards" reminded me of, there was something in McDormand's wounded soul playing like a reminiscence of Kathy Bates' underrated performance as and in "Dolores Clairborne", a Stephen King's story that ventured into similar realms of traumas and vengeance by focusing on the tortured mind of an average woman. The parallel that can be drawn between the two performances (besides the fact that Bates should have been nominated) is the defining line of the film "Sometimes being a bitch is all a woman's got to hold on to." That line encompasses every single action of Mildred Hayes, never as an excuse but an explanation. When a mother has her daughter killed, abused and savagely burnt and the investigation leads to nowhere, she can only resort to the bitchiest side of her soul and yes, some wicked sense of humor... as the billboards would be referred to as a 'joke' by one of the main concerned people, and not in a condescending way.So how about the infamous billboards? These three unused things of the 80's in a road nobody takes, and the opportunity to 'create a buzz', at a time where Internet, twitter, Facebook attracted every attention-whore of the world, here's one hell of a clever use of medium, anachronistic, inventive (screenplay-wise very clever but wouldn't you expect that from the writer director of "In Bruges") and the starter of a chain of events that will challenge and tease all your expectations. Because it's not much the set-up that "Billboards" establishes which is its main strength but how it plays with it, toying in the process with what we would expect after watching "Fargo", "Crash" or "August Osage County". The film opens with a hardened Midwest divorced mother, a worn-out but benevolent Chief of Police targeted by the billboards played by Woody Harrelson, a redneck deputy played by the great Sam Rockwell, so many characters' tropes in a nutshell that end up being totally deconstructed, for moments of laughs, shock and some heights of emotionality you never expect (not from 'these' characters anyway).And it's all in the deconstruction that "Billboards" work, McDonagh has just a way to make the story advances so that once you think you spotted a contrivance or felt something was going in the predictable Aesopian-arc way that the film takes a detour into a twist you didn't see while maintaining its plausibility and revealing a higher esteem on humanity. This is a journey whose starting point is a horrific act of barbarity and ending up with 'bad' people realizing that deep inside there's more room for decency than they would believe... and people who realize that just because they defend a noble cause, aren't immune to punctual bits of vileness. Now, that's challenging. And later, the film takes another path that leaves the perfect cloud of uncertainty, but I'll stop here because this is one experience I don't want to spoil, just enjoy "Billboards", it is THAT good.The film is served by great performances, besides Oscar-winning McDormand and Rockwell, there's also Peter Dinklage who has a great shining moment and there's the so underrated Woody Harrelson who always hit the right note between pathos and humor and the neutered tone of the man who starts to take things seriously, just like this movie does but not without a level of edgy self-awareness that makes the whole thing oddly entertaining no matter how dark it is. Really, one of a kind!

It's a movie, people, not a documentary and if you want to argue about verisimilitude compare with the fantastically unlikely facts and events of the current White House.
Anyhoo, this movie manages to take an almost unrelenting series of terrible events yet inject them with characters that are fleshed out not just with pathos but with humor that is often hilariously funny. And I love that it deals with issues of love, redemption, crime and forgiveness with a lot of finesse and complexity. And ambivalence. 
Loved it.

Engaging, interesting, deep, but poorly-paced. Those are the best words that come to mind after I finished re-watching Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.This was my first Martin McDonagh film and it encouraged me to check out his two, much better, previous films -- Seven Psychopaths and In Bruges. If you enjoyed the unpredictable storytelling of any one of his films, but have not watched them all, you will also enjoy his unpredictable, unique narrative structure of his other films, which particularly shines in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. His characters are all well-developed, although some are more interesting and watchable than others. Three Billboards is no exception. The story is very smart and serious, even though the screenplay is as hilarious as the subject matter is dark. Frances McDormand plays Mildred Hayes, a woman grieving after the rape and murder of her daughter. After months of the local police doing nothing for her case, she takes justice into her own hands, first in the form of three billboards calling out the police chief, Woody Harrelson's Chief Willoughby. As the story unravels and the tension builds, the message becomes more and more clear, until it is finally spoken in simple, obvious terms that ruins the subtlety and intelligence of the screenplay. However, the characters are still deep, emotional, and well-developed throughout even when the screenplay falters.I particularly enjoyed the development and arc of Sam Rockwell's racist police officer, Dixon. At first, he is given the simple, one-dimensional characterization that causes viewers to dismiss him as the villain, or at least an obstacle in the way of the protagonist. Over halfway through, a realization dawns on viewers that sets the stage for the wonderful message: Maybe the hero seeking justice is just as bad as the racist cop. The theme of anger begetting anger is brilliantly told through the characters and their actions in the story. The setting is also just as important in this movie as many of the characters are. By naming the town fictionally, it is easier to understand how these characters with unrealistic traits and qualities would interact and live in a town like this. Although the characters seem unrealistic, their emotions are certainly real and relatable. McDonagh has a preference for naming his films literally and directly from what the story is about. Ebbing, Missouri is a place of receding hope and grief. In other words, the love, hope, and optimism in Ebbing, Missouri ebbs away as the film progresses and the characters act more and more. . The largest flaw I have with this film is the pacing of the third act. The first two acts were exceptionally well-made/paced and evoke strong reactions from the audience. Once the majority of the story has been told and the events laid out for us, the film comes screeching to halt, but doesn't end. After the climactic sequence, the story slowly (slower than you can imagine) crawls to its conclusion. As a result, the conclusion leaves viewers thinking, "Finally!" where it could have left us thinking that it was shorter than it actually is. To quote Roger Ebert in his A Clockwork Orange review, "You know there's something wrong with a movie when the last third feels like the last half," and those words have never applied to a film more than Three Billboards. While I still encourage you all to see this (in theaters if possible), it's also important that you know your tastes. If you prefer dark comedy and a subtle, smart story, this is definitely for you. If you hate comedy mixed with serious subject matters and prefer faster-paced films, maybe seek out Dunkirk or Wonder Woman. I also feel that I must admit this: After the Golden Globe awards, I felt highly unsatisfied that Three Billboards won in many major categories and that likely led to me thinking this film is slightly worse than it actually is. While it deserves many of the awards that it has gotten (and is likely to receive), The Shape of Water will always be my favorite of the year, no matter how unpredictable, refreshing, and memorable Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is.

Very powerful performances of the trio, and some very consistent performances of the rest of the cast. Brilliant script, well directed, great dialogues, fine cinematography... it's a good film in almost every aspect. Touching but not corny, harsh and funny, all at the same time. I strongly recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a good plot and appreciates astonishing acting performances.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is quite simply one of, if not the best film of 2017. It rivals Blade Runner 2049 in sheer greatness. There were so many moments in Three Billboards that genuinely surprised me. It was truly refreshing seeing a movie as unpredictable as Three Billboards. Perhaps the best part of the film, however, are the characters. The performances from pretty much all of the actors in this movie are fantastic. Frances McDormand gives an absolutely spectacular performance in this film (Probably the best performance of her career). And Of course, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Peter Dinklage, and Caleb Landry Jones were fantastic in this movie as well. However, there is one actor in this film who did pretty poorly in my opinion, which was Lucas Hedges. His performance was pretty bad in this film, but luckily he really wasn't an important character, so his performance didn't hinder my overall thoughts of the film. But it's not just the performances that really make these characters great; the way these characters are written is absolutely genius! I genuinely cared about every character in this film. There were some characters that I never expected to care about and sympathize with by the end of it. Each character has a brilliantly written arc that blends perfectly with the pace of the film. Three Billboards is a film worthy of the Oscar it is nominated for. I highly encourage you to go see this movie as soon as you can, before it stops showing in theaters. It is truly a film worth seeing on the big screen.

I was really looking forward to this movie, along with presumably everyone else in a packed theatre at a late night showing on opening weekend, who had probably read the reviews and swallowed the hype like me.Firstly let me say that this was very dark humour that delivered genuine laugh out aloud moments at the sheer absurdity of some of the lines. Frances McDormand was excellent as the crazed, grief stricken mother. Woody Harrelson was very good and Peter Dinklage made the most of his couple of scenes. But really the plotlines were very silly and smashed any semblance of credibility, and in the end that just becomes a distraction. Too many silly coincidences.Overall this is an ok movie and it did have funny moments.

You couldn't get more mid-American than Missouri. You'd be forgiven for not knowing that the state capital is Jefferson City. It's an unremarkable state and Ebbing is an unremarkable town (made up it would seem); it's not trailer trash, it's not deep south. It's just a nondescript, middle-class, American provincial town frequented by the usual mish-mash of not quite Hillbillys, not quite racists. They'd have voted for Trump in big numbers; if the place existed.It's here that Frances McDormand (just like in the unremarkable town of Fargo) stakes her claim for a place at the top table in the pantheon of greatest living actresses.It's here that Martin McDonagh cements his position as the greatest living comedy writer. (As if In Bruges wasn't enough, he's got his theatre canon of work to bolster those credentials - The Beauty Queen of Leenane and The Lieutenant of Inishmore are both comedic masterpieces.)And it's here that both Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson put in career defining (and probable Oscar winning) performances.To say that Frances McDormand has everything you need to be the complete actress is an understatement; she's hilarious, brutal, droll, moving, sympathetic, antagonistic, bombastic, arrogant, crazy, vulnerable, arch, facetious and deadpan. And that's only in the first 20 minutes. This will unquestionably win her, her second Oscar.And Martin McDonagh will pick up his second for best original screenplay (14 years after winning best short in 2004) and maybe even his third for best director. He already has no fewer than four (yes 4) nominations at the BAFTA's and I expect him to win at least half of them - because this is writing and direction of the very highest order. He's moved on since In Bruges. Sure the C bomb is dropped very early in the first dialogue scene and turns up several times more. But this is not the full pelt filth that Colin Farrell deployed to intense pleasure in the former.This is a subtler, equally dark but even more brutal exposition. Each word seems to have been crafted on a lathe. I gasped several times at the sheer dexterity of his writing delivered by masters of their craft.There's a dwarf, yes. There's an idiot, yes.But I ain't telling you no more than that. I saw it without spoilers so you deserve the same respect.It has a breathtakingly bold finish, I'll tell you that; spoiling nothing.This is cinema at its absolute finest. The best film I have seen this year by far (and I thought Dunkirk was truly outstanding).Go Martin.

Martin McDonagh's new film is an incendiary dark comedy that has some tonal similarities with his two previous films, "In Bruges" and "Seven Psychopaths." However, this film is also plenty unique, and while not perfect, it's a wickedly thoughtful while also somber film due to its plot and general merits. The film tells the story of a woman in a small town in Missouri who puts up three billboards to depict her disapproval of the local police chief's failure to investigate her daughter's rape and murder. Gleefully profane and politically incorrect, the film's no-holds-barred script generally works to create dramatic irony, tension and a sense of collective outrage. However, there are a few moments where its more hyperbolic senses fail to create the intended effect on viewers--or come across as if such writing devices are simply trying too hard to do so. "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" should be commended for its exceptional acting. Frances McDormand's performance in the lead role is simply outstanding. She manages to pull off a genuine sense of grief combined with a twisted and engaging sense of humor that complements her otherwise-serious characterization quite well. The supporting cast is impressive as well, particularly Woody Harrelson's role as the police chief. Despite these unique strengths, the film does also contain some flaws. The climax and ending happen to go on too long for no particular reason, and there are portions of the film that do feel slightly atonal. However, this is a generally well-made and certainly well-acted dark comedy. Recommended. 7.5/10

Will we ever again be able to watch another movie without having a hidden SJW agenda?! If this is going to be the standard of movies going forward, we're in for some major eye-rolling and I might develop a permanent condition. I've never seen so much BS rolled into one movie! I liked the concept (and I have always loved Frances!) but there was SO much gratuitous grand standing it was sickening. And what was with the blue jumpsuit? She wasn't a mechanic or a janitor. Go figure! So it's got your evil white racist man (and we know he's evil cuz he has cancer), red neck cops, oppressed black people, a drunk wife beater, a deviant Catholic priest, socially acceptable suicide, righteous violence and vandalism, a ditzy "blonde", a midget, the "heroine" kicking two teens in the crotch in front of other children and adults (but it's ok cuz they were being mean!) and while you don't get to see him there's a reference to a fat little Mexican on a bike. So grateful I was also represented!!The no ending "ending" pretty much says it all - the end justifies the means. Violence is ok as long as you know that the enemy is evil. Hope someone on YouTube starts to review movies with an eye for these types of message laden Hollywood POS.

Man, this movie is just awful. From the beginning to the very end, you feel caught up in this racist, small-town sickening movie. The acting is just fine, it's the plot and even wackier ending that leave you feeling dirty. Having stopped for a cocktail before it started, we were a group of 10 folks in a good mood. We all left depressed and disgusted. This is probably a true story so it points out we live in a sick world, but at Christmas time, I want feel-good. This movie wont give you any good feelings.

Could have been a good, even an important movie, till the plot completely disintegrated into senseless violence that voided the credibility of the leading characters. Again, reviewers have so lost their sensibility to pornographic violence and believable character development, that I have to be very skeptical of most of them. This "scorched earth apocalyptic violence" is diminishing the value of certain writer/directors such as Taylor Sheridan (Wind River) and Martin McDonagh (Three Billboards), and raising the value of more intelligent and perceptive directors such as Iranian Asghar Farhadi and France's Francois Ozon.I may sound a little "wimpish" like I am in denial of "reality." Actually, I would say the opposite, that I am aware and extremely sensitive to the existence of violence and live with the goal of diminishing it and alleviating the pain it causes.And, I would suggest that the movie directors who continually push the envelope on graphic gore, are not concerned about the reality of violence, but instead are in love with it. And, the more viewers relish this kind of stuff on film, the more desensitized they become toward the tragedy of violence in "real life."

Please refer to the very well written review "Just too much foolishness". 
I second that.

I had high hopes for this movie. Sadly these were quickly dashed.
This movie is just a deluge of swearing of the worst. A minute doesn't go by without the use of an f or c word. 
To call the movie moronic is an understatement. 
It's a travesty that a movie such as this should even be nominated for oscars. For it to actually win them only serves to show the paucity of moviemaking talent that exists today.
Enough said

For a movie which built so much tension throughout the first hour or so, a lot was wasted in the last third part of the film. As a positive, the acting, script and the twists, especially midway through the film, set up for a spectacular finale. However, what we are left with is a wasted opportunity, when the movie takes a sudden change of tone, from a crime drama to an almost romantic finish. There were many moments where the film could have simply ended, albeit on a much better note, rather than extending it far too long, and creating unanswered questions the answers to which are essential to the main storyline. In my opinion, the film needed to be shorter or longer - either not have brought about new issues which were not explored sufficiently in the first place (shorter), or alternatively, extending the film a bit more to demonstrate the consequences of the character's respective actions (longer). Instead, we are left somewhere in between, completely dissatisfied.

Three Billboards in Ebbing, Missouri is a dark comedy/crime thriller.The main focus is on Mildred (Frances McDormand) putting up three billboards to make the police department focus on catching the killer who murdered her daughter. Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) is the Chief of the police department and he doesn't think that the three billboards are very fair because he believes that he and his department did the best they could within the law of their job.Dixon (Sam Rockwell) is an officer who is hell-bent on making Mildred take the billboards down. Dixon is a guy who will go outside the law in order to accomplish whatever he sets his mind to.The movie doesn't have a main focus on what it tries to tell.Is this about how people should come together for the greater good regardless of their differences?Is this about how people never can truly see eye to eye when there is a greater situation at hand?Everyone in here, for the most part, has a story to tell and yet none of this focuses on what I came to see in the first place.I thought this movie was going to be like Gone Girl mixed with comedy and that's not what I got.What I got was a movie that's funny, heartfelt, and genuine, but it doesn't have a focus on what story it actually wants to tell.I was very disappointed with this movie, it could've been so much more.For a more in-depth review, check out my video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZjN8IxOD-4

(RATING: ☆☆☆☆☆ out of 5) GRADE: A- THIS FILM IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: Three of the year's best performances in one of the year's best films.SYNOPSIS: A grieving mother angers a town in order to seek justice for her daughter's unsolved murder.JIM'S REVIEW: When one glances at Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand), it is hard to ever imagine if this woman ever danced, or smiled, or loved someone. One wonders if she ever was an innocent child growing up. Her constant scowl, disdaining look, and furrowed brow, are all evident from a lifetime of disappointments which show us that here is a most unhappy person.￼But her appearance tells a deeper story... a tragic tale that gives her permission to be filled with hopelessness and a justifiable reason for her rage. Seven months ago, her daughter was raped and savagely murdered and her killer still remains at large. Justice has not been served and now she must intervene in Martin McDonagh's dark comedy, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. Leasing a trio of outdoor displays, she will force local law enforcement into solving her daughter's killing by announcing their ineptitude and shaming the town in the process as the situation becomes even more violent as the investigation spins out of control. The film is superb.￼Just as the morning fog rolls in like a shroud of ominous foreboding, so does a nagging sense of dread and melancholia which seems to hang onto this town and its inhabitants. Mr. McDonagh serves as director and screenwriter and has created a work of art. He deftly directs his own screenplay with masterful results, blending humor and dramatic tension seamlessly. The director / screenwriter's unique and slightly quirky vision fills his film with poetic images (a teddy bear slightly submerged by a riverbank, a deserted set of red swings gently moving in the breeze, a box turtle crawling over a sleeping woman, three disintegrated billboard alongside an empty road). His dialog is hauntingly real and filled with confrontational conversations and barbed words. There are scenes of unexpected poignancy (one between Ms. M. and a passing deer near those controversial billboards and another involving a conversation between pink bunny slippers that are heartbreaking) Each and every character, from major to minor, are fully drawn and react with complete honesty and quiet (and sometimes loud) rage.The casting is flawless. Frances McDormand is a commanding presence and makes an indelible impression as a woman on the verge. Overcome with bitterness and grief, she dominates this film with a no-holds-bar persona. The actress plays this unlikable but passionate character with a vengeance, literally speaking. She is simply astonishing. Her portrayal is a master class in acting. Even when not ranting against the powers that be or fighting to simply be heard, Mildred's silent pauses and side glances fill in all of the nuances of her character's emotional breakdown to chilling effects. (If there is any justice, on screen or off, the Oscar is waiting for her.)As Mildred's moving targets are Woody Harrelson who brings a nuanced portrayal as William Willoughby, the chief of police and Sam Rockwell playing his dim-witted, loyal, and anger-ridden deputy, Officer Dixon. Mr. Harrelson plays the film's most centered character in a town filled with hate and bigotry and the actor conveys a good man dying of cancer, frustrated by life's limitations and caught in a free fall of emotions. Mr. Rockwell takes his complicated character into areas of comedy and drama that defy description. It is a commanding performance as we watch his character grow from a bigoted mama's boy into a man finally questioning his own self-worth. (Another possible award winning performance in a film filled with great acting?) Adding even more depth to the complex plotting are Lucas Hedge as Mildred's forgotten and emotionally trampled son, Robbie, and John Hawkes as her abusive ex-husband. Only Peter Dinklage's character is a tad sketchy and in need of more screen time. He becomes her possible love interest...if Mildred could possibly love anyone. Providing fine support in minor but pivotal roles are Zeljko Ivanek, Caleb Landry Jones, Abbie Cornish, Clarke Peters, and Samara Weaving.Production values are high. Beautifully filmed by cinematographer Ben Davis, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. uses a variety of musical genres, from opera and pop standards to twangy country tunes, which set that perfect tone in Carter Burwell's atmospheric score. Both words and image create a shattering look at grief that is unmistakably heart-wrenching.Yes, there are some illogical plot twists and sudden far-fetched acts of violence that never have any legal repercussion on the culprits in this community of law and disorder. But the script has such a lyrical and moving way of expressing the everyday sadness and routine of life that is so commonplace in many rural towns. Some moviegoers also may not be satisfied with the film's conclusion either. But I was transfixed throughout this film. It is hard to imagine another film this year that is so well conceived and executed in its narrative storytelling, sensitive direction, and its glorious acting.Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is one of the year's best.

While not really billed as a comedy this movie had me laughing on so many occasions it was hard to realise that it is about such a sad situation.Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson are outstanding and Frances really did deserve the Best Actress Oscar. Being a big fan of all three top billed actors made this a very easy choice for a movie to watch and repeated viewings are almost essential.While the story and some situations are heart rending, very sad and in some cases brutal, the subtle comedy still shines though. This would have to be, for me the best movie of 2017 and I will be watching it again and again.

I couldn't wait to see this film. I love Sam Rockwell and Frances McDormand but I could never buy into this movie. Simply put the characters are stereotypical caricatures. Only McDormand has any depth. Thin story and the caricatures were too much to take.

No way did we not find out who done it, or how it ended? What a waste of time

This movie is a typical cliched hollywood crime drama. littile bit boring too. the only interesting thing is the 'billboard writing' which become a sensation after the movie. and the climax is an absolute joke. avoiding the brilliant 'the disaster artist', and nominating a movie like this itself shows the standard of oscar jury nowadays.

I enjoyed the last few minutes of this movie. Redeeming the irredeemable cop was quite a novel move, I thought. And given the entire rest of the movie followed a totally manipulative Hollywood agenda, it was the more remarkable for that. Hollywood, please, we get that all men are toxic rapists. We get that all women are strong heroes. Cops? All white supremacists. Blacks? All nobility. We GET it. Can't you just give it a rest and give us good movies? Entertainment? Sheesh. 
The irony is that the likes of McDormand and Harrelson would fly over a place like Billings with a shudder of relief that they don't have live in such a place. So both their performances came over to me as totally forced. 
And as to the ending... it actually made me laugh for audacity. You don't know how to untangle the web you've spun? Can't work out a resolution for the mystery? Oh, just cut the ending entirely. Let the audience think it's clever, artistic. 
If this film wins Oscars then there's no hope left. 4 stars for Sam Rockwell's performance alone. He steals every scene he's in and gives us at least one intriguing storyline.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri was a so so to reasonable film, that left me cold.There is no resolution in the film, other than Sam Rockwell's character becoming a better person. Despite the fact he is on the way to possibly killing someone. I didn't get much of anything out of McDormand's character, I don't see the hub bub. Had no idea Peter Dinklage was in this, why would he be in such a minor role? He can certainly carry a film better than the rest of this cast. Rockwell does good though. The film is engaging, without ever evoking much feeling. Nothing stood out, but it wasn't bad.

Ok, maybe I'm a bit biased here but I really enjoyed this movie. It's very rare that I give a movie a 9/10 rating but this movie was exceptional! It's very rare that I come across a story that pulls at my heartstrings the way this movie's story did. The characters were very sympathetic; once that you can actually relate to. People were complaining about how some of the characters were committing felonies, or seemed decent but advocated racism and it seemed too surreal and cartoonish. Well, that was one of the things I absolutely liked about this movie there was no absolute good or bad, most of the characters seemed more genuine because they were flawed. Yes, they did horrible acts from time to time but had redeeming qualities if that isn't realistic then I don't think a Hero/Villein character would have been. I enjoyed this layout so much more than the usual cookie-cutter character set up that most films seem to have. It made the movie more refreshing to watch in that you didn't fully root for one person over the other it might have made the situation appear too messy but so is real life. The grieving mother who is seeking justice for her murdered daughter isn't always a good mother, the county sheriff might be bad at his job but he really cares about the well being of those around him, the racist jerk might turn out to be quite alright one day and stop acting like a stuck up jerk. Things like that happen in real life more often than not, justice doesn't always get served and many cases go cold without having a happy ending. Cynical? Maybe but you can't argue that it's unrealistic.I highly recommend this film for anyone who's looking for something raw and a good story to watch. I hope you like it as much as I did.

So many scenes felt deliberately emotional. None of the actors' performance felt natural except may be, just may be, Woody harrelson. The movie was BEGGING us on it's knees to care about the lead character.
Oh... And those one-liners of that cop. Ughh. So pretentious.

This film was a cinema treat for my mum as she fancied seeing it on her birthday. I had no clue going in what it was about. And if I had to describe it afterwards to someone, I'm sure it wouldn't sound like a particularly amazing film. The story wasn't terribly exciting but the characters made the story so moving and gripping. The acting by everyone in it was superb. Not a big fan of all the bad language but it did make the film feel more grittily real. I usually prefer more fantastical films which give some escapism but I surprised myself and the film itself surprised me. Sam Rockwell (whom I have liked since The Green Mile) was such a dislikeable character but the way he developed through the film was really well done. The film plays well on your emotions and somehow manages to bring little bits of humour out of a tragic situation and some appalling decisions. I still smile thinking about my favourite bit when Sam Rockwell's character shies away a little bit from his lighter (because of what has happened to him - I won't spoil it by saying what). It doesn't sound funny here but he makes even a small thing like this funny. The film makes you think about how inherently decent people can make bad or good choices and what the unexpected consequences can be. I wasn't too sure about the ending but I suppose it left the viewer to decide for themselves what happened next. I would say this film definitely deserves some oscars.

A really great film. 
ending could have been better

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri - It's a bleak movie, and I do mean bleak! But it's so well made that it never becomes overbearing or depressing to sit through. In fact it's interesting, moving and entertaining throughout. The script must have been really tight, the writing is some of the best I have seen in recent years and acting is superb. Everyone brings their best(or close to) in this, but Frances McDormand steals the show with an amazing performance. If she doesn't win best female actor then something is really wrong.. It's also my pick for the best picture.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a fantastic movie with a very well developed plot and an outstanding cast. While it is slowly paced and dialogue heavy, the film never manages to get boring, I cared and was intrigued by these characters from beginning to end, wanting to see them develop. I expected it to be a lot more thrilling, it certainly moves a lot slower than Martin McDonagh's previous films, but it did not bother me one bit, the pace actually adds to the suspense and the mundanity of these people's lives. I did feel Peter Dinklage was a little wasted, I loved every scene he had and thought his characterisation was terrific, but he simply was not used enough. His character had so much more potential than what he is given. The cast is absolutely flawless, every single role, big and small, fits in to this world magnificently. Frances McDormand is completely immersed and utterly believable from beginning to end as a conflicted mother looking to avenge her daughter, and Woody Harrelson is the heart and soul of the film, delivering a character who begins simple, but winds up having a powerful arc. The highlight of the film, for me, was without any doubt Sam Rockwell as Dixon. Normally playing very likeable characters, he starts off completely unredeemable and soon later, McDonagh and Rockwell manage to make us sympathise with this character despite giving us no real reason to, great scriptwriting and acting simply comes together beautifully here. Impactful and original. Some of the best acting and writing I have seen in a while, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri does not disappoint and I would recommend it to all moviegoers.
A woman rents out three billboards in her town as a message to the police officers that still have not found her daughter's killer. 
Best Performance: Sam Rockwell

..and one of the best movies of the 2010's, if not quite easily the best movie of 2017/18. Three Billboards shows how anger, tragedy and emotions, lead to more tragedy if you react aggressively to everything happening to you. 
Three Billboards is a psychological study, a moving experiment, that is so realistic and unconventional, that when you see it, you think finally I'm seeing something really great. The acting performances are phenomenal, everybody works to his strengths. The movie discovers the principals of society, the relationships, that aren't one sided. 
But there is never a scene where you can barely predict whats going to happen. I'm not going to spoiler anything, just so you know. Go watch Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. 9/10

What a amazing movie I enjoy every moment in it in the main character is a legend 
To the people ho doesn't watch it go in watch.

Arguably this film is one of the best films of 2017 the story line was so powerful and unique at the same time, and the three leading actors ( Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson )
 brought one of their best performances till date.Frances McDormand character is fantastic she shows her toughness having this strong character to all the people 
around her, like she is saying ( i don't care about what do u think, i'll do what i want no matter what),
but when she is by herself or a closer friend who knows her very well she shows us her feeling as a broken heart women and she is still have feelings and big heart
and the director gave us that in an early scene when she helps an insect that is on her back unable to walk.Woody Harrelson also gave us one of his best heartbreaking roles that is different from most of the characters that he usually plays.But the biggest surprise for me was Sam Rockwell, he was superb at his role and he brought to the screen a complected character
in a funny way, so yes the character is racist and have this a dark side, but at the same time funny and enjoyable to watch.
he is the kind of guy who can't do anything without asking his mother first, but he is uncomfortable with that and it showes very well in the way of pronouncing her name while someone mentioning her
 and making fun of him.( i couldn't stop laughing when his mother asked him : Do u want me to go to the police station asking them to bring you back!!!)As for the whole film the directing is very good not brilliant, but again it's so decent ,
and the story is so good and enjoyable except the last part because they gave us so much at the begging and the middle of film, but at the end they closed it in an open ending style,
which i didn't like.Final rate:8 out of 10

I enjoyed this movie all the way through, the acting is terrific and it might be one of the best acted movies ever made. The story is unpredictable and the ending might not satisfy everyone but I liked it. I am glad it is nominated for many Oscars including Best Picture because it deserves it.

Martin McDonagh is one of my favorite directors and from his first two films, I was certain I knew his brand: wildly witty, self-aware nihilism; the irreverence of Tarantino and panache of Guy Ritchie blended with quaaludes to a sweet, sludgy black. In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths were both favorites of mine, but their message - if one could charitably call it that - was "Let's watch the world burn through a fogged-up funhouse mirror."Three Billboards is a different, more mature animal. It has all the cleverness, and gleeful blasphemy, of his earlier films - unquotable monologues, manic fits of disproportionate violence. But it also has something serious to say, and is willing to take its brooding time saying it. In that sense, it's hard not to compare it to his brother's film Calvary. If Calvary asked the question "What use is faith in a world whose institutions fail to earn it?", Three Billboards asks "What good is anger when there's no one to absorb the blame?" It's a story of characters filled with righteous indignation and no proper place to funnel it. Mildred Hayes can't believe her daughter's murder hasn't been solved. Sgt Dixon can't believe his boss's good name is being dragged through the mud. In typical playwright fashion, improbably heightened events are used to tease out real emotions from real people: the point isn't what happens, it's how these characters would respond if it had. Perfectly scripted and wonderfully realized (Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson are particularly great), those responses are always earned. If you go in expecting an A-to-B storyline with lovable heroes, you'll be sorely disappointed. But if you're ready to soak in a few hours of gray, you'd be hard pressed to do better than this. One of my favorites from last year.

Awesome movie, I would recommend it to those who want to watch a different movie. The film is like a western, but you are not an enemy on either side. The acting is excellent.

Three Billboards manages to be funny while it concentrates on its dark and serious subject matter. The cast turn in amazing performances with Sam Rockwell's Dixon being one of the standouts as his character arc is one of the most interesting in the film. The film reflects the harsh reality of the world we live and while the film does paint the police force in Ebbing Missouri as incompetent, it also shows the hard task that they face when trying to catch killers and rapists. The films premise and story aspects feel relatable as the tragedy that befell Frances McDormand's characters daughter, has most likely happened to someone else and the characters act in way that feels real and their reaction to certain events in the film are justified. Overall, the movie is fantastic and is definitely worth every one of its Oscar nomination's, boasting a powerful story , great performances and genuinely funny and sad moments.

Saw 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' on the promise of one of the year's best trailers, the immensely talented cast, the intriguing subject matter, the receiving and pending of numerous accolades and being familiar with Martin McDonagh's previous work. On the most part 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' was incredibly well done. Understandably it is not for all. The film has already been criticised for implausibility, bigotry, the ending and its lack of character likeability and over-the-top actions, though often without acknowledging the film's many strengths and resorting to condescension (a big bugbear of mine) towards people who liked it let alone loved it. Did have a couple of issues with 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' myself. The ending is far too abrupt and without resolution in a film crying out for one. Epileptics should beware too of a dizzyingly edited attempted murder scene, understand why it was edited that way but will admit that it did make me feel ill watching it (luckily it quickly passed). Abbie Cornish felt out of place here, she doesn't have a lot to do (not enough to single handedly ruin the film, she would have to have a far more major role to do that) but everything about her just jarred. There are some implausible behaviours and consequences, Dixon's actions were more than just a sackable offense for instance.However, there is so much to like about 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri'. With the sole exception of Cornish, who isn't in it enough to ruin the film, the acting is brilliant. Frances McDormand's performance is a career high and one of the year's best, very heartfelt and fiery, even if you don't condone some of her actions it is hard not to feel for her as she goes through every mother's worst nightmare. Woody Harrelson is heart-breaking and has the film's most sympathetic character perhaps (either he or Peter Dinklage's, although Dinklage doesn't have the film's most tragic scene). Sam Rockwell is similarly a revelation, you initially dislike his character but later on his 180 is incredibly moving and he is the character who changes and redeems the most. Peter Dinklage always makes anything better and it's the same here just by his presence alone and his performance is the most likeable one, especially towards the end where one actually feels sorry for him. Another standout is the writing, do not let the heavy use of profanity put you off. There are parts that are darkly comic and induce a number of chuckles and laugh out louds. The film also works as being one that is morally nuanced and complex, the characters are not "likeable" ones, neither were they intended to be, and make questionable decisions but they undergo changes that sees them in a different perspective (Dixon especially). A large part of me found it difficult to not relate to Mildred, her actions are extreme at times but there are parents in the same situation that feel similarly seeing as grief is an incredibly powerful and complex emotion. It's the tragic elements that resonate most though, with its heavy going themes handled very poignantly and harrowingly. 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' has a story that is deliberate but also gripping, with an adept balance of its varied tones. Which is why it is sad that it ends as unsatisfyingly as it does. With the exception of one scene, 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' is succinctly edited and grittily and beautifully shot. McDonagh directs very skilfully. Carter Burwell's music score fits perfectly and is a hypnotic, understated and melancholic score in its own right. Just as fitting in a somewhat ironic way is the use of the gorgeous "Last Rose of Summer" exquisitely sung by Renee Fleming, whose voice one familiar with and loves classical music and opera (like me) recognises from anywhere. Overall, gripping and very well done film if not perfect. The performances are among the best of the year especially but the film itself as an overall whole just falls a tad short of being one of the year's best films. 8/10 Bethany Cox

The IMDB Storyline description mentions this as a 'darkly comic drama". Personally I didn't get the 'darkly comic' part. It is a serious topic. Yes, there were a couple comedic moments, like when McDormand's character meets the billboard twenty-something office manager. Or some of the interplay between Mildred and James (Peter Dinklage). But overall, this was a serious movie regarding a serious topic.I will say it did keep my interest and from that perspective is a good movie. But it also deviated form reality which is where my disappointment came in. It is one thing to go see an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie where you expect reality to be broken and pushed to the ridiculous (think 'Last Stand'). I expect that from Arnold's movies. But this movie started in a serious note and I expected it to remain believable. For examples, it went off track when the former deputy miraculously recovers in what seemed like a day from his burns. Or the African-American sheriff that comes in and takes over. What did he do and what was the point? And then the fact 'someone' burns down the town's police department headquarters and there appears to be no manhunt to find the culprit. And this movie also included those subtle intrusions of political/social commentary, which seems like the norm now days (e.g., the black replacement sheriff, the dwarf prejudice, the bad-ass female-mother). So overall, it was interesting but left me hoping for the better that it could have been.Oh yea, on another note, then there was the ending.....

As for me modern Movies are boring because they likeness for example marvel series or transformes they have great graphics and action but they have lack of maintain of movie artwork which are: plot,actors playing,and uniqueness of idea.
If you want to watch something that worth your time you better watch this than avengers for example

I went to the movies expecting to see a good film from the director of "In Bruges" and "7 Psychopaths" , but it surprised me and went far beyond my expectations.
I mean clearly Three Billboards is 2017's surprise. It's got some of the year's best performances, from Sam Rockwell's foolish, racist, corrupt and resentful Officer Dixon to Woody Harrelson, who's proving that 2017 was his year after good performances in both "War for the planet of the apes" and "The edge of seventeen" then ends the year with this sensational performance of a beloved parent and respected chief of police confronted by an angry, grieving mother played by the incredible Frances McDormand, seriously words can't describe this woman and her performace. Besides, the supporting cast, including Lucas Hedges, John Hawkes and Peter Dincklage, was stunning although it had little sceen time.
And what can I say about writer and director Martin McDonagh's work other than complete. The screenwriting was flawless and the events were unpredictable in a way you would jump of your seat. And eventhough the film was about grief, anger and vengeance, the script has got plenty of funny moments which were all effective.
I can only think of a single flaw in the whole movie which was an unsuccessful use of CGI, otherwise, I think it would've been perfect.

Great story, stunning performances from the entire cast, perfect blend of comedy and drama, good ending, real characters saying real things and dealing with real emotions of loss, anger, hate, vengeance, love, change and redemption. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri covers all that and deserves all the praise it received. Not much more needs to be said in my opinion. My advice to you is simply to watch it and have a good time.

With a cast like this has, I would expect a good film, but to my delight, this turned out to be one of the best movies I've seen in years, not since Fargo (Frances MCDormand Won An Oscar for that and deserves one for this) have I been enthralled in a film and with performances like Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell and Peter Dinklage gives makes this film a must see.... Black Humour is not out of place and overall the film keeps you enthralled throughout..... Thank You to All who made this film possible..... Excellent.

Truly disappointed that Regal/United Artist AMC are not giving this movie the showing it deserves. Makes me sick to see this kind of discrimination. I tried calling their numbers but no option for leaving a comment or opinion. Any suggestions for me. Reflects all theaters in the 99205 zip, Spokane, WA. Are other communities across the country experiencing the same? Thanks in advance for your answer.
Best regards,
Bonnie
egal

I really hate watching movies that go along fine and you're enjoying it and then suddenly it just ends. It's like they ran out of money and just decided to call it a day, even though they hadn't gotten to the actual end of the movie! This movie is like that. I enjoyed most of it. It's funny but dark and I enjoyed the acting.... right up to the point where it ended and the credits started rolling. What the heck. No resolution as to if they go through with what they've started, and no resolution as to who the killer is. How do you make a movie about someone being killed and the victim's mother trying to do what she can to get the killer caught and then they never show it. Very disappointed! I feel like I wasted 2 hrs of my time for nothing.

We saw a lot of great movies in 2017 and I can confidently say that Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is one of them. Written and directed by Martin McDonagh the movie is a winner in every category . It's original, it has great performances and a plot full of brutal, funny and sad moments. It's balance of humor, violence and drama is remarkable and not easy at all to find in today's movies. The real asset of this movie though is Frances McDormand. She plays a non likable and very complex character and delivers one of the greatest performances I have ever seen. She manages to make you like and fully understand a violent character, basically the 'villain' of the movie something that I have experienced very few times and that's one of the reasons I gave the movie 10 stars. The truth is ,not everyone can appreciate and understand the bizarre style of the movie and I am very disappointed to see that this movie is hated by a lot of people. Love it or hate it there is no denying that Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a unique movie and definitely something that you don't see everyday. I believe though that even more people are going to love it and that's the reason I decided to write this review. To maybe push people to watch it and see with their own eyes McDonagh's great achievement.

A story of desperation and revenge as darkly funny as it is tragically bleak, "Three Billboards" pushing characters far beyond their traditional archetypes. The movie is one of the angriest films in recent memory and a wonderful dark comedy. It has moments of hilarious comedy and sincere tenderness, along with acts of nearly unwatchable violence. Despite Martin McDonagh's magnificently rich story filled with complexities and twisting turns and the well written dialogues, it's the strength of the performances from Frances McDormand (whose expressive eyes show every thought and capture the depths of her pain), Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell that keeps "Three Billboards" up. A great movie!

Every now and then a film comes out that lives up to all its pre-release hype and reputation and then some. 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' is absolutely one of those films. From the opening credits to the end I was continually impressed and taken aback by this movie at virtually all levels - From the outstanding performances to the raw and darkly funny screenplay to the wonderful score by Carter Burwell - Who incidentally composed one of my favorite western themes for the Coen Brother's "True Grit". Already being a fan of Martin McDonagh, it wasn't difficult for me to believe the people raving about this movie on the festival circuit. He is easily one of the best auteurs working today which might be helped by him being a successful former playwright. McDonagh writes and directs this film and injects it with his signature cynicism and black comedy. It just so happens that he also assembled the perfect cast led by essentially the Queen of black comedy Frances McDormand to knock it out of the park. Even though McDonagh's feature debut 'In Bruges' is perfect in my opinion, I also think 'Three Billboards' might just be his best work to date.The plot revolves around a mother named Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand) who challenges the local police department specifically the chief of police Willoughby (Woody Harrellson) after her daughter's brutal rape and murder goes unsolved for eight months, by putting up three provocative billboards outside town. This surely captures the attention of the police including one of Willoughby's officers, the racist and all round loathsome Dickson (Sam Rockwell). What follows is plenty of twists of turns that come completely unexpectedly that I will no spoil here of course. One of the biggest achievements of McDonagh's screenplay is the complex nature of all characters in the movie. Everyone is three-dimensional here, they all have flaws and they all have moments where you root for them- Very impressive when one of the characters namely Dickson is accused of torturing 'black folk' in the past. But even the protagonist Mildred does some very questionable things throughout the story.As I mentioned I absolutely love the score by Burwell which evokes Ennio Morricone's themes of the classic spaghetti westerns of the 1960's. It helps set the tone from the opening shots of the three billboards and the long winding decommissioned road that runs alongside them. The editing by Jon Gregory is also very effective in creating suspense in certain scenes and nailing comedic timing in others.One of the strongest elements of 'Three Billboards', of which there are many, is definitely the performances by the stellar cast. It is a true ensemble and probably the best one of 2017. Frances McDormand is ferocious and commanding as Mildred Hayes and she portrays her sorrow, guilt and search for justice very believably. Sam Rockwell although billed as a supporting character is pretty much a co-lead as he gets the most screen time second only to McDormand. This is probably his best role to date and it allows him to show his range as a character who in other movies would have just been reduced to a stereotype but emerges full bodied in this one. Woody Harrelson as family man and local police chief Willoughby also has a great showing and is in some of the funniest and most tragic scenes in the film - The several scenes in which his voice-over reads out a letter to certain characters spring to mind. The cast is rounded out with notable turns by a remarkable supporting cast including Caleb Landry Jones, Lucas Hedges, Peter Dinklage, John Hawkes and Samara Weaving.Ultimately, Martin McDonagh has created something truly special with 'Three Billboards' which is in tragic and heartbreaking in equal measure and is hands down the best film of 2017.

People being people at their worst, with some sentimentality, dark humor and an annoying midget in the mix. If this wins Best Picture then it'll be another sign of the world in decline. Three Thumbs Down outside the theater.

I had extremely high hopes, for this movie. From word-of-mouth, to the success it had at this year's Golden Globes, I was excited to see this. It contained an ensemble cast of actors, whose work I have cherished, and directed by the talented Martin McDonagh!All was going well until the 45th minute, or so--when the plot and performances began to nosedive (for me). I have genuinely never experienced a situation, like this, previously. The first 45mins are gripping. The performances compelling. The dialogue, raw.And then...it loses itself. Suddenly, comedy is introduced--and I mean, suddenly. Rockwell's character begins to act in such an overly oafish way. It's cartoonish.Other characters, who are initially presented as vile, suddenly are portrayed in a more favourable light--but without reason. Take this example, where McDormand's ex-husband comes back to the home, has a violent & threatening conversation with her. Complete with table flipping, and physical assault--which is only halted when the teenage son puts a knife to the father's throat. High stakes, right? Then--for some inexplicable reason--it chooses this point in the story, to introduce the husband's new 19-yr old companion. In the middle of this extremely tense scene, suddenly this new character comes in, and provides a comedic foil by using a tired stereotype, of a young lady (pretty, but dumb). I have never watched a movie while continually muttering "Oh, please...", as much as I did, with this one. Like I said...right around the 45min point, the script, plot and performances became a lot less believable.I will watch anything that McDormand stars in, and to be fair--her performance alone, is compelling.But I found this movie to be a huge disappointment. It can't decide if it's a drama, a dark comedy, a Cohen Brothers production, or all of the above. It literally felt like they had switched editors, a third into the movie. It's a shame.POST-SCRIPT:
Those who are claiming this movie is racist (?!), are ridiculous, and should not be listened to.

Diane and I saw this brilliant film yesterday; it is a film that will not dissipate from our minds like a morning fog when the sun begins to shine. Both of us found the movie something that will remain in our thought for a long time.In commenting on the film, the first thing that comes to mind is the richness of the pool of acting talent that becomes available to the director. The first is the Little person, besides the leads, he steals the screen whenever he appears. The mother of the "bad guy" takes scenes equally quickly. In short, the Director placed marvellous actors in all the roles needed; there were no soft spots where actors regardless of screen time were felt by the viewers to be "playing" at their roles.Finally the mains: the actors that wrestled with the primary roles. The primary sources have had a field day distributing well-deserved accolades to all the great actors spread throughout the movie. Out of many such remarkable speeches that stood out was the mother's criticism of the Catholic Priest; it is worth the price of entry by itself.

I read several reviews claiming this movie was racist. I almost did not see it because of this. I am so glad I did not listen. This movie was excellent. There was a character that was racist, but the movie is not. If you want to see what racism is, watch the latest Wanda Sykes stand up on Showtime. I had to turn that off it was so bad. But back to this movie. The characters, the story, the acting, the drama, the comedy, were all excellent. But be aware, this is not a happy movie, yet I laughed multiple times. Its that rare movie magic where you don't want the story to end. Hopefully it will win several Oscars. This is a MUST SEE!

Wow i should see for the beautifully written story and the screenplay. Wow for the wonderful acting by Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. And the emotional acting by Woody Harrelson. Just Wow. I thought this was just another crime thriller put in a different way but the movie is far better. There is no holes in the story. There is not a single scene which will make us think, oh can this really happen? The background music is nicely put. All together a wonderful movie which truly deserves recognition much more than golden globes. A 10 star will mot be enough. I would give this movie a standing ovation since it made me cry and think at the same time. This movie will always be close to my heart.

I love a movie that avoids having flat, token characters, and 3 Billboards is a great example of a movie with nuance and exceptional acting in dealing with tricky and complex themes. The way McDormand delves into many aspects of justice was very well done, and the ambiguous nature of characters and their intentions are well developed. Extremely enjoyable to watch, each second of dialogue and footage you're on the edge of your seat, wondering what the characters will do next. Very well done on all fronts.

I'm not really all that sure why I went and saw this film, but from the trailers it sounded interesting, and also somewhat dark, and funny, at the same time (a black comedy if you will). The first thing that I should mention is that I haven't seen a film like this for a while, where the ending is incredibly ambiguous (as it should be), and that it doesn't follow the average Hollywood cookie cutter format. Okay, while I'm not as much into independent films as I used to be, seeing something that is a little different once in a while does break the monotony of what happens to be a steadily degrading trend in modern movies.
 The film is about a mother who lost her daughter when she was raped and murdered on her way home. This is small town America in the deep south, so you could say that the average educational level of most people here is not very high, and it certain shows it. In fact, until another police officer arrives from out of town, you could say that the average intelligence of this place is not incredibly high. However, this isn't a film where we end up laughing at 'stupid' people because we happen to be intellectual snobs, but rather a film that takes us on a journey through their lives and discover that even though they may be nothing like us educated city dwellers, they are still humans with hurts and fears just like us.
 Frustrated as the fact that the police are doing very little to progress the case, our protagonist, Mildred, has an idea - she rents three billboards on the outskirts of the town along a stretch of road that basically only she uses. She then pastes some simple messages challenging the police as to why they haven't caught anybody yet. This, not surprisingly, causes a bit of a stir in the town, and in a way it seems that she is the only person who is frustrated by the lack of action, or convictions, because the town seems to be siding with the police. Well, once again not surprising considering the chief is not only well respected, but also dying of cancer.
 This film touches on few ideas, including the limits of police power and the desire of a victim or their relatives wanting to see justice down. As the police chief says: sometimes it is just impossible to find the culprit, and they may go for years not knowing anything until somebody over hears a braggart in a diner and the culprit is suddenly arrested. In a way this shows the dichotomy of humans, in that on one hand they want protections against police abusing their power, but for the police to have unlimited power when they become the victim. As long as it is somebody else that is being chased then that is okay.
 The other thing that struck me is the human element of the film. Sure, this is set in a very conservative part of the United States, a place where outsiders and people of colour are still treated with suspicion. Yet what we are struck with is the human side of these people, how they love and cry, how they hurt, and fight against each other. It is easy for us to simply write of this section of society as a bunch of idiots who have no idea about the problems that the world is facing, yet they are still human. In a way this film is attempting to bridge that gap between the left and the right, the intellectuals and the average Republican voter. It is easy for us to look down on them, and we certainly do, making accusations such as them voting against their own interests, and destroying the American state. Yet they are people, and it is easy for us to forget their humanity.
 One thing that stands out is their ability to forgive, and this is something that many of us on the left really don't know how do to. There are events in this film that would raise the ire of many, and leave to a long lasting split in friendships, yet it seems that the one thing that they seek is to mend those friendships. Somebody gets thrown out of a window in a fit on anger, yet the victim forgives the person who throws him out of the window, even though no apology was offered. In a way there is too much hate in this world, and not enough forgiveness. In one sense, by reaching out, offering a hand of friendship, and showing somebody that we forgive we can start to heal some of those wounds, and in turn seek a way forward.

What is it? A black-comedy drama. But my fear would be that with such an 'art-house' title, it's going to put a lot of people off. But it really really shouldn't. FOR THIS IS A GEM OF A MOVIE... and so, so entertaining that two hours just sped by.Frances McDormand ("Hail Caesar", "Fargo") plays a mother - Mildred Hayes - in pain. Her daughter Angela (Kathryn Newton) has been raped, set alight and murdered (so clearly LOL territory!) After ten months and no culprit arrested, she takes things into her own hands by renting the three billboards in question and posting a message to the local police chief, Willoughby (Woody Harrelson, "War for the Planet of the Apes").But the popular Chief Willoughby has his own problems, setting many in the town on a collision course with the feisty Mildred as tempers flare. Stoking the flames is the racist, unstable and unpredictable Officer Jason Dixon (Sam Rockwell, "Moon"). The billboard advertiser Red Welby (Caleb Landry Jones, "Get Out") is uncomfortably caught in the middle of the battle. In terms of the story, nothing in this film goes in the direction you expect. Willoughby's reaction to the crisis is extraordinary... in a good way. Dixon's reaction is also extraordinary for different reasons! Red herrings are scattered throughout the script to further set you off balance.The film reminded me greatly of "Manchester By The Sea", and not just because Lucas Hedges (as Mildred's grieving and uncomfortable son) is again playing a very similar role. There is gut-wrenching drama, but diffused in the blink-of-an-eye by laugh-out-loud dialogue. Whereas "Manchester" could perhaps be described as a drama with black comedy, "Three Billboards" is probably better described as a black comedy with drama. But the comedy is dark, oh, so very dark! Some of the lines are so outrageous (both in terms of language used - very extreme - and the racial/homophobic nature of it) that you are sometimes uncertain whether you should be laughing at all. But it's been brilliantly balanced and orchestrated.As I commented in "Battle of the Sexes" the Screen Actors Guild Award for "Best Ensemble Cast" is one of my favourite categories of award, and I thought that film should have been nominated (it wasn't)! But the ensemble cast in "Three Billboards" is another great example, and this one IS nominated! (Hoorah!) For this whole town just LIVES AND BREATHES, thanks to the combined efforts of the cast: as well as the lead names, the cast includes Peter Dinklage ("Game of Thrones") as a diminutive used car salesman; Caleb Landry Jones as Red Welby; Zeljko Ivanek as the police desk sergeant; Amanda Warren ("mother!") as Mildred's put-upon co-worker and (particularly) Sandy Martin as Dixon's wizened and cranky old mother. All are fed with great lines and scenes to bring the story alive. At the helm is writer/director (and London-born!) Martin McDonagh ("In Bruges", "Seven Psychopaths") and he delivers genius. I recently cruelly made fun of the writers of the awful "Pitch Perfect 3" for not coming up with any sort of viable plot. Here I am at the other extreme, in awe of how someone can sit down with a blank piece of paper and come out with this story, these characters and this dialogue. It would be foolish so early in the season to predict the Oscars, but here must be a great candidate for Original Screenplay.Elsewhere I would see Frances McDormand and Woody Harrelson both as Oscar nominees for Best Actress/Actor and Sam Rockwell is surely a shoe-in for a Best Supporting Actor nomination for this.... I wonder what odds I can get for a win? Jason Dixon (is this perhaps a pun because he always keeps crossing "the line"?!) will I think be one of the most memorable characters for me in the cinema this year: a character you can despise, pity and even strangely admire at stages throughout the two hours. Something that Rockwell balances with consummate skill.In terms of my one criticism, the script (in my opinion) rather over-eggs the pudding in the last ten minutes, stepping over into actions I didn't find realistic. It was a nice ending when it came, but not one I felt invested in. So I'm going to put my (rarely used) '10*' back in my pocket, and instead rate this one just a tad lower. But regardless of that, ignore the title and GO AND SEE THIS ONE! (Just a final note for those severely affected by the subject matter: while there is some significant violence in the film, the rape is not shown - i.e. there are no "flashback" scenes, apart from some - very brief - corpse photos in a folder Willoughby looks through).(For the full graphical version of this review please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks).

Amidst the oppressive noise level of heavily formed but largely empty and meaningless clunkers like the two behemoths currently bloating out the screens at multiplexes, "Thor: Ragnarok" and "Justice League" , if you look carefully, you can still find some cinematic gems here and there. Such as "Three Bilboards outside Ebbing, Missouri"A movie born out of the pain and sorrow brought on by incomprehensible and tragic loss, seething anger at the injustice in this world and the injuries inflicted by life, wounds that never really heal, because they are not physical but exist only in the soul.The scar-tissue which forms from that can birth something both wonderful and simultaneously terrifying. The cast is exquisite, the story powerful and poignant and the movie as a whole is an affirmation of what it is to be human and live through it day after day. The balance of tragedy and humour is brilliant, because they both make sense as fellow travellers. If misery loves company, then this movie also proves that it loves comedy. Characters you think you have pegged as an overwrought and exaggerated stereotype turn out to be anything but. Easily one of the best movies of the year.Do yourselves a favour and forgo the fast- food, zero calories spectacles and give this movie a chance. You may be reminded that movies can have substance and stand for something, especially during these dark days we are traversing.

This movie doesn't even know what it wants to be. A black comedy? The suicide was hilarious! Except for McDormand, the acting is awful, the direction worse, the end result a disaster.

The term "masterpiece" must be THE most inflated term on IMDB.
Should I laugh or cry?
Laughable movie.

Another Hollywood film that relies on excessive profanity to carry it...people just do not talk like that in Missouri or anywhere. Do cuss words add to the entertainment factor? Apparently the screenwriter morons of this flick thought so. Nearly 100 F-bombs and 50 GD's, not to mention numerous references to c---ts, and one main character throwing out GD's in front of his young daughters. The film is a cesspool that drowned me in shocking and raw language that kept me from enjoying the actors and plot. Hated it.

I can't believe the negative reviews from some people.FINALLY A MOVIE WITH A WELL THOUGHT PLOT.characters with depth,dialogue that's sharp and witty.The casting is tremendous,Woody harrellson has come so far from Cheers mcdormand depicts a woman insane with grief yet still likeable and believable.I have not seen a movie that every one in the cast,star or walkon,so believable and realistic.the ending could not have been more of a depiction of the two main characters redemption and logical.I can't remember the last time I left a movie so provoked to analize,and relive every morsel of story and character development.If you LOVE movies, this one is it !

What is so good about "3 billboards..:" you may ask?I really don't know. It does have some whacky Coen-esque characters, some people shouting non sequiturs, dwarves and arsonists, but nothing compared to Woody Harrelson's chin, which really is the star of the movie.If you like comedy you'll half like it. If you like serious drama you'll half like it. If you fully like it, it means you are similar to the characters in the movies: very weird. And not fully human.

The film is framed by different forms of blankness. The first shot is of the three shredded and dilapidated billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri. Each is a fragmented ruin of a past life and meaning — like the characters we meet later. In the last the screen is filled with Mildred and Dixon driving to Idaho either to kill or not to kill the rapist who threatened Mildred in her shop, then later beat up Dixon in the bar. He has described having raped someone — presumably while on duty in the Middle East — but it wasn't her daughter. Their decision remains unknown, a blank, but it doesn't matter. These former antagonists are at last united, despite her having started the fire that scarred him and his former brutality as a cop.The subject of the film is how Mildred and the billboards bring each other back to life. She revives them as a ploy to pressure Sheriff Willoughby to move on her raped and killed daughter's case. That initiative also returns her to a renewed purpose in life. Her moral revival spreads to Dixon, when Willoughby's letter to him encourages a new self- respect and a check on his violent rage. It's not just the town that's ebbing. Life, hope, community, self-respect, all seem sapped from the characters whether directly or indirectly affected by the young girl's murder.The four main women provide an interesting antithesis. Mildred's ex's 19-year old girlfriend and adman Red Wilby's secretary are two perky ditzes edging into the world of experience. At the other extreme Mildred and Dixon's mother are hard cases, forged by experience into an indomitable will. In the middle stands Willoughby's pretty young widow, blessed with a loving husband and two delightful daughters but dashed by her husband's cancer and suicide. Her unintentionally cruel confrontation of Mildred shows her strain and insecurity. The Peter Dinklage character James is a dignified counterpoint to the variously swaggering ex and Dixon — and at its worst, the soldier rapist. James is a comic replay of the sheriff's integrity and character.This black, salty comedy is distinguished by the range of quirky characters, the brilliant offbeat dialogue and the complexity of characterization. Dixon's first conversation with the sign-man is a Beckettian (or Abbott and Costello) piece of classic non-communication. Mildred may check her children's obscenity but spews inspired herself.And everyone has a backstory. Mildred's ex may seem a pathetic wife-beater turned cradle-robber but he's also in his own way trying to come to terms with his daughter's loss. Unable to cede Mildred any ground, he burns down her billboards. Mildred seems driven by maternal devotion — but she's haunted by guilt, after her quarrel with her daughter sent her off to her doom. Her son is twice torn — between needing to turn away from his sister's loss and his mother's obsession with it and between his warring parents. Even the buffoonish Dixon musters our sympathy when we learn his rage dates back to his father's death. So does his dependence on his mother. To get his suspect's DNA he invites a physical beating as if to atone for his own violence before. There's a double redemption and reconciliation when his own victim Red brings him an orange juice in the hospital. Sheriff Willoughby is our first and presiding case of redemptive revelation. Foul-mouthed and angry at the interruption of his Easter dinner, he proves a loving father and husband. His suicide note to his wife turns the hellish world we've been watching into the heaven he has found in his family. If we start with Mildred's view of the incompetent lazy sheriff, we're turned by his brave handling of his cancer, especially when Mildred comforts his eruption. He embraces Mildred by paying the next month's fee for the billboards embarrassing him. His note to Dixon confirms our sense of an honourable man caught in a dilemma beyond his easy solution, but simply trying to do the best he can. For everyone.

Questions and accusations go hand in hand when everyone knows everyone. Mildred has thrown up a three-part whooper of an interrogative just on the outskirts of town, just so any newcomers are privy to the neglect that burns through her faded, but defiant jumpsuit.The billboards' target lands on Chief Willoughby, a rugged yet compassionate family man, who loves saying "goddamn", and his force provides all the opportunities to pull it out. A man capable of viewing the larger picture in a speck of a town, he spatters red in attempts to wipe the advertising demons out of mind. Mildred has always spoken with her hands, and the moment she once spoke spiteful words haunts her to this day. Holy men, and blue men have no chance of cooling her. They are all culpable for the breakfast silences and cereal fights. Her son, Robbie, writhes in discomfort as she disregards reputation with crotch kicks and viral marketing.Officer Dixon is more of a short fuse than a racist, but particular sins float to the surface. His actions are deplorable, yet his heart rests in his momma's lap. He is the canine companion of Willoughby, and acts in contradiction to the Chief's every command. This zealot disciple might just be an incarnate desire emerging from a red wall. The inter-connectivity of small town living makes for scolding tempers and egregious lack of judgments. When a big city crime creeps into their preservation, Ebbing inhabitants end up making unlikely friends and easy enemies. Arson becomes untraceable, but the motive is as clear as the pain of a lost child, or perhaps husband.McDonagh has wrangled his wacky surrealism into a heart-stabbing community drama complete with genuine surprises and courageous late chapter restraint. Falling in love with the most slimy characters reveals how truly empathetic his vision was in creating a mystery with no clues and only heartache and growth.

"Hate begets hate; violence begets violence; toughness begets a greater toughness." - MLK Jr.It is perhaps the most sentient lesson one can take from Three Billboards Outsie Ebbing, Missouri. The darkest film of 2017. A film so unrelentingly angry and brutal, that it laughs in self-awareness and asks the audience to do the same. Not a single person in this film is likable, by any stretch. Not a single line of dialogue is delivered with the premise of you bursting out laughing. Three Billboards is what it is. Unapologetically politically incorrect and gritty. Martin McDonagh piles it all on high like a plate at Thanksgiving dinner (to make a timely reference). But consequently, it gives the film a charm of it's own and a poignancy that is unmistakable. Reminiscent of the great films of the Coen Bros. and Quentin Tarantino, Three Billboards takes itself as far as it can go down the dark comedy rabbit hole and you will be smitten by that instantly. Three Billboards is a remarkable film and the most memorable film I've seen this year.Frances McDormand, in what can only be described as her most commanding on-screen performance since Fargo, plays Mildred Hayes. The grieving, blisteringly vengeful mother of a young girl raped and murdered by an unknown psychopath. In righteous indignation, she rents out Three billboards, that just so happen to be outside of Ebbing, Missouri (as the title suggests), that bluntly criticize the police department of Ebbing for what she sees as incompetence. "Raped while dying," "And still no arrests," "How come, Chief Willoughby?" they read. Chief Willoughby, played by Woody Harrelson, takes offense by the billboards as he feels it unfairly targets him, especially coming on the heels of his cancer diagnosis. Backed up in outraged is Officer Jason Dixon, played by Sam Rockwell, in a role that seems tailor made for a young Michael Rooker . Officer Dixon is the world's stupidest cop and the most bigoted for sure. As time goes on, the outrage comes to ahead when a new specific tragedy (that I won't spoil) happens to Chief Willoughby. Defiant, Mildred insists that the billboards stay up. The tables have turned for Dixon, who now has a righteous anger of his own. Desperate for revenge, he tries to get back at Mildred, only to reap what he has sowed, by chance, in a Molotov cocktail attack on the police station. Also, by sheer chance, he runs into who he thinks is the killer of Mildred's daughter and to atone for his bad cops sins, tries his best to indite the SOB.What is this movie getting at? A simple tale of the madness of current American society at it's core. Nobody is ever who they seem and we all aren't perfect. Also, how fate can change lives and the perspectives of themselves and others on a dime. Furthermore, tragedy and hate tend to become vicious cycles, as we all like to blame some kind of scapegoat to heal ourselves. It never does. Three Billboards cuts deep, even as it takes itself not very seriously... or so we think? The characters all curse up a storm and beat each other up, yet they all cry real tears. Can a film this strange make you feel the feels? The answer is it does. By some miracle, it does.

Many have referred to McDonagh's film as a black comedy and it does have a lot of grim humor. But it's also a film about grief, revenge and ultimately about doing right by others. Harsh is the most apt way to describe the film's mentality. Nobody emerges from this story pure. You will come away battle-scarred but also grateful at having absorbed a refreshingly blunt take on human nature. I wish I could say more, but this is a film where one should go in knowing as little as possible, as I did.Frances McDormand absolutely shines as the mother of a murdered teenage girl. She has watched for months as the police department in her local town has not come up with any arrests. She takes matters into her own hands by putting up billboards demanding answers from the authorities. From there on, the town swells into a maelstrom of rancor, vendetta, recrimination and, if I gave away more it would spoil too much. Sam Rockwell is equally impressive as the dim-witted cop with supposedly little self-discipline and a short fuse. And Woody Harrelson is great as the highly-regarded police chief who suddenly finds a roiling controversy on his hands.In terms of cinema embracing a dark, cynical point of view, this is the hardest film I've seen since "Nightcrawler". It takes its bleak view of the world and splashes it all over the screen from start to finish. There are scarce moments of rejuvenation and optimism. For the most part, the film revels in its dark sarcasm all the while keeping the audience guessing about the its resolution and making no guarantees. The themes of grief and anger at the system's lack of results and thus taking matters into one's own hands are powerfully rendered here. The sense of victimhood takes a back seat to up-from-the-bootstraps empowerment. Love it or hate it, this film makes its points with conviction and sincerity, however rough around the edges. Strongly recommended.

Movie tries way to hard to be something its not .. and this crap won oscars .. what a waste of time

I watched this because of all of the award nominations but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. She puts up the billboards to get attention on her cold case so they will investigate it but no investigation takes place. So then what's the point of the movie? I don't know because nothing really happens in it except people getting mad at each other. It's slow, boring and pointless. It is also bizarre and senseless. Also, they indicate in the movie that Missouri is in the South. I spent most of my adult life in Missouri and Missouri is part of the Midwest. You would think if they set a movie in Missouri they could have at least looked up that fact. Awful movie.

I went to see "Billboards" solely because of the great Frances McDormand.(Guess I'll never forget "Fargo") Naturally she was simply tremendous in "Billboards",could win Best Actress while cussing with "effing" everything in sight with particular emphasis on Willoughby played by another tremendous talent, Woody Harrelson. Oh by the way, this film could cop the Best Picture Oscar but certainly not in my book. The problem is this: although the story is good, the film's tedious to watch. Mighty boring at times.Way too slow moving for me. So if you see it and like it, please don't go after my tail. Thank you for your time reading my review. Bye for now. rickscafe419

I wasn't sure about seeing this but for some great actors - John Hawkes, Rockwell, McDormand et al - and my fears were completely borne out. Not since the appalling August Osage County have I seen such a truly VICIOUS movie as this. Every character in this thing is bitter, spiteful, crass and violent. What is it with HollyWeird thinking this crap is what we want to watch? That it's somehow representative of Us Still-Evolving Rednecks in middle America? The sneering coastal elitism and over-the-top christianity-vilification is extremely insulting and tiresome. Replace "The Scene" in this flick involving Frances' character as a typically-condescending liberal shredding a priest for institutional sexual abuse and replace her entire dialogue with "hollywood rapists" vs "Catholic boys club" and it would be far FAR more accurate. (Mexican cartels slaughtering people at our porous border? ATTACK THE CHURCH. Muslims murdering innocents internationally near-daily? THOSE D*MN CATHOLICS. Christians being slaughtered like cattle in the Middle East? PREDATOR PRIESTS! What shameful cowardice, HollyWeird - try turning the mirror on your orgiastic selves). What a relentlessly ugly film - but I guess we who are sick of garbage like this are "unsophisticated neanderthals", an epithet I'm truly sick of. My advice: Stay home or watch on Netflix if you don't have any paint you wish to watch dry instead....or maybe real-time geologic erosion. Something, ANYTHING.

More of the same. I've seen this plot thousands of times ... the lady who is being wronged on a ranch in the middle of nowhere ... North American directors, writers, actors no longer have creativity.

From a very focused starting point, that seems almost poetic, namely three Billboards outside a small town with a simple question asked in an accusetory tone the movie gets desorientend and graps to sentimalism in order to create progression.Mildred is angry. Angry and bitter beyond point of no return. She insists upon, and thereby gambling everything in her life, to have those three billboards standing, accusing the local sheriff (Woody Harrelson) for not catching the person who raped, killed and burnt her daughter.We follow the reactions in the town as a result of this and at this point it seemed like an interesting premise to explore what conflicts and alliances this could bring about.Sad to say, but every single personality trait was stereotyped.... I will elaborate by pointing out how the movie seemed to try to force us to laugh of two insecure and retarded people making stupid comments as their most defining characteristic. Even Adam Sandler is more funny than this.Everybody shouts, curses, threats and beats the hell out of each other.And then, more or less as a consequence of the sheriffs suicide, everybody decides to become friends and although the movie plays on the socialdrama theme, the reconciliation is fairy tail like. For instance (spoiler) One of the retarded police officers has beaten the hell out of a guy and afterwards thrown him out of a first floor window. By accident they share a room in a hospital and this guy without any preliminary process of anger accepts the apology by leaving a glass of orange juice on the officers table. That scene in itself made me want to leave the cinema. My god!Definition of "Melodrama": a sensational dramatic piece with exaggerated characters and exciting events intended to appeal to the emotions.Need I say more?Regards SimonPs.
I have only once left the cinema before time (Sean Connery in "Medicine Man" 1992) but was very, very close at doing that again...PPs. When you read reviews that gives max score check to see if the user has made more than one review. If not consider the possibility of a lobbyist. If you agree consider putting this post scriptum at the bottom at your own reviews.

Two of the finest dark comedies released in the past 20 years have included "In Bruges" and "Seven Psychopaths" both of these films were written and directed by Martin Mcdonagh. 5 years after his release of "Seven Psychopaths" Martin Mcdonagh has released "Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing Missouri" another perfect black comedy filled with a a lovable but flawed cast of characters."In Three Billboard Outside of Ebbing Missouri" Frances McDormand plays a mother named Mildred who desperately wants justice for her daughter who was raped and murdered. She decides to take action into her own hands by putting up three very abrasive Billboards that criticize the cops who failed to solve this case. In doing this Mildred angers many cops and citizens including Sam Rockwell's Dixon and Woody Harrellson's Willoughby in the small town of Ebbing Missouri leading to torment that can be humorous at times while also being darkly disturbing.Three Billboards succeeds at everything it sets off to do. The one thing it succeeds at the most, however, is the introduction of the huge ensemble cast in a fluid and natural way. Each one of the characters has been fully developed in a satisfying way leading to redemption in some cases and tragedy in others. The main reason this development works so well is the performances. Frances McDormand is fantastic as Mildred and makes you feel the desperation, and regret every time she is on screen. Sam Rockwell is FANTASTIC as the dim-witted corrupt cop Dixon. Rockwell's performance offers a huge amount of comedy while also offering some the most disturbing moments in the film. Woody Harrellson Peter Dinklage and Lucas Hedges all also do a fantastic job in the film.The Cinematography was stellar, it fills the small town of Ebbing Missouri with life and beauty. There is one stellar one shot in the film that never shies away from the horrific event that is occurring on screen.All in All "Three Billboard Outside of Ebbing Missouri" is a funny dark ride that pays off in every way because of the great acting by every member of the ensemble cast and the direction by Martin Mcdonagh

Yaaaaawn
Woody Harleson is the highlight of this yaaaaawn.
I was left with more questions than answers, not to mention a feeling I wasn't getting this 2 hours back...
Do yourself a favour, go watch The Equaliser again......

I have been waiting to know the rapist and what will happen to him after all of these 1 hour and 55 minutes' events and scenes and the movie has just ended safely with nothing at all for me.

I don't get it.
The movie started out interesting but took some very strange turns.
I realized it was so supposed some kind of parody, deliberately being over the top and non-nonsensical.In the end I just didn't get it and didn't have the patients for it.
Maybe it's a movie that appeals to some people, but thought it was garbage.

This is a great movie whose only fault is that dialogue is sometimes too witty for its own good. But this is a deep and touching movie, that speaks the truth and inspires and touches the viewer. Like Blue Ruin, it has a lot to say about justice and injustice and has an ironic steak, but it is a somewhat richer and more interesting movie.Apart from great acting and interesting premise, it has a fun dialogue that sometimes comes across as contrived and unnatural, and that is the only objection to it. But it is great fun, and movie has a lot to say and it does in a way that uses talents of perhaps the best English speaking screenwriter of this age, if you are into darkly humorous tones and intelligent and profoundly true script. The best of the applied Irish literature at work.

In what universe is this movie great. Its a mess, plot wise, character wise, acting is horrible and it is the opposite of character study or evolution.
So many thing to choose from but the main things that are most wrong are the things that are most praised by critics. The acting for example. You can PLAINLY see Rockwell and Harrelson occassionally barely stiffling a laught in the interactions, when Rockwell is playing a fool, like in the office with Frances. I dont understand how they let something so visible through the editing process. Or Frances, every time when trying to "act" she looks serious and then in the last 2 seconds before cut, she narrows her eyes. ITs like watching a wooden 1 year acting student act. 
Or the so called character study and supposed brilliant portrayal. I understand the pain and regret of the last encounter with the daughter but the woman was a complete B*tch from beginning to the end, the was no progress in her story. And how does killing a person correlate to anything good in the movie or their lifes? Fine, they werent sure but just when they were supposed to be seeing the senselessness of the world and life, their characters take a huge step, not step even, lead back in their development and go back to the beggining. 
Not to mention how she was portrayed as compassionate and starting to understand things and then in the SAME 2 minutes she completely insults and devalues her date in the restaurant but then goes and does something "nice" for her husband's date. Who TF wrote this nonsense. Make up your mind.
Lets not even get into the Woody shooting himself with kids in the house when he couldve done much more considerately etc...
Poor acting, poor plot, no character development.... wtf is everyone thinking.

Don't go by the ratings,the movie is just absurd .

I'm giving this movie 5 stars solely on the performance of the cast and what COULD'VE been an original screenplay. I took issue with many parts of the film and storyline in general, as well as the ending that feels almost incomplete and leaves the viewer with many questions. I spent the first half of the movie thinking this was based on a true story and that made the entire thing FAR more interesting. It was only when I googled it midway through that I realized it was fiction and was highly let down. Knowing that the writers, director, and producer could've piloted this ship wherever they wanted and ended up with THIS? Well, that's disappointing. First off - how and why did Peter Dinklage agree to do this film? His character was extremely flat and overly pointless in the end, and we're left wondering why he even existed in this film in the end. Did they write the character to simply provide the alibi to the new police chief? It sure feels that way. And what was the point in the date he and Mildred went on? Second - is ANYONE facing charges for ANY of their transgressions? How can you assault the local dentist, march into the local police station and verbally assault a police officer, lob Molotov cocktails at the police station until it's a fiery inferno that nearly kills a man, and then get away with all of it with little - if any - questioning? What about Dixon torturing suspects, or nearly killing Red? Nothing? Isn't our supposed protagonist's character arc centered around her anger and resentment from someone else getting away with crime(s) and seeing very little effort from the police (at least in her eyes)? Isn't this why she, and most of the town for that matter, despise Dixon? Was this intentional irony or just a massive oversight? Why did 'crop-haired guy' even stop in the gift shop and terrorize Hayes in the first place? How often does this guy from Idaho (a good 8-10 hours away at least) just come hang out in this small MO town, and why? His actions and character make zero sense outside the scope of being an obvious plot device. I get that the lines between protagonist and antagonist were supposed to be blurred by the end of the movie, it was fairly easy to spot that attempt; but it WASN'T so clear how this even tied into or resolved the overall story. A "flip-flopping" character arc only works if the viewer sees how it affects the overall theme or answers any questions in the end; not here though, it's left entirely open ended and the writing is vague enough to leave the viewer wondering. DID they kill the man in Idaho? WOULD they kill the man in Idaho? Are they GOOD people or are they BAD people?  I have no idea either way and the writing is poor enough to leave the viewer with a crapshoot 50/50 guess in the end instead of an "OH I GET IT!" kind of feeling. I get the reasoning behind not making it completely obvious, but at the same time people watch movies for their entertainment and artistic value and don't want to leave it feeling like there's another episode next week to wrap it all up - when there isn't. Luckily I downloaded and watched this movie at home for free; I would neither suggest or advise against anyone doing the same.

This movie has a good acting, perfect directing, but the story is way too weak. It is based not a dark comedy story, but it's rather a very confusing, unrealistic, childish story. Dialogues were so contradicting and extreme, for so many times there were gags, actions, comedy, and tragedy lines hitting the viewer within 30 seconds. Not a 5 minute goes by without swearing, in the sickest way possible. Who would believe that a respected man calls his wife with the b word, or a kid calls his mom the c word? It is the worst story being put into a movie by such well-know talented actors, which makes me feel so sorry to have watching it. I gave it 3 stars only because I like the actors. I wish one can single out a rating for the acting, and another for the story. This plot of the story was fine if it was not destroyed totally by all that nonsense filling it, therefore the story rates 1/10 in my opinion.

Who want to watch again?? Oscar? Why? No story, no idea.

Mrs. Shullivan and I were looking forward to seeing this move what with all the hype after receiving six (6) nominations and actually winning two (2) Academy Awards on March 05th, 2018. The cinematography and dramatic performances were both very good. We were however categorically disappointed in the outcome.Yes, Frances McDormand who plays a divorced mother named Mildred who loses her daughter prematurely as a result of a rape and brutal murder is distraught and frustrated with the local Ebbing Missouri police department who are making zero progress on finding out who was responsible for her daughters rape and murder, and what parent wouldn't be frustrated? However Mildred is not such a quiet introverted nor a passive mother. She is divorced from an abusive husband and willing to go to great lengths to literally push the Ebbings police department and especially the town's Sheriff Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) to put a heck of a lot more effort into investigating her daughters murder and to keep her informed into the police department's progress, or lack there of. I really thought the film had a strong cast including the likes of John Hawkes, Lucas Hedges, Zeljko Ivanek, Amanda Warren, Abbie Cornish, Peter Dinklage and Clarke Peters whose characters did not match up to the respected actors capabilities. In other words their performances were forgettable as they were peripheral roles in the film and the story line was suspect at best. Sam Rockwell and Frances McDormand won an Oscar each for their performances, and Woody Harrelson could have and maybe should have beaten out his co-star Sam Rockwell for best supporting actor, and kudos to them all but I did not think this film was worthy of receiving six (6) Oscar nominations.Most disappointing was the abrupt ending after watching the film for near to two (2) hours which I will not divulge so as not to have to provide a spoiler alert. Maybe the Cohen brothers have plans for a sequel but that would be nothing more than sheer box office greed leaning on their suprising six (6) Academy Award nominations and two (2) winns to which I for one will not be fooled. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.I give the film a decent 6 out of 10 rating but Academy Award recipient, I think not.

For me, whimsy couldn't overcome the poorly written dialogue and utterly unbelievable character interactions. Also, where is my conclusion? I don't understand why critics always swoon over ambiguous endings. If you're going to tell half of a story, I want to pay half the price.

While I have a been a fan Of Frances McDormand since Fargo, this movie does however disappoint me to quit an extend.
She plays her role well, a feisty women who wants to take matters in to her own hands after her daughter is brutally raped and murdered and no one seems to care.
As a parent you can only feel compassion for her rage and determination.
That is the good side of the movie, the not so good is the fact all of the prejudices they want to shove down my throat.
In no particular order these are the ones that irritated me the most:
The black woman/man getting suppressed by the police;
The police is always well represented with bigots;
Pot should be legal;
It is perfectly fine to burn down a police station if you feel they let you down;
It is absolutely necessary to kick teenagers in the groin when they don't answer your question;
And last but not least, you should always compare a priest or pastor with a gang member.
The only thing missing is the son not being a member of the LBGTQ community, the all the leftists would be satisfied with this movie.My point being, leave politics out of the movie if they don't contribute to the story.
This movie could have been so much better, but luckily Frances saved the day.This movie receiving any Oscar at all is preposterous and an insult to all the viewers.

I do admit that it wasn't as bad as some movies I pick, it did keep my attention thinking something was going to happen other than people being angry at each other but nope, nothing did. How can a movie like this get such good reviews and receive 2 Oscar awards? With all of the cursing and bad behavior? What is this really teaching anyone? That's it's ok to blow up a police station and not be arrested for it? For a cop to throw a kid out a window and only be fired? I couldn't hardly stand to watch due to all of the cursing, I was about to cut it off but kept trying to ignore that. Why can't movies be written using another word in its place, I mean really. There are millions of words that can be used in place of them, can they not think of anything else? A movie is so much better without all that and even if the movie was boring and no cursing, I would give it a better review than this one. And why since the movie was filmed in our beautiful mountains of North Carolina that North Carolina can't be in the name? Why Ebbing Missouri when there isn't a town named Ebbing? It wouldn't sound as good? These Hollywood movies are really going down hill and the reasons why I don't watch as many as I used to. I was thinking since this received an Oscar that it was actually going to be a great movie.

Three Billboards was a well made quirky dark comedy, but it is a little forgettable. I thought the performances were fine and it was mostly well made, but am I missing something? The story was meandering and mostly uninteresting. Also, this movie didn't have any emotional impact. What am I missing? Why is this the best movie of 2017 for a lot of people.

This film really did blow me away, I mean I knew it was going to be good but...not that good! McDonaugh had my undivided attention immediately, and he didn't let me go. Not once. That in itself, is a damn achievement. The mother of a daughter who was raped and murdered rents three billboards as a way of getting the police's attention to find the killer. Sounds like it should be boring right? So you bring in the writer and director of 'In Bruges' and 'Seven Psychopaths' to mix things up abit. What he has managed to conjure up is the perfect equilibrium of depressing real life situations with dark humour in order to create a story about grief. You may not necessarily agree with Mildred's methods yet it evokes sympathy, you empathise with her. Her cold harsh exterior disguises the sadness and sorrow within. When I say harsh, I mean she is savage. Dropping F-Bombs more frequently than a B-2 Stealth, she obliterates anyone in Ebbing who gets in her way...and it is so satisfying to watch. I don't condone large usage of profanity in a script, but when it's put to ingenious use it somehow brings a smile to my face. "Yeahhh, kick them in the crotch!". It's a strange trait that actually complements McDormand's portrayal, and wow did she blow my mind. She was devastatingly outstanding to which I'm sure she will win many awards. Her serious demeanour just added to the hilarity of this dark comedy. Rockwell was hilarious as the local idiot officer and also deserves recognition. Harrelson provides some much needed heart and emotion as the chief of police. McDonaugh's best directing effort thus far. The musical score was well suited to the rustic town of Ebbing. I do think the ending could've been cut short by about 5 or 10 minutes, and very occasionally the pacing dips. Very minuscule criticisms for a near perfect film which I'm sure will be even more enjoyable after a repeat viewing. I can smell all the awards from here...

British filmmaker Martin McDonagh's third feature, TBOEM whisks audience off to an American whistle stop of an unspecified time, possibly in the 90s, since the last client of the titular billboards was from 1986 until our protagonist, a grief-driven Mildred Hayes (McDormand), rents them with texts "Raped while dying", "And Still No Arrests?", and "How Come, Chief Willoughby?" painted in crimson red, as a vehement remonstrance to the slow-in-progress investigation of her murdered 20-year-old daughter Angela (Newton). The recipient Police Chief Willoughby (Harrelson, the real top-form supporting player here to spew blood and blow heads), on the other hand, is ailed by the impending mortality in the form of cancer, who is not a slouch professionally speaking, on the contrary, he is beloved by the populace, and expresses his resolution to track down the murderer, unfortunately Angela's case is in paucity of both evidence and witness, teetering on the edge of becoming a cold one, and when he is unable to carry on the investigation, the baton is taken up by Jason Dixon (Rockwell), a racist cop who undergoes a major redemptive turnabout thanks to a letter written by Willoughby. In this bifurcating narrative, one centers on Mildred's militant reactions in the face of the inconsolable bereavement, the ramifications of her contentious advertisement, which bear on the tension between her and her son Robbie (Hedges), ex-husband Charlie (Hawkes, exuding a piercing layer of panache against a formidable McDormand). Scourged by guilt, anguish and grievance, Ms. McDormand reincarnates herself with a tour-de-force seethed with belligerence and compassion, and these two facets' dichotomous incongruence is ambidextrously sublimed into a completely believable persona, a woman who is troublingly reckless, deeply mired in her personal crisis, yet, spurns any throwaway commiserations and homily with razor-sharp astuteness and holds onto the flickering hope of justice in a heartbroken hankering. Oscar No. 2 beckons for this hard-nosed leading lady, a no-bullshitting force of character that quite swims with the topical tide of women's ME TOO movement. Jason's plot is in no way less salient than Mildred (I will defend that he is a co-leading role up to my deathbed), but this less pathbreaking male-white-trash-goes-good thread feels self-pleasing in the milieu albeit Rockwell nails the character to the hilt with his indissoluble commitment, Jason's transmogrification is thematically satisfactory (although his closeted homosexuality doesn't get a bigger canvas to play betrays the film's conservative-pampering disposition, a wasted opportunity for the up-and-coming Caleb Landry Jones as the unbelievably congenial Red Welby, the manager in the advertise company who is unwarrantedly subjected to Jason's heinous physical abuse, the latter's underlying sexual frustration is left only faintly hinted), it almost renders its contrived sensation (Jason obliviously reading the letter when Mildred tossing Molotov cocktails to the police station where he is) extraneous, because we need someone to track down the killer so badly. Therefore, in the end of the day, it is Martin McDonagh's cracking facility of unorthodox storytelling that becomes the linchpin in luring a plethora of admirers (this reviewer included), his script flouts conventionalism (yes, pesky kids do need a good kicking!), larded with eccentricity and humor, often when one is least expected (Charlie's 19-year-old new girlfriend Penelope is a hoot, of course, in second-guessing, it is a common tack to find excuse for men in those May-December pairings), and tones down violence but ups his antes in laying bare the complex tie-ins throbbing under the bracket of humanity and morality, warts and all. The truly astonishing but also whip-smart ploy is the open-ended coda, just when we think a climax is in the offing, the film brings down its curtain roundly, what else can top that? As either outcome of Mildred and Jason's vigilante act will look less impactful in the aftermath, a substantial closure may or may not attainable, life can be as misty as the film's opening shots, the cardinal message is that both have found the right path to move on, one has to hand it to Martin McDonagh for its resultant brimming gratification left in its spectator's mind.

A hard-nosed mother, at the end of her rope, rents a trio of billboards to remind local police that they still have no suspects in her daughter's seven-month-old rape and murder. Very Coen-esque, and not just in that it stars Frances McDormand, who's appeared in half a dozen of their films and is actually married to one of the brothers. Most notable is the way director/screenwriter Martin McDonagh (In Bruges, Seven Psychopaths) gets us familiar with dozens of rounded, colorful characters, fleshes them out and makes us care about how their paths intertwine. Or, in most cases, how they collide, break apart and ricochet into the next unsuspecting object. This really gets going in the second act, when a core character makes a profound decision that results in a solid hour of nonstop chain reactions. But it's not all dark gristle and angry monologues. Often, it works as an effective black comedy, which I realize is a tough thing to recognize after admitting it's about a rape investigation. Such tension-breakers are crucial, though, to keep us from getting too bogged down in the solemnity of it all, and to maintain a sense of momentum. Wonderfully shot, with plenty of time dedicated to exploring the beat-up small town at the center of all the drama, it's also expertly paced, brilliantly acted and continuously surprising. A deserved favorite for the Oscars.

Disappointing. Winner of Golden Globe, SAG and nominated for an Oscar? If this is the best HW can do, this year may set a record for dearth of quality in the film industry. 
If you've read the critics, you know that there are some positives, with sporadic moments involving entertaining lines and watchable acting. But they are the exception in this meandering, exploitative, manipulative mish mash. Some characters are such overblown stereotypes that, at times, the film resembles a bad night on SNL. I can't count the number of improbable, villainous strawmen the the writer self righteously and repeatedly mows down. He must have been going for the world record in virtue posing, to say nothing of the tired, old, excessive use of juvenile profanity that's been embarrassing the big screen since the 70's. There are so many vices, that to recite them all would require more time than this movie is worth. Although the inexplicable fawning over this effort continues with several Oscar nominations, including screenplay and editing, at least the Academy had the sense to omit McDonagh from the direction category. At least they got something right.

This film came with high expectations, fresh from its Golden Globe win for best picture. But while evocatively shot on location in Sylvia North Carolina and featuring a stellar performance from Frances McDormand as Mildred, I just couldn't get into the vibe of the story. There seems to be a fundamental disconnect between the steely determination of grieving mother Mildred Hayes, seeking police action to find and charge her daughter's murderer some months after the event, and supporting roles which came across as heavy handed caricatures or slap stick stupidity. The story is complex with interplay of relationships and shifting sands of alliances and love interests, which at times just seemed contrived. It can be difficult to define where 'unpredictable' strays into 'confused', but for me, it was more confusing than intriguingly unpredictable. It was promoted as a perfect balance of comedy and drama, but I didn't find the comedy particularly funny; more seriously, it detracted from the impact of the dramatic aspects of the story. Maybe I got stuck on the police being so unprofessional and little happening to rectify the situation. If this is really small town middle America in 2017, I'm ever so grateful I don't live there.

Produced by Film4.This Oscar contender could fall into several categories. A murder mystery, or revenge in search of justice, or black comedy. This is about a truly angry mother, Mildred (Frances McDormand) who is grieving the rape and murder of her teenage daughter.She is frustrated with the lack of progress in the case, so after 7 months decides to put up three large billboard signs leading into town with bold messages to prompt the local police force, particularly chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) into action. Another interesting character is Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), who is a crooked racist cop, everything you wouldn't want in a police officer. Mildred's anger at the police's relaxed approach is understandable. The town's folk have sympathy for Mildred but also respect the police chief, we also learn that the chief is dying of cancer, hence the added controversy behind the billboards. The story that follows is fascinating and unpredictable. Essentially, all people are bad, everything is dreadful, nothing will ever improve and how anger can consume a person!Highly recommended film combining dark comedy with a serious subject matter.

If I can compliment a film with at least 5 adjectives, more than likely it's etched in my membrane, there to be championed to as many folks as possible who are willing to listen.Any film worth remembering provokes a mixture of emotions out of you; laughs, cries, interest, shock, awe. And any film that has a strong or unique story with equally unique characters, should resonate with you in a way that's either self-reflective or empathetic or ideally both.Irish playwright Martin McDonagh's latest offering is such a film. Ever since the red band trailer dropped some months ago, I was already psyched. Three Billboards managed the impressive feat of having a range of responses from me, from nervous laughter to unexpectedly crying to consistent intrigue. I was mesmerised by the bold, profane and at times delicate script as we're given a host of characters that are either unruly or difficult but remained sympathetic and captivating all the same.We see Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand) driving down Drinkwater road one afternoon and she spots three unused billboards that hasn't been used in many years (a fine little detail we see is one of the billboards says 'worth stopping for'). She sits fidgeting for a bit, contemplating on what they could be used for. She heads down to the Ebbing advertising company ran by Red Welby (Caleb Landry Jones) to negotiate the terms on how to advertise and how much it is to advertise the billboards. She intends to use them for at least a year and for what she intends the billboards to say, Red is quickly sympathetic to her cause by saying "you must be Angela Hayes' mother".Angela Hayes is the recently slain daughter of Mildred. Some 7 months prior she was kidnapped, raped and burnt beyond recognition with no new developments on the case. Unsatisfied with this motion, the billboards say the following; RAPED WHILE DYING, STILL NO ARRESTS, HOW COME, CHIEF WILLOUGHBY?. From then on in She wages a one-woman war against the local police department by calling them for them seeming incompetence of their service. This doesn't sit well with the rest of the community as Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) is much revered by everyone.Something noticeable throughout Mcdonagh's work is with all the cynicism and venom characters spew at one another, we have the vulnerability and depravity revealed in sometimes small doses but they never feel forced. It's not a mechanic used to force us to care about people, it's welcome in that they deal with their tragedy or luck with humour that's brash and twisted that enables them to push through their dilemma.The townsfolk of Ebbing had me caring for just about everyone, including the ones opposing against Mildred. There's no clear-cut villain here (other than the scumbag or scumbags who tortured and murdered Angela). We're shown how vengeance, rage and glee can evolve into something rather dis-compassionate. How sometimes dialling back and seeing the future of your rightful cause for inflicting your sense of justice can further down the line turn into you something dangerous and inaccessible for infamous reasons.Veteran talent like Harrelson, Peter Dinklage, John Hawkes, Lucas Hedges and Abbie Cornish all shine here but Sam Rockwell's turn as the dimwitted, inconsiderate but disarmingly endearing Dixon is a plum role that deserves Best Supporting Actor recognition.
The showcase here is by far McDormand's volcanic, bad ass Mildred. She exhibits such humanity, drive and sardonic wit that her means of venting out and search for closure invites a whirlwind of frustration and anxiety amongst everyone around her. She's working on peak power, one that undoubtedly will score her an Oscar nomination. It's extraordinary work.Mildred is the strongest, most empowering character I've seen in a long time. Her arc serves to address how we all just need to step back and contemplate on why we feed the fire with fire. Even the smaller characters are well rounded enough in how they propose alternatives and insight to the more flawed characters. Mcdonagh never misses an opportunity to show us fire or red or some kind of tension. We're asked to recognise the potential of our anger and offset it with something more serene and responsible, a morality tale that asks us to be constructive, not destructive.This film is grim, twisted, devastating, unpredictable, inspiring, bold and of course funny. I'm sore I didn't see this in 2017 as it would've toppled Dunkirk as my fave of that year. Alas, it's 2018 and even though it's the first film I've seen this year, I'm positive nothing this year will dethrone Three Billboards as my fave of the year.Striking, wicked and brilliantly acted, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri has raw power that's balanced with clever wit which makes for a rewarding and unpredictable experience.

Rarely does a film come along that truly encompasses a time better than this film, while all the while remaining timeless and able to send a message that speaks to any time or any people. I believe 'Three Billboards' is one of those films.A theme that reverberates throughout this film is 'Anger', and equally what it can do to us as humans. It can cause us to take drastic measures. Cause us to do unreasonable things. Cause us to not listen and let our emotions overcome us. Throughout this film, depicted through masterful performances by McDormand, Harrelson and Rockwell, we receive a story that manages to be dark, unsettling and even somewhat funny about what happens when we let anger take over our emotions and throw caution to the wind for any human that stands in our way.In a time where anger and vitriol are perhaps at their most prevalent, this film sends a simple statement in its closing moments: "Anger begets greater anger". The film itself illustrates just how far humanity and our emotions can push us, from the 'three billboards' in question into a domino effect that can ruin lives, destroy human beings, and only spawn worse and worse hatred for our fellow man.In the end, we find that only understanding and forgiveness can help us succeed as humans, and perhaps some of that humanity that causes us to do insane things can be good for finding understanding and chance for change. THAT, my friends, is what this film is about, and it tells an amazing story to get us there.The performances are certainly as good as you have heard. McDormand's performance is neither a hero nor a villain, but a human one and a vulnerable one. Harrelson is just as human, with plenty of heart and realism to go along with him. Rockwell is perhaps one of the most incredible development cycles of any character I have ever seen, but I will not DARE spoil it for anyone. His performance is worth the price of admission alone...This film is about humans. About emotion. About the dangerous concoction those two things can create and what they can ironically destroy through that...but at the same time, it is also about how powerful we can be when we allow that red-hot anger to simmer, and allow ourselves to be as good of humans as we can be.This film is about humanity, and there's no better time than now to be reminded of how good than bad we can...9/10

Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell is all I needed to know about this movie before seeing it. The trio only add to an already solid script and bring it to life as the three main characters.McDormand plays Mildred, an angry, bad-ass mother who won't take shit from anybody, especially when it comes to finding her daughter's killer. Pissed off that after seven months no arrests have been made in the case she decides to take matters into her own hands - in a most unexpected way. Just down the street from her home sits three billboards long since abandoned on the side of a road rarely used after the installation of a new highway nearby. Now, however, construction has re-routed traffic back to this stretch of road, and Mildred scrapes together the billboards' rental fee to post a little message to Ebbing's Chief of Police (welcome back Woody Harrelson). The message: get off your ass and do something (I'm paraphrasing).Chief Willoughby has his own problems, and tries the sympathy card to reason with Mildred. He wants the billboards gone for the better of the town he claims, even though the law says Mildred is doing nothing wrong. She doesn't want to hear it, and pushes him further into action.Enter seemingly corrupt mamma's boy cop, Officer Dixon (played brilliantly by Sam Rockwell) who knows a thing or two about how you solve problems in Ebbing. He too, it seems, will stop at nothing to get what he wants. What he wants is to protect his good friend (and the only reason why he still has a job), the Chief.This easy-to-follow, sometimes darkly-funny movie keeps you interested right from the beginning. This isn't your typical "I know who did it" crime-drama. This could easily be a true story, but it's not. However, the concept of using billboards to push for justice is true and happened more than two decades ago in the deep southern United States, according to director Martin McDonagh. "What kind of pain would lead somebody to do that?" he asked himself at the time.Now we know, and I would have done the same.

What a fabulous movie. The cast performances are all outstanding but the undeniable star of this film is Martin McDonagh's script and direction.There isn't a second wasted; every moment is used to full effect and at some points you can be almost overwhelmed as two or even three plot twists avalanche on top of each other. But it's skill is also in the skill of integrating contrasting quiet segments which let the film breathe but at the same time are packed full of clever plot moves and powerful emotions.I havn't enjoyed a 'middle America' film so much since No Country for Old Men and I hope this film is both suitably recognised at the Oscars but also endures in history as a spectacularly accomplished piece of film making.

On a drive through the American South some years ago, British writer-director Martin McDonagh saw a set of billboards that challenged the authorities similar to the way the sheriff of Ebbing, Missouri, is challenged in this film. The rage they embodied stayed with him, and although this film is billed as a black comedy, don't go looking for belly laughs. Its true subject is heartbreak. 
With an intelligent script that's perhaps a few minutes too long, McDonagh's characters' actions impinge on others like billiard balls knocking about on the table. Mildred Hayes (played by Frances McDormand-a genius at portraying tough, uncompromising women) intends for her actions to affect others when she pays for three billboards to be pasted up on a remote stretch of road outside town, blood red and anger-filled: "Raped While Dying. And Still No Arrests? How Come, Sheriff Willoughby?" Guilt and anger are written just as clearly on her unsmiling face.
The sheriff's deputies, accustomed to have their way in all local matters, great and small, are offended. They want her to take them down. Of course she won't. One of them, Jason Dixon (Sam Rockwell) is an overgrown boy, prey to his every violent whim and McDonagh gives him a complex character arc.
Sheriff Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) has other troubles on his mind and, while it's true he hasn't made progress in solving Angela Hayes's murder, it isn't true that he hasn't tried. Although his place in their world is the slipperiest, he has the best sense of what that place is.
Several supporting roles are equally powerful (I especially liked Mildred's ex-husband's new girlfriend), and there are some laughs-people being their natural selves can be hilarious, usually without meaning to be. Though a broken heart manifests itself differently in all three main characters, it's Sheriff Willoughby who points the way to healing. Already the film has received numerous awards and nominations, including the Golden Globe for best motion picture drama, with Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell, and Martin McDonagh (screenplay) winners too.

I saw "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri", starring Frances McDormand-Moonrise Kingdom, Aeon Flux; Woody Harrelson-War For the Planet of the Apes, Seven Psychopaths; Sam Rockwell-Poltergeist_2015, Seven Psychopaths and Abbie Cornish-Geostorm, Seven Psychopaths. This is a comical drama-or, dramatic comedy-that has good actors and a good story but a bad ending that leaves you hanging. Frances plays a woman that had a daughter that was found raped and murdered and then set on fire. She doesn't think the police chief, Woody, has done his job in finding the killer responsible. Frances decides to put a message on three billboards stating her feelings. Nothing slanderous or untrue. She just poses the question of why Woody has not caught the killer, yet. Abbie plays Woody's wife and Sam is a racist deputy that lives at home with his mother. Almost all of the characters are complex, and will throw you a curve-no one is all good or all bad. Even Frances does things that are questionable and lies about things. If the ending were better, I would have given it a higher rating. It's rated "R" for violence, language and sexual content-no nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 55 minutes. I wouldn't buy it on DVD-unless the DVD has an alternate ending-but it would be a good rental.

What? Boring? Not according to the critics who can't seem to praise it enough. For them, it's full of pathos, violence, and rough guffaws.The film does have all this but also plenty of something else -- long, sloooow shots of nothing and people staring into space for 15 seconds before they say the next line. Not just now and then. Almost ALL THE TIME! Apparently this is the way critics know that we are looking at an Art Film and not just some tedious popcorn movie. To them, dead space equals depth.I gave it a 6 because the acting is terrific and the unexpected twists are more than welcome. I deducted points for certain twists that just didn't add up: burning down a police station and nearly killing a man earns a shrug after hearing a highly unlikely alibi? Don't think so.And the ending! Take the two least likely people to buddy up and go on a revenge craze on someone who had nothing to do with the daughter's murder. Cute, huh? I think the director stopped every 20 minutes or so and asked himself, "What is the most improbable and outrageous thing that can happen next?" Then he wrote it into the script -- with plenty of loooong pauses so we could appreciate all the depth.

One minute into the film and I knew I was into something special. I really rate the work of Martin McDonagh. Both In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths are excellent. When I heard about this film and read the premise I felt like this could be something that would make award season waves. The film has got a stellar cast to both and does a wonderful mix of comedy and drama to drive home a piece of film that is one of the strongest of the year thus far.The film follows a lady who rents out three billboards outside of Ebbing, Missouri, which point fingers at the local officer Chief Willoughby, for not solving the death and rape of her teenage daughter. These ads become controversial as the chief is a beloved figure of the community and people start having mixed but strong reactions to the billboards. There is a scramble to figure out the results of the case, and the main characters all have life changing consequences of being involved.This has to be the strongest Frances McDormand performance I have ever seen. She's always great but this was a total embodiment of a determined and strong willed mother who perseveres, despite knowing most of the town can't stand her guts. Woody Harrelson is typically good and we once again get a great Sam Rockwell showing once again showing how underrated he is. You become engulfed into the film and wrapped into everything that occurs.The film has its funny moments but it also is heavy handed and deals with a devastating loss. The film remains somewhat unpredictable and while the end is a bit open ended and brings more questions than answers, it doesn't detract from a strong written work that was satisfying to see at the tail end of the year.7.5/10

I was very entertained during the first half hour of the film, but the jokes got old fast. The attempts at humor began to feel very forced the longer the movie dragged on. I.e. Peter Dinklage's "I need to go to the LITTLE boys room." I thought that all of the pieces were there for this to be a great film, but it fell flat with all of the forced humor. Don't get me wrong, I love dark humor; but the director needed to decide if the movie was going to be a slapstick comedy or a drama, not both. SPOILER AHEAD: Lastly, I felt that the ending was very weak. The entire focus of Mildred's character revolved around her emotions with solving her daughter's rape & murder, but they decide to leave the audience guessing as to whether she sets all that aside and turns into a vigilante. It did not come across as real to me.

I won't even try and sum up all my feelings about this movie because no matter what I'd write, it wouldn't do it justice.What l'll say is that it's brilliant, it's dark, it's hilarious - and not in a slapstick-funny-kind of way but in an authentic and real funny kind of way - and it transitions so effortlessly between that hilarity and despair that I was captivated throughout the entire film.McDormand shines. Rockwell shines. Harrelson shines.Everyone shines.So far, for me, this has best screenplay, best actress in a leading roll and maybe even best actor in a supporting roll written all over it.Every film lover is gonna talk about this gem in a couple of weeks/months and I'm sure that every film lover is gonna absolutely love this film.Thank you, Martin McDonagh!(9.1/10)

This movie goes nowhere. It's so dumb. There's nothing to it! On and on and on and has no real story to it.

Really, you think Margot Robbie didn't deserve an Oscar way more than Frances Mc Dormand? While Robbie was incredible in I Tonya, full of nuances and took a lot of risks in terms of self-image, Mc Dormand appears monolithic, staring into space during the whole movie with simply zero range of expressions. I know, the movie is about a mother who's dead inside since her daughter has been murdered, But still, you expect more from an Academy Award winner than a flatline-performance.Just like with The shape of water, seems to me that the 2018's Oscars have rewarded neat and tidy lukewarm pieces.So much for shaking things up and open new perspectives. In order to win, you need to rub the jury in the right comfy way and make no waves. Too bad...

I wanted to like this movie. It started off so well!The ending ... what a disappointment.Nothing is resolved. The script is entirely unrealistic. Some random guy from Idaho somehow knows about what's going on with the sherif and tracks down Mildred. We never find out who the killer is. Then Mildred and Dixon get chummy to go murder the guy from Idaho.The movie was a disappointment and a waste of time that simply ends with no resolution.

There are always new ways of exploring crime stories and Three billboards goes in such directions that you could probably never imagine. Story of Three billboards explores human nature as it finds itself trapped in mystery and missing answers, which will show us how far individuals are capable of going to get peace and satisfaction over pain and grief. If you stop asking yourself and keep pushing toward better and healthier state of mind without any satisfaction you will face how you go mad and so Martin McDonagh creates story in such fashion that main character is strongest person and is capable of provoking and harming everybody that doesn't want to help her (Mildred). Mildred (Frances McDormand) is the mother that seeks answers and keeps pushing everybody around her as far it is possible and with doing so (Frances) gives a powerful performance of strong women that will melt and destroy them all if they try to defy her. Chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) and Dixon (Sam Rockwell) are two officers that are being influenced most by actions of Mildred and it was pretty horrifying to see how they will cope with such pressure. Sam Rockwell is giving us one of the most honest performances as he turns completely from inside out. Martin McDonagh is an absolute master in creating difficult situations that can also be explored in his previous movies such as 'In Bruges' and 'Seven Psychopaths' and continues to write and whole story that will suck you in as easy as you drink your drink at movie theatre while looking Three Billboards and wonder how actually good is he as movie maker. If you love crime drama genre you will absolutely fall in love with this one and it is easily one of the best movie this year because it will make you think about everything that has happened and try to evaluate how is it to deal with all of it which also gives a huge philosophical characteristics. 4/4

THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING MISSOURI- 91%
Three Billboards had such an emotional story that was surrounded by a dark sequence that was funny at times, and extremely distressing at others. 
I now finally understand why Frances McDormand is winning all these awards because she was truly staggering playing Mildred. 
I think Sam Rockwell was very good as well, not good enough to win a Golden Globe or an Oscar( My preference). 
There were a few scenes which I wanted more from. The emotion was there but something was missing for me to gain the whole emotional experience. 
Story wise and execution: 31/35
Acting: 24/25
Camera Work: 18.4/20
Sound: 17.8/2

Give me an Oscar because i am unconventional and violent, but this is not enough. Only positive thing is chain reaction.

I was expecting a psychological thriller, instead I got a psychological bore. All the characters do is bitch and moan about how victimised they are, even the dead raped daughter(well before she died). There is very little plot to this movie, so don't expect any closure, I found the ending predictable (nothing happens TADA!). Funnily I don't blame the actors, I blame the writers, the main actors are brilliant in my opinion but they couldn't save this film. I'm knocking 1 star off for the badly animated deer, did it have to be so bad? Did they animate it on a PS1? Why not get a real deer? it's not like they are extinct or dangerous

Martin MacDounagh has written one of the best screenplays of the decade. "Three billboards out of Ebbing" manages to delve into human psychology better than almost every film that I have seen up to date. The events are being portrayed both with tragic and comical scenes giving a grey aspect in the film's aesthetic. Same goes with the characters. No one in this movie is either bad or good person. They are just persons. With both their good and their bad side. The film doesn't choose sides. Frances McDormand is excellent as the mourning mother of her horrible killed daughter. Woody Harrelson is amazing as the dying from cancer police chief of Ebbing who tries his best to do his duty in a world that doesn't appreciate it. But the revelation of this film is Sam Rockwell. This actor delivers his best performance until now and maybe for his whole career. All the actors (leading or secondary) are acting their roles perfectly delivering us the message of this masterpiece of a film; no person is only good or only bad. The film doesn't justify any person's actions and doesn't choose to support anyone. It just presents us the events as they are; a mingle of tragedy and comedy just like life. People can easily do bad as easily as they can do good. And they can be really good if they try. Martin McDonaugh's film is a masterpiece which in a couple of decades it will be considered a classic and one of the most representative films of American independent cinema.

With a steely resolve similar to Winston Churchill's in "Darkest Hour", Frances McDormand knocks it out of the park with her portrayal of an aggrieved mother seeking justice for her murdered daughter in "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri". Before seeing the movie and not knowing what the story was about, I thought the title of the movie was trying to be a bit pretentious and quirky to draw an audience, but all you have to do is see the movie and you'll know that any title would have sufficed for this engaging work from writer and director Martin McDonagh. But it's not only McDormand you need to see here. Woody Harrelson plays somewhat against type as a local chief of police, and his deputy, portrayed by Sam Rockwell, provide a lot to contemplate about intolerance and personal agendas in out of the way, off the beaten path, American small towns. You'll find some of filmdom's most intelligent and creative writing in the letters written by Chief Willoughby (Harrelson) revealed after his death. I have to say, when Willoughby put that gun to his head, and even though you saw it coming, his suicide was the most electrifying moment I've seen on screen since Brad Pitt's character was blown away by George Clooney in "Burn After Reading". As the viewer, all you can do is sit up and reorient yourself because it suddenly becomes a different picture. Interestingly, Frances McDormand was in that movie too. So I'm reading some of the other reviews here and it appears that there's some feeling that the movie leans toward dark comedy. I don't know if I can go along with that because the subject matter is entirely serious and most of the characters convey themselves with an appropriate earnest demeanor. One of the things that didn't work for me was Mildred's (McDormand) ex-husband (John Hawkes), carrying on with a teenage girlfriend, but I guess it could happen. Mildred's relationship with James (Peter Dinklage) might have gone off the rails in a different kind of movie but here, things were tastefully handled. I was also troubled by the revelation that the vicious redneck who beat up on Dixon (Rockwell) was exonerated on DNA evidence, a plot point borrowed from 2003's "Memories of Murder". But even with some of my personal negatives, I thought this was a brilliant movie, brilliantly made. I think it has a fair chance of garnering a Best Picture Oscar along with a Best Actress for Frances McDormand, although this awards season is probably the strongest in recent memory regarding the competition. It will be interesting to see, but either way, it's a picture I'd recommend anyone to watch. It could very well leave you stunned.

What do you do, after your daughter is raped and murdered? Or after your father/hero dies? Or after you learn you will very soon die of an incurable disease, leaving a wife and children?You get angry. Angry at everything and everybody; angry at life. That is the motor at the heart of this brilliantly written film. It propels the viewer on a roller-coaster ride of emotions, down and up, down and further down and up again. Putting them on a collision course with the lovingly-sketched community, that anger makes them do fearful things, like put of billboards, drill a dentist's thumb, get drunk, and beat up a black man, If you let it, anger will even turn you into a one-person wrecking crew; you throw a man out of second-floor window, or lob molotov cocktails at the police station. On the other hand, if, like Willoughby, you understand it, you can leave beautiful memories. It's your call.But how do you get from A to B? Well, first, you have to figure out where A is.
What really sets this film apart is how it conveys what's BEHIND the anger. So the first thing to get is that the music is the key to understanding the film. In fact, it's almost like an opera. Right from the opening "'Tis the Last Rose of Summer,
 Left blooming alone. . . .When true hearts lie withered,
 And fond ones have flown,
Oh, who would inhabit
 This bleak world alone?"These words depicting the passing of love, beauty, and, ultimately, life itself, transport the viewer at once to the profound melancholy at the heart of the film.Each of the three main characters, Mildred, Dixon, and Willoughby struggles, stricken by a sense of the evanescence of life and the finality of death.
 
Frances McDormand is splendid at conveying the kaleidoscope of emotions, from steely resolve to despair to volcanic wrath. Equally fine are Sam Rockwell as Dixon and Woody Harrelson as Willoughby.Keep in mind, though, that this is NOT REALISM! Don't expect it to "make sense." After all, the heart doesn't make sense."Anger begets only anger." They both see - Mildred when she sees that her anger has almost cost a man his life - that they can't go on as before, but each still must find the way to set anger aside:"Alone" is a key word. That is why the emotional climax comes when Mildred and Dixon make the decision to work TOGETHER.So the third thing to understand is that this is NOT A POLICE PROCEDURAL It's not about finding the guilty man. Instead, it is about the heart, how it is wounded, and how it is healed. Some viewers have complained that the scene is too slow. But I think that it needs time to show both how very, very difficult it is for each of them, and that they understand that there is no going back. By the closing scene, they haven't forgotten their losses, but, as the tender version of "Buckskin Stallion Blues" suggests, they have put it behind them and they are ready, however tentatively, to reenter life.

I was riveted from beginning to end. One of the best films in the last 10 years.

I have now watched this film twice and I can honestly say that it is perfect in everyway. Im going to try and explain why this movie is great but my explaining could not really do justice to this film. This film has all the key things a film has to have to be great like a strong engageing plot, strong characters, great camera work, great sound track all of it. I will try and not spoil the plot but it starts with a mothers attempt to stir the police of her town into finding her daughter's killer. From there the film leads a dark path of vengence that is very humorous at times as well as heart breaking. The scrip was written by Martin McDonagh who wrote and directed two of my favourite films. This is his third film and honestly it is his best work. He brings his a game in the direction, story writing and camera direction. Honestly the man, in my opinion, is the best director working at the moment. Not only is the director brilliant with loads of development and twists but the cast is stella and Frances McDormand is THE BEST part of this film. Her portrayal of Mildred is awesome and made me feel for her character and what she goes through. I can say the same for Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell. Sam Rockwell actually has the most character development. He changes from an a**hole into probably the best character. The way he portrays this change in the character is inspired and has cemented him, in my mind, as a fantastic actor. The way Harrelson plays the cheif of police and the masterful way he develops this character and breaths life into the part McDonagh has written is beyond brilliant. Then you have a great supporting cast that adds background colour. I even loved the guy who put up the billboards AND HE WAS IN TWO SCENES!!!!
 
The Two main strenghts of this film are the plot and performances which i can't say enough good things about. However the technical side is masterful with great cinematography, beautiful sweeping shots shots and the scene with Rockwell in the advertisers office is a masterclass in camera work for anyone. It actually looks like it was done in one take however im not sure if it was or not. Again great work and very enjoyable to watch. The use of popular music is very characteristic of McDonagh and is used to great effect in especially the advertiser scene with Rockwell. I loved that iit captured the mood of the characters an their actions so well. Honestly Im running out of different ways to praise this movie.You know that annoying friend who is like "Dude you NEED to watch this film". Honestly if he is talking about this one PLEASE for the love of god listen to him it is that good. Hence why it is a 10\10 from me.

"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" offers a few laugh-out-loud moments, a nuanced performance by Woody Harrelson, some interesting plot reversals and unexpected developments. It's touted as a black comedy, but is not nearly as consistently amusing in its absurdity as "Burn After Reading," which also starred Frances McDormand and had a similar seriocomic tone. Part of the problem is that the film tries to be relevant and political, touching on serious matters, such as spousal abuse, police brutality, unequal treatment of black suspects by police, vigilantism, political activism and other social issues. The cast is inclusive, with a sixty-year-old actress as the protagonist, blacks in two key roles, a dwarf and a character who may have repressed homosexual tendencies. It takes feminist digs at men who leave their wives for bimbos a third their age and seems to allude to some of the Obama-era consent agreements for police department oversight. It even has an extended scene that Snyder would term dog-petting, with a fawn. Frightfully relevant fare, but not particularly amusing. To work all these diverse social issues into the story, the characters often behave in manners that make very little sense, if anybody stops to think about it. Unfortunately, the pace is a bit ponderous for much of the film and willful suspension of disbelief is routinely disrupted by excessive reliance on jiggly-cam shots, giving the audience ample opportunity to notice the incongruities. The role that suffers the most is McDormand's Mildred, who sets out to right a grievous injustice, but commits a series of violent anti-social acts that make her seem nearly as morally bankrupt and contemptible as the individual she wants to bring to justice. She has received considerable praise for her performance as a strong woman, but her actions (including an incomplete conspiracy in the final scene), would seem to justify some of the invectives hurled at her character by the ex-husband, daughter, son and other characters. Her performance is largely single-note. Her character displays about as much remorse for her actions as the Only Black Lives Matter urban terrorists display for their acts of physical assault, arson and vigilante assassination. That the film tacitly condones her acts and this character is being singled out as some sort of cinematic role model is a sad commentary on society. A good drama or comedy should have a strong moral. The protagonist should confront some obstacle that proves insurmountable until he or she learns some valuable lesson about life and somehow becomes a better person. The moral to this movie is stated in a letter written by Willoughby (Harrelson) to Dixon (Rockwell), but no character follows the advice. Mildred becomes more forgiving and patient in one aspect of her life, but perhaps not in another. Social issues, like police brutality and vigilante assaults on police officers are touched upon, but largely for comedic effect. Often, characters seem to behave in irrational manners in order to make some incoherent political statement. McDormand also had a supporting role in John Sayles's "Lone Star," which was a highly effective drama/mystery that explored various social issues and which had a diverse cast. But the social issues were seamlessly woven into the plot of LS and presented from various viewpoints without bias. In TBOEM, the social issues seemed tacked on and the plot and character motivations seem contrived to highlight them. Even the titular billboards seem contrived. Five thousand dollars per month would seem excessive, even for billboards in the heart of a city with slightly over a thousand residents. Considering that the billboards were disused and hadn't generated any income in several decades, she probably could have gotten the billboards for much less, perhaps as little as $100/month each or $250 for the three, and why wouldn't they accept it? (Why a city the size of Billings even has a company specializing in outdoor advertising is also a mystery.) Simple two-color printing job with no artwork. Pitch it as a PSA, get the price for vinyl sheets down to $500, if not for free. A couple of hundred to hang the sheets. Donald Trump could have gotten the billboards for a year for $5,000. But $250/month doesn't have dramatic weight, gravitas. At $5,000, she has to sell her truck and scrounging up the rent for the following month becomes a significant obstacle - not realistic, but significant. But the filmmakers wouldn't want Mildred to behave like Donald Trump. Instead, she behaves like staunch fiscal conservatives regard liberals as behaving, by tossing excessive money at a situation others don't even regard as a problem; with no reason to believe the expenditure will produce any positive results, without even trying to get the best, most cost-effective deal or waiting for a quote before giving her best offer, and belligerently insisting on continuing the effort, even when the results seem to cause nothing but problems with no discernable benefit. Rather than a heroic character, Mildred seems a cynical caricature of liberals.

"Raped while Dying.
Still no arrests.
How come, chief Willoughby?"Those who read my writing attempts occasionally, know that I thoroughly hate everything that has the appearance of a serial or when prequels and sequels are being produced just to exploit the story even further. So, don't panic while reading the following statement. I hope they'll come up with a sequel to "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri". A continuation of this brilliant story where we'll learn how Mildred (Frances McDormand) and Dixon (Sam Rockwell) handle the case. I am sure that this film will be difficult to surpass in its genre. And not because of some amazing special effects or action-packed film sequences. But because of the ingenious story and the unparalleled acting. And even though the story is filled with ultra-serious issues such as discrimination, domestic violence, cancer, sexual abuse and murder, there's also a subtle comic layer that is saturated with blackened humor and finished with cynical and ironic elements. This is so up my alley."Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" is about anger, rage and helplessness. The anger about an unsolved case with Angela, the daughter of Mildred, being raped and burned alive by one or more unknowns. And after several months Mildred has come up with the bright idea to denounce the failure of the judicial investigation. And this by unabashedly spreading the message about it, on three billboards with Chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson) as main target, solely because of his leading position as Chief. But it's not only anger and revenge you'll be witnessing in this magnificent film. Forgiveness is also included. Like the moment during a police interrogation in which Mildred feels genuinely concerned about Willoughby's health. I was also surprised when Red Welby (Caleb Landry Jones), the owner of the advertising billboards, offers Dixon a glass of orange juice. Two moments in which blind anger made room for compassion.Even though Woody's name is written on the billboard in huge letters, his contribution isn't really decisive. To my surprise, he also gets out of the picture halfway through the film. In the first place it's Frances McDormand who demands the most attention. And she does that in a stunning way. A bitter woman who's tired of waiting for an arrest. Mildred is under the assumption that no effort is made by the corps to follow any clue or performs real police work. In her eyes, the police officers are a group of racist dipshits who spend their days harassing Afro-American fellow citizens. She's a tough lady who firmly tackles those who get in her way, both verbally and physically. And she spares nobody. Whether it's a priest or a dentist. She isn't even afraid to kick some young students in their crotch. And even though she appears to be an unpleasant person with a sharp tongue, she manages to arouse your sympathy. The sometimes dry, humorous remarks take care of that. Frances McDormand may rightfully become the owner of the coveted statue during the Academy Awards in a few months' time.And such a golden statue can also be reserved for Sam Rockwell. His acting is simply magisterial. Dixon is an aggressive hillybilly who likes to beat up minorities and appears to be drunk constantly while doing his job as a policeman, knowing it's tolerated by his superior. A not so quite intellectual overweight man. And Dixon's stupidity sometimes creates comical situations. And finally there's Woody Harrelson. An actor after my own heart (whom had stolen it already because of his participation in the sitcom "Cheers") who always plays his roles with so much flexibility and professionalism. In contrast to the confused and sometimes cruel character from "The Glass Castle", Chief Willoughby is an honest person who's sincerely worried about the case of Mildred's daughter. All in all, these are three parts that are played in an excellent and marvelous way by these actors. This film is already commendable because of that.But it is also the intelligently written script that makes this film worthwhile. It's indeed a film full of heavy themes. The injustice in this world and how people deal with it. The processing of an immense grief. And there are also uncomfortable moments full of aggression and threats. And yet there is always a laconic undertone that is peppered with thoughtful, ambiguous humor. And these different moods alternate at breakneck speed. Some scenes change from aggressive and threatening, into humorous and emotional. "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" is a gem of a film I've enjoyed tremendously. And believe me, I'm looking forward to seeing it once more.


I have watched and enjoyed films my whole life. The beautifully nuanced script allows the characters to drive the film. The perfect cast bring the characters to real compelling life.
--------
This focus on character interaction reminds me of some of the very best Japanese films, and the best films from the former Soviet bloc. (Check out Japanese film: It's Only Talk directed by Ryuichi Hiroki, or Romanian film: The Death of Mr. Lazarescu directed by Cristi Puiu. Totally different in content and mood, but the characters and storytelling are at the same astounding level.) 
--------
The whole cast seems to be inspired perform at their peak. No wasted gestures, nuances, shrugs, expressions, reactions, movement, stances... 
--------
The scene with the deer. Frances and her writer/director Martin Martin McDonagh deserve Oscars and beyond for these brief moments of unbelievably perfect art.
--------
The scene with the slippers. Unexpected, perfect, as crucial as any scene or interaction in the film.
--------
Three Billboards goes into my top five films ever made.
--------

This unusual and original story grabs your attention and keeps it from start to finish. The story is just so unpredictable with a combination of drama emotion laugh out loud unexpected humor. The consequences of angry actions are the thread threads that weave through the story.The central role of grieving mother is perfectly suited to Frances McDormand. The way she delivers her caustic lines and the emotions she shows are just so her. Best role since Fargo for her.The actors are the best to play small town folk. Sam Rockwell as bad cop is terrific. Woody is warm and funny as the sheriff. A bevy of good support is provided by Peter Dinklage and Lucas Hedges.Worth watching.

The actors, the director, the writer all combined to make a not so uncommon event into a deeply emotional, unpredictable film with layer upon layer of depth. the ending is perfect............you can't blink for the entire movie for you will certainly miss something the good news is it isn't hard not to blink.also it has reference to current social construct but they don't in any way intrude into the film, so very refreshing.........also refreshing is an original idea made into an engageing movie from hollywood, who knew.

It is rare to watch a movie where it is simply a masterpiece. Every character the writer created has meaning and the plot, story, and flow of this film and music is flawless. The acting superb by everyone and the directing epic. Kudos to the entire team and hope this film gets some nominations. Nice to see Frances McDormand acting at such a superb level... always loved her so a pleasure to see her bring so much energy and depth to this unique character. And Sam Rockwell and Woody H are fabulous also. No spoilers to write here.. just sit and watch it and enjoy. This might be the best movie of the year.A solid 10 rating.

There is the tragedy all around you but there is something darkly comical about all of it and yet the way world is turning out to be who can live not being a cynic.

This film is a mess. Frances McDormand carries this whole film on her back and yet her character is a complete caricature. She wears the same blue coveralls for the entire film and her anger is so heightened that she can be very accurately likened to Charles Bronson from Death Wish. She is not a character and McDormand imbues the only scrap of interest to be had in this film herself with absolutely no help from the preachy wheedling script. This is to say that she is not compelling and her righteous motherly rage is reduced to a tasteless hyper-violent farce with a ghastly rape as a catalyst for this pisspoor plot. No character motivation makes sense after the first third of the film. Why the hell does Sam Rockwell's character (an awful one-note performance by the way) not get immediately thrown in jail for throwing Caleb Landry Jones out a window? Why are we treated to the trite final moments of Woody Harrelson's one-dimensional lovable country hunk cop only to learn that he paid off the money needed to keep the billboards smearing his name standing? Why is a cartoonish racist cop (Sam Rockwell) the hero of film and completely redeemed of his grotesque racism and habit of torturing black people by deciding to limply and moronically seek out McDormand's daughters killer all because he reads a motivational letter written for no apparent reason by Woody Harrelson who while alive does nothing but berate Rockwell for being a total dunderhead? Oh and he gets handed a glass of orange juice by Caleb Landry Jones so he immediately becomes a good guy. Also how do you extract an accurate sample of DNA out from under your fingernails as Sam Rockwell does, scratching a suspect and in turn getting the shit beaten out of him? Could he perhaps just take the saliva from the rapist's beer bottle after the braggadocios rapist leaves? Martin McDonagh is clearly an awful screenwriter, as his Crash-esque racist white cop redemption is hammered home with a completely unrealistic amount of suffering doled out for Rockwell, who ultimately is the star of this dumpster fire. McDormand is peripheral ultimately and her anguish feels like the object of a joke, as if McDonagh is sneering at her pain with on the nose scenes like the one where we see McDormand's final conversation with her daughter which literally ends with her yelling, "I hope you get raped!" Subtlety, very tact. 
This movie is also incredibly problematic. The African-American actors Darrell Britt-Gibson, Clarke Peters, and Amanda Warren are given no compelling characterization and are used as a backdrop. Clarke Peters's Abercrombie exists only to counter the racism of Rockwell and Amanda Warren's Denise exists only to get thrown in jail for fabricated charges, only to emerge all smiles despite McDormand being responsible for this. Also there is an unbelievably cringey scene in which McDormand repeatedly goads Sam Rockwell by saying the n-word. Everybody laughed in the theater but it was completely forced and unfunny and only highlighted McDonagh's treatment of Rockwell's racism as a character quirk as opposed to as a rottenness. And don't get me started on the godawful ending in which McDormand and burnt racist cop drive into the sunset to kill a completely random rapist? Where is the logic there? There is none, no believable motivation anywhere in this godawful film. This really is 2017's version of Crash.

Frances McDormand's performance is pretty good, but not as good as some say. maybe it's the way the character is written. Sam Rockwell is the best thing in the movie. He's at times funny because of his ignorance (the ignorance of his character, that is), and at times horrible in his ignorance. What bothered me was that these two characters are ultimately ready to kill any man whom they suspect of any crime against anybody - without proof, without trial, just condemn him and kill him. That's as evil as what happened to her daughter. This film teaches that it's okay to behave like this - kill any man you think is nasty. He doesn't have to have done anything bad, he doesn't have to have committed a crime. Go ahead and kill him. What does it matter? He's just a worthless man.

"3 Billboards," as it should have simply been titled (not like we'll confuse it with all of the other films of that title...), was a surprising treat I might never have seen. It looked too dark and violent for my monthly dinner and a movie night with a buddy. We usually confine our nights out to comic book violence (if any) while avoiding the tender films our wives want to see with us. But on a Monday night, in early December, there was nothing else to see. "Slim pickings," he texted me. "Skip the movie and just have dinner together?," he asked. My quick check of Flixster indicated the same, except for this film I'd not heard of. It had high critical ratings, but that doesn't always mean it's something enjoyable for non-film critics, so I was encouraged by high User ratings too. We decided to give it a shot.How lucky was that? Lucky. :-)It's a truly great, interesting, disturbing, funny and unpredictable film I might never have seen otherwise.This is not a Cohen Brothers. film. It's written and directed by Martin McDonagh. But there is an ambiance that invites comparison (McDonagh has most certainly been at a few Co-Bro screenings) and a cast so good they could phone it in for either director. For me, the Cohen Bros are hit and miss in terms of watchability. Yes, everything they do is gold, I know. Sigh. But some of it is too violent and stomach turning. They like to paint their horrors far too graphically for my tastes. Perhaps it's supposed to be wry, funny or ironic, but for me, the world is already full of those horrors. I don't need more haunting my dreamscape. "3 Billboards" brought me right to the edge of my squeamishness without having to hang over the balcony with dry heaves. (Um,probably could have come up with a less graphic metaphor) Frances McDormand is outstanding. I can't see how she will NOT get an Oscar nomination for this role. I couldn't take my eyes off her face and was never sure what Mildred was going to do next. She's nearly fearless in facing down foes in this film. But she's also flawed and says things she clearly regrets. The last scene we see with Mildred and her daughter yelling at each other is brutal. Knowing Mildred shouted, "I hope you get raped!" as the last thing she said to her before that very thing happens and she's brutally murdered? It leaves a horrible, guilty silence in the room and the stomach. We can see Mildred carry this weight through the rest of the film. There's no attempt to make the daughter an angel either and that made everything make sense to me. All of these characters are looking for some kind of redemption and everyone has their own personal list of demons to slay.Even though his performance is likely to be overlooked, Lucas Hedges, who plays Mildred's son, Robbie, it solid throughout. We see his embarrassment and pride in his mother subtly woven into his facial reactions, silent or otherwise. He's one of the rare leads in the film that doesn't appear to need redeeming.Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson will definitely have the Academy looking at their work as well. This movie is nothing if not a character study. Who we think everyone is in beginning, is not who they reveal themselves to be by the end. Strange bedfellows allows this film to avoid a lot of the clichés that might have otherwise permeated the writing. Are there a few plot holes and unexplained moments? Of course there are. The selective enforcement of law in this town is mysterious to say the least. But I'm also aware this film is, in many ways, a stage play too. Without trying to sound terribly obvious, I felt the plot was really a device to hold characters' feet (sometimes literally) to the fire. It's enjoyable to watch a film that's in such good hands but doesn't reveal where it's going. While I understood the decision to leave our 2 unlikely allies on the road together wondering if they should kill the rapist whose DNA did not link him to the Ebbing killing, I would still have enjoyed watching more of that journey and possible confrontation. It's almost like McDonagh could make a second film that begins in the car where the movie ends. I think he'd still have plenty to entertain us with. At the very least, perhaps we could explain the very tense meeting in the gift shop and why this rapist from out of state seemed to hate Mildred to the point of an intentionally hostile confrontation (which she's ironically rescued from by the dead sheriff's widow!).Speaking of Harrelson's Sheriff, Willoughby ends up being surprisingly more sympathetic than expected. The Sheriff's voiceovers and letters are a nice touch for some of that unforeseen information. Rockwell is pathetic and disgusting as Dixon, the dim witted alcoholic, white trash/racist cop who is partially redeemed(?) in the fires. His chain smoking, white trashy mother, played perfectly by Sandy Martin, is almost more creepy than Dixon. Martin nails it. All of the scenes with her leave one wanting to run from the disgusting smoke, booze and world view. There are many notable performances and Caleb Landry Jones (who plays Red, the guy leasing the billboards) is another that seemed to refreshingly avoid clichés. In some ways, he is the beginning of the "forgiveness" of Dixon.3 Billboards makes me wish I was in film school so we could discuss the characters and their choices in greater depth. Not a bad thing when I film does that. Not bad at all. :-)

Seen at the Viennale 2017: writing reviews about several movies in the last year, I nearly have to pass on this one. Three Billboards is of such high quality that it is nearly impossible to comment on it. Only highly professional reviewers should dare to write something about such high quality script, directing and cast. Why not ten stars, then? We still have to see, whether this one will become a classic movie for the Top 200. Maybe, it will. For sure it earns such a high rating. Three Billboards touches soul and heart from 10 minutes after the beginning up to the end. Seldom I changed from laughing to sadness in such a high frequency. But the movies greatest strength is: it gives hope. Hope in the possibility that people can change from the worse to the better. People are changing in this movie. People can change in real life. We get remembered that this is possible. For sure, I will never forget the highly emotional moment, when Dixon risks his life by grabbing the burning crime file of Hayes and jumps through the fire wall. This movie deserves every single Oscar it will (hopefully) get.

Great movie from start to end. I am trying really hard to understand some of the bad reviews. I guess cultural ignorance has hit globally. The problem is that people either want playstation movies (CGI, period) and just can no longer understand what cinema is (real story telling). The storie is great, the performances amazing, the depth and density of the plot is unreal. Well worth my two hours on a sunday afternoom. You will laugh, cry, be happy, sad... all the emotions in two hours and a lot of angles on todays conflicts. Go check it out.

Okay, so I don't think this is an awful movie, but I found it to be very disappointing. 4/10 is the kind of rating I give to a typical made-for-TV movie that was almost a waste of time watching, but it had its moments.I usually enjoy Frances McDormand and her acting was good in this. I just didn't enjoy it. I found her character to be totally unlikeable and the "black humour" didn't work at all for me. To me, this was just a lot of violence. And I really enjoy black humour, like that of Fargo (movie and TV series) and The Grand Budapest Hotel.Woody Harrelson's character (and acting) was okay, but I thought "smaller" characters played by Lucas Hedges, Peter Dinklage and Clarke Peters were far more believable and I enjoyed watching them much more than the main characters.I didn't expect the Hollywood "happily ever after" ending but the actual ending left me feeling totally cheated. I felt that nothing had been resolved.The cinema I go to has a policy that you can walk out of a movie within the first thirty minutes if you aren't enjoying it and get a free ticket for another movie. I didn't find it so bad to take advantage of this policy, but at the end of two hours my verdict was not great. I would probably have enjoyed another movie much more.

Seen trailers for this film a couple of times & knew I had to see it. Not because of the fake rave reviews this film has been receiving, but because it got my attention & as I do, I go & watch the film with with an open mind & see if it's any good. Well sadly, that wasn't the case with this film. I mean there was some funny moments in it & some good points, but the film just seemed to go nowhere. In other words, it just seemed to string you on throughout the film with plot points here & there & just when you thought it was actually getting to the heart of what the film's climax was about, it ends...! That's it! A typical cliff hanger! So lazy, & so unimaginative! The film is about woman named Mildred living in Ebbing, Missouri. We find out just 5 minutes in, that her daughter was raped & burned to death a few years back, but the case to find the person who done it went cold. So Mildred who is driving home one day spies the billboards en route, & decides to put them to her own personal use by putting up a message directed at the sheriffs department to prompt them to re-open the case & find the person responsible.The films concept is unique & different. You already know the story about 20 minutes in but there was certain parts which made you think the film wasn't going to be as straight forward as it let on to be. The sheriff having cancer was just an instant turn off for me. You thought the film was going to get good the second he knew about the billboards, but then he has cancer & dies prematurely in the film. Similar to how Jigsaw was killed off early in the Saw franchise, he was killed off in Saw III but more films followed, but that's another rant. Anyway, there didn't seem to much of a war between him & Mildred. Which I would've liked considering it would've at least stuck to the story more & probably would've had a decent enough ending. But the films story derailed & spiraled around erratically from plot point to plot point, while being laced with scene to scene of this moody old hag 99% of the film! Some scenes seemed to stray away from the deal with the billboards, the film itself got lost in the middle, & when it finally did get back on track, it ended! I even felt the film dragged & the scenes of Mildred acting out like a bratty 16 year old slag, didn't help! I mean the scenes in question weren't all bad, but the pacing & the quantity of them felt both distracting & out of place! Even when the film did get to the good parts, they themselves dragged & then the ending which, I had a feeling was going to leave a cliffhanger ending &... Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding!! Cliffhanger it was!!Some scenes were pretty funny & there was some good stuff going on. Although the scenes you see where utterly implausible to real life & how certain situations happen, they still were nonetheless, entertaining. But began to get a little old as the film wore on. I also have to say, the film felt unbalanced & all over the place. It dragged on & felt stretched out, unlike getting to the point of what the title was. The film lost it's way & forgot what it was supposed to be. Idiots moaned at the exact things I'm pointing out here in this film about Suburbicon, which got negative reviews, but that film was simple & entertaining. Which brings me to another issue, the title. It's too damn long & difficult to remember to say when buying a ticket at the cinema. It would've been better to title the film Three Billboards! Shot & sweet & simple. Unlike this film which is long than the actual title, which is left to be desired considering the film doesn't sum up the point of the film, let alone the title itself. The point & title of the film quickly diminishes in the first 5 minutes. Long story short, the film starts great, derails, strings you along, get back on track, then ends on a cliffhanger. Incredible. Overall a poor disappointing film that had potential, had a unique concept, but was unfinished, dragged out, & ironically enough proves that once again that money talks & bullsh!t walks the critical acclaim coming from over paid film critics who'll easily give this tripe a critical acclaim of 10/10 rating for the sake of billions of £££. The fact that nearly over 30 film festivals have screen this film is shocking. This film could've been so much better had it got to the point instead of derailing & re-tracking again for the space of nearly an hour. Rating: 2/10

OK, I have not watched that many films this year for one reason or another. However I have watched enough over the years to hopefully know a good film when I see it. The acting was superb and like Benito Del Toro in Traffic, I am sure Frances McDormand is a shoe-in for a few awards, however my standout was Sam Rockwell. A loathsome character, with lots of flaws but ultimately redeemable. Woody Harrelson was his usual laconic joy to watch and keeps getting better.
It might be a tough watch, with barely a character that is endearing or somebody you can connect with, but stick with it, as the layers are peeled away their characters are revealed for what they really are
Loved it, dark enough to be sinister with some acerbic comedic relief.

Martin McDonagh's ("Seven Psychopaths") Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a mix of black (and politically incorrect) comedy and heartfelt drama that takes us on a wild, mostly improbable but highly entertaining ride. Set in the fictional town of Ebbing, Missouri, Frances McDormand ("Hail, Caesar!"), who carries the film in one of her best roles, is the recently-divorced Mildred Hayes, a feisty, angry, depressed, but very determined woman with a warrior mentality who lost her daughter Angela only seven months ago in a rape and murder that still has not been solved. To make things worse, her abusive husband Charlie (John Hawkes, "Everest") has left her for a dim nineteen-year-old zoo attendant, and her son Robbie (Lucas Hedges, "Manchester by the Sea") just wants to forget the past and get on with his life. Instead of carrying placards and marching in front of the police station the way many people might protest, Mildred catches sight of three dilapidated billboards along an old highway leading into town that have not been used since Superman peanut butter was all the rage. With the help of Red Welby (Caleb Landry Jones, "The Florida Project") who runs the local advertising agency, she rents the billboards and plasters signs on them in flaming red that carry the messages: : "Raped While Dying", "And Still No Arrests", "How Come Chief Willoughby?" Her stated purpose is "to concentrate the mind, some."The Willoughby referred to is Ebbing's Police Chief played by Woody Harrelson ("War for the Planet of the Apes") who masks a soft heart with a veneer of toughness. Willoughby, who suffers from advanced cancer, takes the opportunity to visit Mildred and take her through what has actually been done on the case. Bottom line, the police are doing everything they can but there are no suspects and nothing has been learned from the DNA evidence. The ensuing media circus, however, brings out the worst in people, many who come to the chief's defense, especially police deputy Jason Dixon (Sam Rockwell, "The Way Way Back"), an unabashed white racist who lives with his overbearing mother (Sandy Martin). Mildred behaves irrationally in her single-minded quest for justice/revenge, at one point tossing Molotov cocktails at the police station and kicking high schoolers in the groin (neither of which resulted in any punishment), yet Dixon's over-the-top antics top hers tenfold. In one scene, he leaves his desk to go to the ad agency across the street to exact vengeance on the unsuspecting Red. There is also tons of snarky dialogue and condescending put-downs, some clever, others not so much, but McDonagh can see the good in people and works to make that available to the viewer.At a key moment, the characters recognize each other, not as protagonists in the midst of battle, but as human beings and the film becomes more about the complexities of the human condition than the eccentricities of its colorful characters. Willoughby is as frustrated as Mildred by the lack of results in Angela's death but tries to camouflage it with reassuring talk. On her part, Mildred comforts Willoughby when he coughs up blood that splatters in her face, and the vengeance that is eating away at her is, at least momentarily, replaced by compassion. Even Dixon shows character growth after a violent outburst separates him from his job. While not much of what happens in the film can be confused with reality, what is real is the residue of decency present in even the most hard-edged characters. What is also real, unfortunately, is the not too startling revelation of how the prevailing police culture often results in violence against women going unpunished. GRADE: B+

Director Martin McDonagh is a playwright by main trade, so he directs, and writes, films with great, pointed, nimble dialogue. He wrote and directed "In Bruges," and "Seven Psychopaths." He outdoes himself with this script, which is chock full of acid repartee and blistering verbal exchanges. The film tells a story weighted with heavy emotional freight, but does so with so many hilarious moments of dark comedy that when the downer emotional interludes roll around again, you're trying to catch up and reset your face: laughter clouds into sober reflection of harsh situations, then here comes the laughter again.That pendulum effect is thanks to three masterful performances: Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson and Sam Rockwell, caught up in the festering pain over a violent murder, in a (fictional) small Missouri town. McDormand plays Mildred Hayes, divorcée, whose daughter was killed 7 months earlier, and her disgust with the lack of progress by the local police in investigating the crime eventually boils over into protest and outright militancy. McDormand's set-jaw grit here is captivating. It's been 20 years since her Oscar for "Fargo," and this role makes her a shoe-in for another nomination. You cheer her on in every move she makes, even when she crosses the line into vigilantism. Fed up with waiting for her daughter's killers to be caught, she rents three decrepit billboards on a sleepy stretch of blacktop outside town, and has them emblazoned with an accusatory question aimed squarely at the town's Chief of Police Willoughby (Harrelson, intelligent, wryly funny, genuinely principled, and going through a personal crisis of his own). A member of his force, Officer Dixon (Rockwell, playing the dullard, yokel, racist cop routine to drawling, violent, moronic perfection, lords but he's good), takes the billboards as a frontal attack on the police force, a slight he has no intention of letting slide, despite the fact Mildred is clearly within her free speech rights in having posted the message they carry.The supporting cast are also great. Caleb Landry Jones plays Red, the billboard ad salesman, young, hesitant, a bit vulnerable. Lucas Hedges plays Mildred's son, Robbie, mortified at his mom's activist behavior, but ultimately on her side, and also deeply damaged by his sister's killing. The police desk sergeant is cleverly played by Zeljko Ivanek, he frequently winces over Dixon's astonishing stupidity. Sandy Martin plays Dixon's ethically challenged hick mother with notes of frightening credibility. Peter Dinklage puts in a sly performance as the "town midget," a very decent, smart guy who befriends Mildred. Short of stature or not, Dinklage is one very good actor. John Hawkes, from "Deadwood," plays Mildred's sour ex husband, he turns in some well-charged scenes. Clark Peters, from "The Wire," plays a senior cop who takes over the Ebbing police station after a series of events has sent it into chaos. Nick Searcy plays a venal, condescending local priest, whom Mildred totally verbally stiff-arms, comparing him to a gang member and inviting him to finish his tea and then "get the f--k out of my kitchen."There are a couple of nit-picky details in the plot that make no sense (the full-size fire extinguisher just happening to be handy in the station wagon, and the threatening, but disconnected, menace of a stranger's visit to Mildred's gift shop), but they're minor annoyances in the scheme of a script brimming with emotional intelligence, a rarity in modern movie houses. The partnership that develops at the end is also extremely odd, and their plan is more than slightly vague, not to mention morally flawed, but the film's basic message seems to override that by earnestly saying: grief can destroy you, but grief coupled with inaction will drive you insane, and then destroy you. Great movie.

THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI (2017) **** Francis McDormand, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Caleb Landry Jones, Abbie Cornish, Lucas Hedge, Zeljko Ivanek, Amanda Warren, Sandy Martin, Peter Dinklage, John Hawkes, Samara Weaving, Clarke Peters. Pitch black comedy/drama with McDormand (in an Oscar calibre turn) as an unapologetically strident, small-town woman seeking justice by buying advertising space to shame the local constable (Harrleson in a solid, low-key turn) for not solving the rape/murder of her daughter, fanning the fires for anger in the community and familial discord. Rockwell (also award worthy) is a hoot as a bigoted, imbecile cop on the force who is more than he appears and that could equally apply to the riotously profane and surprisingly poignant film by writer/director Martin McDonagh who shows in more ways than one that still waters run deep. One of the year's very best and highly original films.

Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri, is one of the most interesting and thought provocating movie with some awesome written characters and heavily interwoven unpredictable situations. In the movie with every win there comes a failure. The switching of characters, the farce created throughout the journey of a mother fighting through the demons of his family as well as the whole Ebbing, is relentless. But the end comes to a loose end of providing a justice to another rapist who is placed under confirmatory issues. And this is for the first time we see the mother smile in the whole movie.

Frances McDormand is clearly into character as she portrays a deeply sad but resigned mother with a goal.
Her goal is to upset anyone that can help her find the monster who killed her daughter, and she brilliantly succeed at it when one after the other, they come to either 'ask nicely' to get rid of the billboards; openly scare-the-hell out of her at her workplace or simply threaten her as a tactical move to basically make the billboards disappear.
But as strong as a mother can be, she just carries on the promise she made to herself and to her too-soon departed girl; and do whatever it takes to get answers.The only trailer I've seen is full of sharply-written dialogue and outrageous one-off quotes, which fortunately the film is filled with all the way.
It doesn't feel long, nor short. All the secondary characters are developed and bring something to the story.
_____________________________
Consider watching -3 BILLBOARDS...-
if you enjoyed:
*Spotlight
*Miss Sloane
*Molly's Game
*Captain Fantastic

I never wanted to like this movie. Right from its bad title. But I had to.Such a well made movie on redemption, that you can hardly give it a no no. Wonderfully acted by Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell who deservedly win Oscars for this, this is a masterpiece of a saga of David vs Goliath in a different way. Loved the journey all thorough. Just missed an award for Woody as there was no option left. A great movie to love, like and share to those who have lost every hope on life yet want a glorious redemption. I am a miser to give it 9 stars.

"their work will be shown for what it is, because the Day will bring it to light. It will be revealed with fire, and the fire will test the quality of each person's work" - Corinthians I 3:13though the movie began by establishing the flaws of the presumed antagonizing police force, it very quickly balanced the conflict between the main characters as two troubled anti-heroes who fight for justice toward the same outcome. this movie exceeded my expectations and I would recommend it for anyone who wants a good character study

The story had something, also the great cast, but to be honest, I expected more, and I can't understand these good ratings. A good cast isn't everything. It scraped the surface of a good movie, nothing more.

This one doesn't deserve a long review and I am not one for describing the entire film in my reviews, so I'll keep it short & sweet.Story- Complete waste of potential, with opportunities for unforgettable character redemption gone before you can even finish daydreaming about the tasty possibilities for them. Acting- I like Frances McDormand a lot in other films but what has been praised as her finest hour, is to me, a grueling exercise in overacting, needless spunk, and unreliable character depth. I don't get the hype about her performance here. Woody is as great as always but I still don't care for the story surrounding his character, and he seems overall pointless to the plot when it's all said and done. Sam Rockwell is the best part of the film, hands down, but the wasted potential (see above) of his character is the biggest failure of the entire project. I watched this because a family member wouldn't shut up about how great it is. After giving it a chance, I don't even have the heart to admit I ever saw it...and quite frankly, I'll probably soon forget I had.

Entertaining because of the writing and the acting. But they make the police look so stupid. The writers must hate cops, like most of Hollywood.

I'm not much of a fan of the whole Coen Brothers non-linear method of fi!m making I have to say and identified quite early on that this particular movie fell into whatever category that might be. I guess I should have known from the offbeat title and cast that things would go every which way but loose and so it proves.The initial idea of angry mother Frances McDormand broadcasting her frustration at her local police division by paying for three adjacent billboards to highlight their inaction over the unsolved rape and murder of her daughter some seven months previously might have worked in my view, not least as a whodunit, but was soon swamped by the introduction of several unusual characters and as many unlikely situations.So we're introduced soon enough to Woody Harrelson's terminally ill chief of police who McDormand's character names and shames on the billboards, Sam Rockwell as his mother-fixated, redneck deputy, with many more minor characters too numerous to mention, like the dwarf who alibis MacDormand at an important moment in the story, her abusive ex-husband now dating a 19 year old pretty bimbo and the new black chief of police who takes over Harrelson's job and whose first action is to overlook Rockwell's near-murder of the homosexual young owner of the billboard company with whom it's fair to say, he doesn't see eye to eye.The movie is a succession of tangential plot shifts and unbelievable coincidence. No doubt the writer - director was presenting us with themes of forgiveness, redemption and guilt set in the backward-thinking, crazy-quilt Deep South just to double underline these issues and make the viewer think deeply about all this serious existential stuff y'all.Sorry, but I didn't buy any of it. The acting didn't impress me much either, and that includes McDormand's Oscar-winning turn. In the end, for me, it was just another of those eccentric, eclectic films that tries to implant what it thinks are memorable images or extraordinary characters into the viewer's consciousness and by its exaggeration and distortion somehow mirror society in some profound way. All I got from it in the end was a mixed sense of manipulation, confusion and cynicism and how easy it is to put a movie like this together and call it art.Sorry, not for me and you can broadcast that on any billboard you care to mention.

It is a total waste of time to watch all these big names making so terrible movie. Maybe it is overrated because it captures how a simple-minded person thinks about his or Her right to curse and swear all the time. The painful part is to watch these great names participating in this poor movie. It should be called "The Fool's Cheap and Disgusting Propaganda, Outside Ebbing, Missouri."

The acting is top notch...hopefully the reason Three Billboards was up for several awards. This is really the only positive thing I can say about the film. I suspect the writer/director never stepped foot in Missouri. He didn't even film the movie there. He paints a picture of a town full of uneducated, ill-tempered, reactionary misfits who can't speak a sentence without saying "ain't" or "f___". There is the stereotypical corrupt, angry, super racist police officer and the whole department has racist leanings. The whole town is aware of this officer yet nothing seems to be done about it, which implies the whole town is full of racists. The main characters react, most often in a violent manner with no worry of consequences, rather than trying to communicate rationally. Hollywood reached a new low by having the main character's children call her names so disrespectful that they cannot be repeated without causing my review to be removed. The only reason I gave this movie a 6 is because it does have entertainment value. Truthfully this film is an insult to those who live in middle America as well as those of us on the East and West Coast who know better. Come on Hollywood, you can do better than this.

The Good
Fantastic acting. Great dialog. Good storyline.
The characters verbal intercourse is what sarcastic / cynical people think but polite people would never say.
The Bad
This is a dystopic Mayberry with the darkest worst sides of every Andy Griffith character. (Andy, Barney, Crabby old lady, Otis the Drunk as a midget, Opie as a angry teenager . . . 
It is offensive and insulting the way Hollywood portrays middle America.
It was an attempt to be another "Fargo"
Hollywood portrays middle America as dumb, white, redneck, racist gubbers.
And this movie ended without closure.
It is was obvious that this movie wasn't filmed in Missouri (that is minor compared to the other negative aspects.

Being a huge fan of both McDonough and McDormand's work, I was truly looking forward to this film. And I tried to like it. But the structure felt contrived and the logic nonexistent. Great performances but stylistically the film did not seem to know what it was. A bit all over the place and I found myself uninvested in the characters. The unnecessary scenes, strange dialogues and actions made the movie not easy to perceive, to understand.
Overall a decent effort but somewhat overrated.

Actors are great but the story itself is pretty sick.An angry crazy woman trying to take it out on everyone because the person who raped and killed her daughter isn't arrested. Doesn't mean you can go insult police officers or burn down the police station or do whatever you want. Unnecessarily violent and are you trying to tell people it's ok to go mental and break laws just because someone unfortunate has happened in your family? And wait, how did racism get mixed into it? Don't even go there. Police officers too busy to bully black people so they didn't arrest the rapist? Yep stir that up in the society too when you actually don't have to. The ending was non-sense, they are going to kill a rapist suspect? So just because someone raped and it gives you the right to kill him? It's worrying that movies like that are made and being rewarded and recognized and having the world watch it and think maybe this is what people should do when they are dealing with crisis in life.

Problems: 1) Contrary to what director McDonagh says in a DVD extra, Dixon (Rockwell) is far from sympathetic, until the end, after he's burned and beaten. He is, rather, a brutish, drunken cretin (and, as such, a source of broad, low humor). 2) It's impossible to believe he wasn't charged and jailed for his crimes against Red Welby (Jones) and his receptionist. 3) Willoughby (Harrelson) is also only marginally sympathetic. He is too often a pig, especially in how he talks to his small daughters (which, for some reason, is supposed to be funny). His belief in Dixon is unfounded and unrealistic. 4) His letters, read in posthumous voice-over, underline the "moral" of this story and are thus artifice. This is telling, not showing. The story itself should have shown this. 5) Black humor at times jars against serious content.6) The film crew is visible in the background on the upstairs landing when Dixon is leaving the sign office. This is inexcusably shoddy and amateurish. The scene should have been reshot. 7) More shoddy amateurishness: Anne (Cornish), Willoughby's wife, looses her southern accent for her native Australian one and, to boot, is too young and pretty for the ugly, bald, middle-aged Harrelson.8) No sign could have been pasted on the badly burned billboards.9) Dixon unrealistically ignores a fire raging some feet from him, ignores the heat and light, as he reads Willoughby's letter.
 10) The timeless theme of love vs. hate, anger vs. peace, is attractive, yes, but not fully, not satisfyingly developed. The movie unravels a bit around the edges. For example, Welby and James (Dinklage) are patently used to represent love and peace, and are thus more artifice. Life is never that simple. Movie is not quite a full glass, but, rather, ¼ empty.PS. Once again, the South and American working class are incompletely understood and depicted by an elitist outsider, here a Londoner. This is a substitute, not the real thing, like Eric Clapton miming American blues.PPS. Telling detail: Welby reading Flannery O'Conner's A Good Man is Hard to Find is a snobbish, elitist reference, tacked on but not integral to the film.

Original, deep and thought provoking films like this one are hard to come by these days. 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' takes a completely different approach to the conventional crime drama. Instead of detailing the story behind the missing girl, the focus is instead of the mother's way of dealing with the disappearance and how she handles her grief and anger towards the authorities.This film is excellent in just about every area. The script is intelligent and surprisingly funny, the storyline engaging and convincing, and the acting is first rate. Frances McDormand is outstanding in the lead and thoroughly deserved her Oscar. 'Three Billboards' is a unique and fascinating film, great filmmaking all round and highly recommended.

I slogged on until the young new wife had to pee while witnessing domestic abuse. I put the DVD back into the sleeve sealed it and asked WTF is so wonderful about this contrived, sequential, by-rote portrayal of injustice. I was interested because of all the golden globes and oscars. But now, I know for sure it's just because of the topic and NOT the content. This movie made me angry!

Characters and story-lines were left undeveloped. There were more subplots going nowhere than Irishmen changing light bulbs! I got the black humour, and even the pathetic attempt to bring every minority group known to man into some sort of relevance to the plot to fulfil some vague political statement, but I just did not get why anyone would turn what could have been such a great idea into such a boring time-waster!

The actors make the movie more interesting, but the story looked also promising. The problem was that characters who showed really animalistic behavior through the story, shouldn't turn out 'good people'. Also, what is the point to give so much emphasis on the suicide and the unknown "possible" rapist that visits the mother (but there is nothing to understand about him after) and things that didn't make any sense at all. The ending is just terrible, it leaves you with so many questions and no feelings of hope nor justice, no truth... just nothing!

It's one of the most overestimated movies I've ever seen. The characters are great, but the plot lacks focus, movie is full of cliches and is very primitive. After watching it, i realy didn't get what it was about - grief, murder, bad policemen, revenge, social influence? I'm really very disappointes.

I was expecting a dull, slow pace and a long winded movie but my god the dialogues in it are really smart and well placed, Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell did a great job in the movie as they delivered a stellar performance with huge emotional moments and occasionally some really dark and messed up funny moments. The motives of Frances McDormand to challenge the local authorities are understandable as she lost her daughter being raped and murdered because of her actions, the anger and despair of her emotion really did captured my heart. This film also shows that it is a human nature that people will do anything like Sam Rockwell's character Dixon threw Welby out of a window and Frances McDormand's character Mildred set off a fire to burn down the police station while Dixon was in it. This movie is realistic as it does not have a happy ending but they did found out who's the rapist/killer, and the film ends with both Dixon and Mildred deciding whether to kill him along the way. Don't really have any complain as the supporting cast are amazing in it too, Woody Harrelson especially.Overall : 7/10

The acting was great. Food for thought moments. Zero catharsis. I'm glad Dixon redeemed himself. Much "maybe" still remains.

I liked this movie, but personally, I think it is overrated. As a movie, technically it is really good, but that's all!

Anger has been a problem America has been dealing with the last couple of years. Whether it be political or social, everyone has felt angry about the current state of our nation. Here to shed more light on that topic is Martin McDonagh, writer, and director of Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. McDonagh uses his Irish background and dark comedy writing skills to make a film that is both deadly serious and brutally funny. You may find yourself both laughing and crying in this tale of revenge and forgiveness. Just as you would expect, the film is set in the small town of Ebbing, Missouri. About a year ago, teenager Angela Hayes was raped and murdered. Her case has remained unsolved, much to the dismay of her mother, Mildred (Frances McDormand). Since none of her previous attempts have worked, Mildred decides the best way to call out the police and express her anger is to rent three billboards outside of town (get the title now?). This action quickly captures the attention of the beloved local police chief, Bill Willoughby (Woody Harrelson). What starts out as a small squabble begins to explode into more violent and personal acts between Mildred and the rest of the town. Along for the ride as support are Sam Rockwell, Peter Dinklage, Lucas Hedges, and Caleb Landry Jones.McDonagh's film boasts a mega-talented cast that is able to play both sides of the duality between good and evil. He gives all his characters range and memorable traits to keep them interesting to watch. He also perfectly balances the comedy and drama elements within his characters as well. We get to see their rage, but also their compassion. It's a fitting balance for a subject that doesn't have clear areas of right and wrong. The key part of McDonagh's script is how relatable it is to present day America. The anger each character has are like a symbol for each of us as we battle with the injustices going on in the real world. McDonagh doesn't give us an answer for how to cure our rage but gives us a story so we can see how violence makes everything worse. Surprisingly, one of the only weak parts of the film is McDonagh's script. It's a good script, but it also has some very clear problems throughout. One of those is some on-the-nose dialogue that feels out of place. He also lets the film get too out of hand and over the top by the end. Events escalate and occur almost too quickly and with little support to warrant their excessiveness. Cinematographer Ben Davis does a fine job working his camera through the small town of Ebbing. He gives us a city tour while also highlighting the characters that inhabit it. One expert sequence he pulls off is a continuous shot of Sam Rockwell's character breaking down a glass door, walking upstairs into an office, throwing a guy out the window, and then leaving the office while breaking another glass door. This film and The Shape of Water are in a tight race for the honor of being the best cast of 2017. Frances McDormand delivers an awards capturing performance as a tough mother that has been forced to go to extremes just so she can get the answers she deserves. It's her best role since Fargo and it perfectly plays to her strengths as an actress. She can mix vengeance, snarkiness, and compassion all in the same scene. It's a role only she could play.Sam Rockwell seriously steps us his game to deliver an amazing supporting performance as Dixon, the understudy to Willoughby. Dixon is not like most police officers, he's racist, misogynistic, and just plain mean. Rockwell masterfully blends his comedic skills with intense drama to make his character complex and compelling. He's largely been seen as "that" guy in most films, but after this film, people will know and appreciate the talents of Sam Rockwell. Woody Harrelson gives us his usual country charm with his character Willoughby. It's a character we've seen him play before, but it's a character he knows how to play. Rounding out the excellent supporting cast is Caleb Landry Jones, who is enjoying a marvelous 2017, and Lucas Hedges, who is also having a really good year. They both do well and aren't completely overshadowed by the leads in their limited roles.After watching the film, the main idea that makes this film work is the balance. Everybody uses it very well, whether it be McDonagh with his pretty good script or the actors with their masterful performances. As both an entertaining ride and eye-opening experience, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is one of the better films to come out this year.

It's a shame that directors sometimes do not take every department of a movie seriously. This film, being good, could have been much better, if I had had a good picture and better directed.What I like is that it really reflects the American style. It is not a film of forgiveness, quite the opposite. It's a justice movie. If I have to do something to get justice, I do it. The characters adapt to the events. They all ascend the film and go towards their goal.There are all the great actors, but above all Sam, I liked it a lot. Frances plays a good role, but it's not great. Woody has done better things, but he passes the test.It has a photograph that could be independent film. He has not bothered to make it interesting. He does not rely on her.It has an address that focuses on the actors, gets good performances and tells the story. But he has set aside several tasks and I do not like that. He does not know how to position the camera.It will take several Oscars but I hope not too many.

Good but it had many faults and mistakes. 
Also I don't buy that we are going to be best friends after you burn down the half of my face or if someone throws me out of a window I would not forgive that.
If my kid attacks me with a knife I wouldn't act like that. Etc... 
Overally enjoyable that's why I gave it 7.I wouldn't give it a single Oscar for anything. Simly doesn't deserve it. There are many other movies that are not nominated for anything and are better in every aspect. ( Saying all this after about 2000 movies and with a good taste. )

This is my more of a commentary on the movie rather than a review. 
Three Billboards is not about those billboards, murder of an innocent girl nor about all the mayhem we encounter throughout the movie. It is not a crime movie as IMDb tag suggests. It's a tragic drama with dark comedy elements which mainly come from one-liners. I think the way this movie ends is a witness to that. Questions like: Who was the culprit who tortured Mildred's daughter; How did Mildred's relationship with the rest of the city came to be; Did she and Dixon kill supposed rapist at the very end - this and similar question are simply of no importance. If Three Billboards had ended with bringing culprit to justice and delineated details regarding mutual detours from normal citizen relationships, we could have easily thought this was a crime movie about the torture and murder of an innocent girl. That's probably the reason why McDonagh decided to end it somewhat abruptly. I think this story is about lack of communication which can lead us to believe others are not in the same team as we are, even occupying enemy positions. Three Billboards in a funny and sad way at the same time shows how dangerous that thinking can be. Acting publicly while holding grudges cannot bring anything good. Hence I think Mildred shouldn't have put those billboards at that time - she was to hasty, not giving enough thought about the potential aftermath. Law enforcement responded to her decision to put those billboards very poorly and there you have it - havoc and anger. And we know that anger begets more anger. Despite enjoying the movie thoroughly, I think some of the scenes and profanities were a bit too quaint. I believe it could've been even better without being so overwhelmingly profane and if Mildred appeared at least a little more feminine. If you don't mind that, you're completely safe to giving it a go. ~ If you found screenwriting and dialogues interesting, check out Birdman if you haven't yet.

Some films are easy to review. You are, after all, just writing down your opinion on something and generally, your opinion is fairly set once the film is over. You were bored, enthralled, amused or repulsed. Your judgement may well differ from others, but at least you know your own. Then along comes a movie like "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" and I'm honestly not sure exactly how I feel about it. Let's start with the facts. The film stars Francis McDormand as Mildred, a bereaved mother whose daughter was raped and murdered seven months ago. Desperate to keep the case relevant, she rents three billboards near her house and uses them to accuse the local police department, and specifically the Chief, Willougby (Woody Harrelson) of forgetting about the case. The billboards stir up feelings across the town as the police chief is a popular figure. Particularly upset is Deputy Dixon, (Sam Rockwell) who starts to look for ways, inside and outside the law, to have the billboards taken down. The spine of the film is Francis McDormand's Oscar nominated performance. This is, for me, one of the films first real contradictions. Her performance is brave and unyielding, but it's also showy and obvious. It's feels like it's a role designed to win awards rather than an authentic portrayal of a real person. In fact, authenticity, is something that the movie struggles with across the board. There's an admirable idea related to almost all the characters in the film, that no one is an absolute. Chief Willougby is a good example. He's not ignoring Mildred's case but the evidence has come up with no leads, he's a good family man but tolerates a degree of racism from his officers. However, these character traits seem at odds with the lack of legitimacy in the beats of the story. There are several scenes of violent crimes being committed, and witnessed, without any genuine consequence, which seriously undercut any sense of realism. Some plot points seem half baked and disappear without any conclusion but the most egregious problem that the film has though is that it doesn't, in any way, earn the redemption of Sam Rockwell's Dixon. Openly and fairly unapologetically racist from the out, he ends the film as the nearest thing the film has to a "hero" despite never really repenting or undergoing any character growth. In light of the way the world is in early 2018, it feels horribly out of touch. The tone of the film is difficult to pin down. It's often funny, with some laugh out loud lines of dialogue but there are other scenes of suicide and menace that are difficult to watch. That said, the films is never less than watchable and none of the performances let the side down. To conclude, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" is a real Curates Egg of a film, but one worth exploring, if only as a character study.

This movie has highs and lows for me. But waay more highs than lows.Let's start with the highs. I love almost every single performance on this movie. Everyone is simply great, with FANTASTIC performances especially from Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. They won the Golden Globe, and I wouldn't be surprised if they win the Oscar too. And, come on, it will be fair. Woody Harrelson, and Lucas Hedges (we need to look at this boy more, first Manchester by the Sea, he is on Lady Bird too - I didn't see that yet -, and now this one, the boy is good, has a big future ahead) are also very good on the movie.The storyline of the movie is intriguing, and keeps you at the edge of your sit almost the entire runtime. I love mainly the first half of the movie, was almost perfect to me, how we get to see how the billboards thing goes, how everyone reacts to it, fantastic. There are some scenes that I really blown away. When they show what's really the only glance of Mildred daughter, when both say "I hope that you/I are/am raped" (and this was probably the last time that they see each other) I said out loud "Holy shit!", like, my God, this is heavy, makes you think about the way that you might treat your parents (or any member of the family) when you're upset (I never gotten to this point, but ok), makes you think that today might be the last time that you see someone that you love, so those last word are truly important, they will be stuck in your head for the last of your life, and there is nothing that you can do about it.When Willoughby kills himself was also a shocking moment, I didn't see it coming. But, made sense, and also makes you think about this man life, like, how sad was that? What would have been worst? His daughters see he at the end weak and skinny, or they group up knowing that he kills himself? It's tough. And mainly, that is why I love the first half of the movie, it's perfect, powerful, surprising, amazing.Well, and we arrive at the part when the thinks starts to get a little bit worst. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, awful or anything like that, it's just "less good", and there are some plot details that I was quite bothered about.
First, what a hell was that? How a guy throws another guy out of a WINDOW (ON THE FIRST FLOOR OF A BUILDING) IN FRONT OF THE CHIEF AND DOESN'T GET ARRESTED? What kind of city is that? Lol. Some other thing that I didn't bought was that people really make a "movement" around Mildred (defending the Chief), and one thing really made me confuse, the guy who goes bully Mildred at the store right before the Chief kills himself, was the same guy at the end? Like, wtf? He wasn't even from the Town, and still was friends of the Chief? I don't know, it might be, but is odd, isn't? It's a hell of a coincidence. I don't know if I like the end too, with a kind of "force" ambiguity, I don't think 
that Mildred would shy away from killing him.Oh, another thing that I almost forgot. The "zoo girlfriend", come on, she is in a completely different movie, both scene that he show up. Yes, the movie has a sense of humor, but it's a whole different kind, the girl it's almost in a parody trash movie. But the movie has a lot of other thing that I love, even through I think that makes no sense at all Dixon doesn't be arrested, I love the scene when they are in the hospital, and he realize what an asshole he was this whole time. Love the interrogation scene, the surprises of the script, and mainly the performances, this is really the great trump of the movie.In short, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri it's a great film, that will probably win an Oscar or two (or even more). I have some issue with it, but in the big picture, I really liked.Edit: I forgot, the soundtrack is awesome too. Really good.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a film that portrays something that unfortunately is happening nowadays, after the Hollywood scandals where it had many accusations against actors on sexual harassment, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri tells the story of a mother who is interpreted of impeccable way by Frances McDormand and that possibly will take the Oscar for best actress in the Oscar 2018 that decides to put three billboards on a road that is little used to get the attention of the case that was not solved of a brutal roar and murder of its daughter, is a film that has a great script, but I found the film slow, the direction of Martin McDonagh is good, but not impressive, the performances besides Frances McDormand that steals the film, we have Woody Harrelson making a character that is no longer in the his career, Sam Rockwell who is very well, Peter Dinklage, Lucas Hedges and etc, the way the story is conducted did not excite me at all Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a good movie, has many quality, Frances McDormang is impeccable and carries the film, but I expected more. Note 7.7

Three Billboards is rarely subtle, even though it gives that false sense that it may be. It is a film that feels both big and small at the same time, and as far as I'm concerned, that's an incredible achievement. Francis McDormand is once again utilized brilliantly, this time as an angst-filled, impatient mother willing to bulldoze a system she believes is not working on behalf of her family. It would behoove anyone watching the first minutes of this film not to be brought into a false sense of calm and believe you're watching something of a slow burn. Things happen fast, and it has a kind of intensity that one might not expect of a film like this. Sam Rockwell has always been a favorite of mine since Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, and rarely disappoints in the roles he chooses. It's no different here. A complicated man one could easily write off as an idiot, the arc of his character is breathtaking and nuanced. Almost poetic.Woody Harrelson is, to me, always at his best. He's easy to watch because he's an effortless actor. He knows his craft well, and he's given us a solid performance this film. The rest of the cast turn in fine performances (special kudos to Caleb Landry Jones), and don't detract in any way from the film. Everyone is watchable. The film is not perfect. There are times when I wondered why certain decisions were made, especially with the appearance of an ex relationship, a shocking end involving a character, an obvious insertion of a character to create more intrigue (however at the end one realizes it was totally unnecessary and not well thought out), and even a part where I nearly blurted out loud "oh come on! He had to have heard that!" Some of that was a little frustrating and seemed too contrived and unbelievable, but overall, this film it a good way to spend 115 minutes. It does not feel like a nearly two-hour movie. That's testament to its worth.All in all, it's a very good effort, and it stays with you. Not forgettable, and fun discussing over a drink afterward. Do I believe it deserved the Golden Globe last night? Well, it won. It was up against some very good films, and held its own. I've seen all but one of the nominated films, and I think it deserved the win. I think Frances deserved the win. I think Sam deserved the win. I don't think it should have won best screenplay over another contender. But... that's just my opinion. Such is life.

As soon as Three Billboards outside Ebbing Missouri got the best picture and best actress Golden Globe I saw it.I had heard of the story line of the movie - A girl is raped and there are no arrests, the mother takes it in her own hands to do something about it.
I was expecting a usual rape revenge drama. But this gem is packed with much unexpected script delivered with unusual character developments and flow of events - ending in a climax that leaves us - what next?Francis McDarmond is one of my favorite actress of Hollywood. Strong, deep into the character and rarely misses a note of acting. She is brilliant as an eccentric mother and a lone ranger fighter. Her pesona reflects so much anger and grit that one feels that nothing will ever stop her.Within a town run by corrupt police to business as usual people, with eye-balling media awaiting a sensational news-story - this movie is packed with easy going overview of such events that unnerve and harass normal lives prevalent commonly in small towns all over the world.The director Martin McDonagh had seen bill-boards of unsolved crime on one of his trips that gave him the story idea and casting of Francis was kept in mind while writing this fictional story and script of the movie.There are small sub-plots in the movie with extremely well developed characters that are thrown at the audience unpredictably. Some you hate, some you love, and some of them makes you change your perspective from hate to like.A string of small anecdotal comic stream is added to bring relief in otherwise swearing overtones of abuses spoken throughout the movie. I would also point out that there are many obvious flaws and potholes in the narration, that can be overlooked. Francis McDormand brings to life a quirky character filled with remorse, tragedy with grit to fight every road-block she faces. Brilliantly portrayed.The background score of a few country tracks are very pleasing and ear-catching tunes.This movie has already collected more than 50 awards and nominated for more than 150 worldwide. A sure hit at the Academy Oscars.(I give this movie 7.25 out of 10)

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri: Written and Directed by Martin McDonaghThis movie had me at a bit of a crossroads. My initial reaction to it was one of pure hatred. I was angry at the ending. I was angry at what went down. What made me so angry? Could it be that I too was looking for answers where there were no answers to find? This is about a woman who rents out three billboards calling out the police department of her town after her daughter's murder case goes cold. You might think this is about finding out who this girl's killer was and bringing some closure to this family. This is not it. This woman's confrontational attitude brings out this side of people she's probably known her whole life. They feel the need to defend the police and fight right back against her. Mind you this is a woman who lost her daughter in a most horrific way trying to maintain some semblance of sanity while continuing to raise her son. Should they be angry at her about this? Her anger is justified. Her grief is important. The police chief understands this. This is not what you might think this movie is at first glance. It is a swirl of emotions, both complex and raw. It took me some time to digest it after the fact to really get a good grip on it. The performances are superb. You love people and you hate them. You think you understand them but then the movie shows you just another side of them. They are complex, well rounded performances full of depth. There is a point in the movie where things do go off the rail but I believe escalation is part of the theme running through the story's DNA. You might have suspend just a bit more disbelief. 
I give this movie a B.

If constantly using profanity qualifies a movie as funny, then this film is a comedy. I found it depressing and somewhat disgusting. I think Missourians should be offended by this movie. SPOILER ALERT: there is a graphic suicide scene involving a terminally ill cancer patient. Hilarious, right?

I get what this movie is trying to conveys, but not the best way for doing this. Does this movie have any action? No. Does it have any lesson or message for the spectator? No. This film simply lacks the essence, the heart of the story. Yes, the screenwriter is just following all this big themes that are so popular and taboo these days: racism and feminism, and of course the biggest feature of man kind, revenge, but it OBVIOUSLY FAILS. The scenario is very poor, the actors do a great job, but here we go again and again (as in 80% of the film out there) good actors, bad script. Is this movie overrated? Yes, of course. Why? Because you can find in this movie all the big social problems that are so discussed these days and of course, and somehow that pleases everyone, but no, this isn't a great movie, isn't some masterpiece, it's just a movie whose producers were smart enough to please everyone. Period. (P.S. But not smart enough to do it in a great way)

I love a good black comedy, and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is precisely that. Humour is perhaps our most essential tool for discussing the dark issues we face in life, and this is a movie filled with Writer/Director Martin McDonagh's trademark dry wit and talent for combining scathing comedy with serious subject matter. Frances McDormand is a terrific lead, full of venom and thinly-veiled bitterness, scowling and sneering at those who wrong her. Her situation is understandable, as is her consternation at what she sees as a slack approach to it from her local police force, which she goes head-to-head with. Brilliant supporting roles are provided by Woody Harrelson and especially Sam Rockwell, who is the quintessential snivelling, ignorant bigot, who is given a chance to grow beyond his raw hatred and finally do some good with his life. The story itself seems to take too many digressions in the 3rd act, but I liked the uncertainty upon which it ended, and the questions it forces the audience to ask. I don't mind a perfectly happy ending it if feels right and fits the tone, and it certainly wouldn't have here. The jokes are, in keeping with the material, harsh and even cruel, but what's being presented is unpleasant, and the movie never tries to lampshade it. It never feels overlong and surprises keep popping out of nowhere. Being a huge fan of In Bruges, McDonagh's cinematic debut, I'm glad to see he is keeping the tradition of highly observant dark comedies alive.

The stage curtains open ...Well, don't know what to say. I realize it has received all these major accolades and awards. I can see by the overall rating here in IMDb and on other websites that is has won over the majority of its viewers too. I guess I'm in the minority here as I can't really see why this film needed to be made in the first place.Seven months after the brutal rape and murder of her daughter, Mildred Hayes (Frances McDormand) decides to stir the pot after no headway is made in the case with the local authorities. So, she rents three billboards outside of her little Missouri town and posts three very disturbing statements which brings up the ire of the entire town - including that of her own son.This is one of those movies that is about the moment - not the end goal. It is about the journey more than the destination. Her reason for renting these three billboards in the first place is to find her daughter's killer. But, that is not the reason for the movie. The reason for the movie is the three billboards themselves and the consequences she and others have to face by putting them up. Along the way, the original end goal, destination or reason (that of finding her daughter's killer) is lost and all you are given to comprehend is the here and now.The acting was absolutely superb, I will give it that. But by the end of the movie, I was sitting there shaking my head. Was this the only reason this movie was made? To show Frances McDormand's acting chops? This was reminiscent of another movie starring Nicole Kidman titled, "Strangerland". There is no absolution or resolution in that film either. If this rides well with you, then I think you'd enjoy this film. If you are in it for solving the mystery behind the reason of the movie - you will be disappointed.Not a recommend, unless you want to see some good acting. For me, it was Just Okay - worth a watch, but ultimately forgettable.

I mean Fargo 2.0. (Sorry, your review is too short.) Thats what I only say. ínothing more....

Sat down to watch what I expected to be quite a good film based on all of the amazing reviews and I am still trying to figure out all the gushing.
The plot is so bad it made me angry, a lady commits serious crimes and they are ok fornsome unexplained reason.There is some great acting but in a poor film.

I recommend reading my comments after seeing the movie, but if you never intend to see it, read them now: The script gives its characters words we should not expect them to say, to express insights that should surprise us. The characters follow the path to cinematic fulfillment (the movie leads to a road trip). For all its appearance of social consciousness, Three Billboards is an entertainment. The artful ways the movie delivers platitudes makes the platitudes seem fresh. The characters must be in darkness (since they're from Missouri?) before discovering that they can move into the light. They're supposedly racist and bigoted -- what does that have to do with finding or failing to find a rapist/murderer? Now that I have asked, I offer an answer. The practice of racism and bigotry breaks down its practitioner's will to work overtime, and it reduces the incentive to explore the unknown. Movie vengeance, however, is always worth the extra effort.
 
To demonstrate the degree to which one can work overtime, the fired police officer nearly kills himself to catch the monster criminal. Ultimately, there could be a cover-up to protect the accused, who is a desert marine, in order to demonstrate the degree of bias the police can have in favor of veterans over civilians.But the conjecture is for our own amusement. The piece is a construct, filled with incendiary randomness...cancer, suicide, torture, rape, murder, arson
(To quote memorable lines from Bob Dylan, "Abe said, where do you want killing done? God said, Out there on Highway 61" ... by the three billboards.). These unexplained initial acts (How low can humans go?) are what make the movie possible.As with Tarrantino movies (which get more entertaining the older they get) some human automaton out there must be willing to do a horrible act in order to test everyone's reactions.In Mr. McDonagh's move (this one), the lines that resonate currently are spoken in the brick-a-brack shop "Did you do it?"
Answer: "No." 
The unspoken further answer for the audience to add later is, "but I've been doing the same thing in Iraq."Yes, I kept watching. Toward the half-way mark the surprises in cross narratives grabbed my attention and held me to the end. That in itself deserves my acknowledgment of efforts of all involved in creating this piece.There is a Nicholas Roeg reference in this movie, which I see discussed elsewhere in the IMDB comments which I did not believe while watching. In the movie, the movie on TV is "Don't Look Now," Mr. Roeg's Venetian Lost Child Thriller. "Don't Look Now" is scary. It doesn't mount social consciousness issues to create self-satisfying entertainment. (I'm thinking the resurgence of socially conscious entertainment began with the 2004 "Crash."I like that this movie ends with the two major stars on a road trip.

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is an absolutely fantastic film and is definitely worth viewing at least once. It's a movie that really simply defies any attempt to classify it by genre; it possesses elements of drama, dark comedy and tragedy, to say the least. Fundamentally, the film excels as a study of human emotional nuance; there are really no "bad guys" or "good guys," at least not within the group of main characters that the film focuses on. Three Billboards asks more questions than it answers, but without passing judgement on the characters themselves as they struggle to find the path, and themselves, against the backdrop of small-town apathy.

The acting was great and the story was good right up to the end and then the writers forgot to write an ending. They deserve an F for their lack of effort. Otherwise I reallu\y enjoyed the show but once again the lack of writing talent shows how that lack can ruin a movie. Just my opinion.
