
In 2008, Italian director Paolo Sorrentino made a film about a, then, still living sinister political figure Giuliano Andreotti. The ferociousness of the portrait was acceptable to the public at large because it was presented as a stylish, slightly surreal comedy. Adam McKay sets VICE in a more realistic universe but the results are just as pungent, disturbing and funny. Christian Bale is spookily perfect. And Amy Adams is a modern day Lady Macbeth of major proportions. The most unsettling part of the whole experience, because Vice is an experience, is the knowledge that this are the people chosen by the people. The fact that countries have the governments they deserve gives me a chill in 2018. A remarkable film with remarkable performances. Bravo.

As Adam McKay's follow-up to The Big Short (one of my favorite films of 2015) he is back with another dark satirical comedy.Just like in The Big Short, the amount of information McKay throws at you is a little overwhelming, especially if you don't fully understand it. It is a little slower paced of a movie, but the way he frames every scene has such gusto that you can't take your eyes off the screen.Other than the brilliant script the main thing to note in this movie is the perfect casting. Christian Bale and Amy Adams teaming up again, this time as Dick and Lynne Cheney further prove they should team up in every movie together. Christian Bale is so believable as Dick Cheney that you suddenly forget that you are even watching Bale at all. Then you have Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld, Sam Rockwell as George W. Bush, Tyler Perry as Colin Powell, Naomi Watts, Lily Rabe, Jesse Plemons (in a role that I did NOT see coming), and plenty more.There is a fantastic scene between Lynne and Dick where Plemons' character narrating notes - that we wouldn't know what they actually would have said in this certain moment, but he images it would be something quite Shakespearian. Then Lynne and Dick start talking like they are in Macbeth. Their chemistry is just fantastic and you get to see how much Lynne stepped up, and her ambitions and reservations with going into this political world.As much as this movie paints Cheney as a villain, McKay still gave him depth and compassionate moments, and showing all of his health troubles. You really see how this man became the most powerful VP that we have ever had in the history of the U.S. Presidency and how scary that is because it is all true. We have lived it.This movie is definitely not for everyone but I really enjoyed it. There is a funny after credits scene that shows how divided our country is, and the quote above is exactly what you should be asking yourself at the end of the movie. So, what do we believe?

This is one of the best films I've seen this year & left the theatre with the same feelings toward the political system as I did after BlacKkKlansmen (2018) & Sorry To Bother You (2018). A pseudo-documentary/dramedy biopic that tells the story of Cheney's political career while skewering the Republican Party & Washington DC politics in general, from the Nixon administration to today. It brings to light how politicians will sell-out everything in the pursuit for power, just how much sway one person can hold in politics, how media was forever changed under the Bush administration, & how all of this is still effecting us today. It's a film that has as many laughs as it does moments of bitter truth, many of them bleeding into each other. Again putting his body through a drastic change for a role, Christian Bale is absolutely incredible as Dick Cheney with his mannerism & glare down perfectly. I'm just as impressed with Amy Adams, Steve Carell, & Sam Rockwell. The editing is fantastic & the narrator was an interesting touch, especially once it's revealed who he is in relation to Cheney. And the mid-credits scene perfectly expresses what the reactions to this film will be.

It puts "Hereditary" to shame. However, I disagree with critics' assertions that director McKay set out to make Cheney seem like a complete monster. He often humanized him, and there were a couple of moments when a few of the members of my audience got somewhat emotional. If you had asked them before the movie if they were going to shed a tear while they watched it, they probably would have replied, "HELL NO." Also, whereas I would state firmly that there was ZERO link to anything that involved 9/11 and Iraq, McKay provides a very tenuous, dubious possible link to him-- which later completely boomerangs into Cheney's face.
To put it bluntly, it was the worst administration of all time, and as the film states early, I think that many Americans have either forgotten it or never really paid attention to it completely. When Democrats describe their worst fears of possible Trump disasters, I don't think that they know that they are describing things that *actually occurred* during the first decade of this century. When Bale as Cheney looks directly into the camera and delivers a monologue-- or postmortem-- about his tenure as vice president, it might remind you of Emperor Palpatine's rationalizations in the Star Wars prequels. As the film shows, at the time there were justifications for unitary executive privilege that were written by a single moron and apparently regarded as gospel-- and can be used as precedent by future presidents. And I probably don't need to remind you about the most unjustified, wasteful, moronic and disastrous war in American history, which he strongly advocated and for which the entire world is continuing to pay a heavy toll. This film is actually important.Finally, Bale is my choice for best lead actor of 2018. It was a tour de force performance.If this film has any slight problems for me, I didn't like some of its artistic license. Sometimes I wanted it to be more straightforward. But it's a must watch.

The acting was amazing. I'll give you that. The contents made me feel uncomfortable with how liberally slanted it was, and I'm a liberal.

I was able to see this at an advanced screening. What got me excited to go see Vice, along with the stellar trailer, was Adam McKay's involvement as the writer/director. His work on the Big Short was amazing and he's shown a lot of growth as a filmmaker. This was a big subject and with his ability to explain complicated issues, I was sure I was in for something memorable. I left the theatre impressed with the fact that he was able to replicate his style in Vice. He has the unique explanations and jokes down pat and while I wanted even more, the movie kept me entertained throughout with lots of laughs and some gripping drama.With McKay being a famous democrat supporter, do you think he was a big fan of Dick Cheney (played here by Christian Bale)? The movie is definitely of the mind that he's a manipulative force that cares little for humanitarian solutions to terrible problems throughout the world as opposed to a patriotic visionary. But despite that, I was shocked that the movie tried to give Cheney some humanity through his interactions with his daughter Mary (Alison Pill). He also has a couple of tender moments with his wife Lynne (Amy Adams). I read interviews that McKay did where the question was if his movie about Cheney would be poorly received by both sides of the American political aisle. Is it too harsh for conservatives but too light for liberals? I think this is accurate, Cheney is sculpted throughout the movie he starts out as a dolt but slowly grows into his role and develops fangs of his own. It may be too middle ground for some, but I thought they played it almost right. Cheney's ending monologue shows how he really feels about his legacy (its right out of the House of Cards playbook and it was the best moment of the movie for me) but I'll credit McKay for holding back a little bit as opposed to going for the jugular.If the subject matter doesn't immediately catch your eye, maybe the star-studded cast will. Christian Bale stars as our protagonist Dick Cheney, he's a total chameleon and I honestly forgot I was watching someone performing as Dick Cheney. The awards and accolades he's going to get for this are well deserved. The supporting cast are equally up to the task, Amy Adams does a wonderful job as Lynne. She's a veteran and she is owed just as much credit as her male co-stars for taking what could be a forgettable part and doing a lot with it. I thought Sam Rockwell did a more understated job as George W. Bush than I expected. He plays up Bush's confusion and ignorance, but his portrayal isn't as malicious, and I think he was great. Steve Carell has turned into an elite dramatic actor, he gets the job done here, I think he has the least amount of meat to his part but he's solid. There were lots of recognizable faces in cameo and brief supporting parts, some of my favourites were Jesse Plemons, Alfred Molina, Tyler Perry, Alison Pill, Naomi Watts and Don McManus.I'm happy to keep showering this movie with praise but I also didn't completely fall in love with it. The first third to half of the movie can drag, it contains a lot of pertinent information about Dick and Lynne Cheney and while there are moments, there were stretches where I was waiting for it to pick up the pace. Vice has the wild sense of style that I wanted from it, with the cutaways for jokes and visual representations and they brought the laughs. I just wanted more of that in Vice. The trailer for this movie portrays Vice as a straight comedy, this movie also packs a lot of drama (its more dramatic than McKay's previous work the Big Short) and its deeply affecting. But while there are some small concessions to the Cheney family (more than I expected them to) the direction of the slant on Cheney's story is decidedly one way. I went to this advance screening with a conservative friend and it wasn't his cup of tea.I love the direction that McKay's work is going, I still prefer the Big Short to Vice because it was more comedy than drama and it was such a fresh take on a complicated subject. While he also does a decent job of explaining the intricacies of Cheney's backroom dealings, he never loses sight of the point he's trying to make. Cheney's reign as VP led not only the USA but the free world in the direction we now find ourselves currently sitting in. This is another movie that knows who their audience is and disregards the rest, if you're conservative or a republican voter, don't expect different than what you see in the trailer. This isn't a heroic tale of Cheney, his family or his colleagues and while I was surprised that they gave Cheney some humanity, he's the villain of the piece for sure. I really enjoyed this but I'm firmly at an 8.5/10 and I must round up to a 9/10. If you're in the target demographic for the movie, are interested in seeing a funny but informative look about the George W. Bush administration or want to see what should be a big contender come awards season, Vice is definitely worth showing up to the theatre to see.

After I first saw the trailer for this film, I wasn't expecting such a funny, yet unsettling film. Christian Bale plays Dick Cheney, an intelligent man whose thirst for power sees him become the most influential American Vice-President ever. Bale's performance is commendable, but Vice's supporting cast - consisting of Amy Adams, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell - complete the movie. Writer and Director Adam McKay brought this true story of power (and it's abuse) and politics to life with his unique perspective, and the skilled editing makes this film all the more enjoyable. In my opinion, Vice is a must-see film of 2018.
9/10

This film is held together by some truly outstanding performances (Bale and Adams, in particular). It will no doubt be compared to writer/director Adam McKay's film adaptation of The Big Short. But while that story covered just a couple years, Vice spans nearly 4 decades, significantly more difficult to fit into a 2 hour film.McKay's use of a narrating character is sometimes helpful in providing context and continuity, though I think it worked better in The Big Short.As a bio-pic, Vice does a good job of capturing Cheney's drive for power and his devotion to his family. Complicated people are generally difficult to depict in film, but McKay and the team he assembled gave it an effort worthy of some awards.I found some of the editing a bit quirky to the point of distraction, but I definitely recommend seeing it. Be sure and stay to the end.

I lean so far left that I struggle to stand upright and maintain an open mind. But a bad movie is a bad movie, I don't care which side of history it is on.VICE is an uneven and dishonest mess, a real disappointment from director Adam McKay, who did such a fine job with THE BIG SHORT.Other reviewers-- amateur and professional-- have raked VICE's many flaws over the coals. I'll reduce my complaint to one glaring omission which brings into focus how tendentious this movie is:We are shown the NYTimes editorial by Joseph Wilson that angered the White House into retaliating: someone (the movie blames Cheney, which is plausible) leaks the fact that Wilson's wife, Valerie Plame, is a CIA agent, blowing her cover.The Times may have been innocent in "Plamegate," but it, and nearly all of mainstream media, has blood on its hands for having supported the Administration's blatantly false claims that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Cheney alone isn't responsible for the invasion of Iraq-- far from it-- yet that is what McKay very clearly implies, leaving the media off the hook.We shouldn't forgive the media, or McKay for giving the Times a pass.On the upside, Christian Bale's performance is as close to a perfect imitation as I can imagine, and Sam Rockwell brings expert comic subtlety to his portrayal of Bush II.

I was really looking forward to this movie for a long time and for a variety of reasons, despite my aversion to Dick Cheney and his policies. I love the cast as well as satire/dark humor, and loved "The Big Short" (which I saw in theaters in 2015 and rated a 9 out of 10.) A dark satire about an unpopular and infamous vice president was always going to be a difficult task to pull off, but I was not expecting anything near the startling failure that this film turned out to be. I genuinely can't believe that this film turned out to be such a mess.First and foremost, the editing in the film is simply horrendous. I understand that McKay wanted to do this film in an unconventional style, which I normally would support given that the conventional tropes of the biopic genre have grown stale and old. However, the film's juxtaposition of quick cuts is too jarring for even the most seasoned viewers to keep straight. Sometimes the use of quick cuts is necessary (i.e. war footage,) but other times it is questionable (repeated analogous or symbolic references) or completely ridiculous. The film's perceived self-awareness is all over the place, trying to make itself seem more comedic and dumbed down at times, as if the viewer needed to be punished, and its often-bizarre narration is just silly. The acting tends to weirdly alternate between being overdone and undercooked--which is truly puzzling given the film's outstanding cast.Also, McKay failed to understand this time how to deliver stark political commentary without seeming schlocky or over-the-top (a la Michael Moore and Oliver Stone.) Speaking of Moore and Stone, the film is essentially a love child of both of their filmographies--and that's not always a good thing. The reason is because the film seems to not always be concerned with proper presentation of facts. I'm a lifelong Democrat and no fan of Cheney myself, and while much of the film is likely accurate, some of it probably is not (which the film seems to inadvertently acknowledge as it commences) or presented misleadingly. The bizarre editing also causes grave damage to the possibility that more viewers will see the film as credible. And while the film will certainly infuriate liberals, it not only offers no commentary on solutions on how to best move on from Cheney's (and now Trump's) worldview--it explicitly feels solely like preaching to the choir from beginning to end. While McKay rightly criticizes Fox News in the film for its use of schlocky, highly biased and opinionated information, he fails to understand that sometimes his film feels like a liberal version of a Fox News broadcast rather than a more thorough and potent critique of Cheney. After the outstanding "The Big Short," I'm truly puzzled that this film turned out this bad. 3/10

I can't say anything that's already been said. Christian Bale is phenomenal as always, continuing to prove that he may be the best actor working today (props for not using a fat suit GARY OLDMAN). Adam McKay thinks we are all idiots and thinks he's a genius. I think this type of humor and edge paid off in The Big Short but it felt wrong in a film that emphasized Cheney's influence on the deaths of thousands of innocent people. The post credit scene has gotta be the worst one in history, it's not funny and it made it even clearer that McKay thinks so lowly of his audience. Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Steve Carrell, Sam Rockwell, Naomi Watts(!) how do you assemble such an outstanding crew of actors and fail to blow away your audience?

The acting in the movie is very good, entertaining throughout and well directed. This film is only low rated because of the political remarks it makes. It gives a scary and accurate depiction of the Iraq war, and for many individuals- especially those who lean politically right- this depiction is harsh. But this is genuinely not the case. In a political situation as dire and controversial as the one we are currently in, it is hard for people to be confronted with hard and scary realities. This movie does such, but go in with an open mind and you may get something out of it.

How could a movie about Dick Cheney, arguably one of the most controversial and powerful men in Washington ever, come across as so dull??? I never usually fall asleep at movies, yet I found myself struggling to stay awake with this one. Re-watching a "Saturday Night Live" sketch with Will Ferell and Darrel Hammond as Cheney and Bush would be more compelling than this film.The filmmaker obviously hates Cheney, and does not even try to humanize the man, unlike Oliver Stone did with "W" a few years back. I knew very little about Cheney's life before the vice presidency, and after seeing this film I don't know much more than before, nor do I have a greater understanding of what made this man take the actions he did. We only saw Cheney from the time he was in his late 20s, and never got a sense of his childhood or what may have set the foundation for his later life. It's not so much a biographical film as it is a chaotic film juxtaposed with some other random elements, including the film's irritating narration.Christian Bale is a talented actor, and unrecognizable through most of the film, so props to the makeup department there. However, he offers little depth to the man and you're left wondering why you should really even care about Cheney, or his legacy, especially if he really is just a total jerk as this film portrays him to be. Sam Rockwell does a good job with his portrayal of George W., but Amy Adams (who I've loved in other movies) is given very little to do as Lynne Cheney, who in reality is a very educated and interesting person in her own right.Regardless of how you vote, as a film goer, you deserve better than a film with such an obvious agenda against its subject.

I saw "the big short" and really liked it. However, that movie was based on a very entertaining book and the odds to make a decent movie out of it were already in the favor of the makers. I liked the trailer of Vice and went to the cinema yesterday. Some good acting performances, but the movie itself just sucked. In the break, we thought about leaving but sometimes, the second half changes the picture. Not for this one. To summarize, Republicans are solar-panel-destroying idiots, FOX news is nazi propaganda and ...that's about it. If you believe that all Americans are idiots or (if you are an American) that half of the country are deplorables, it's your happy time for 2 hours. Otherwise, save your time and money.

Do not blame Republicans or Democrats. It is about power and only power. How movie has been made, oh my Lord! AMAZING! The story is brilliant, the actors- Oscar group winners, director- highest level. Enjoy the movie and don't be partisan.

With Big Short, director McKay made a film about the 2008 financial bubble collapse that's somehow both fascinatingly informative and propulsively entertaining. So how did he, with Dick Cheney biopic Vice, make a movie about a mysterious and ruthless American tyrant so dull and unenlightening? Flaunting many of the bursts of randomness we've come to expect in his satirical outings, at one point he has his characters speak in Shakespeare-like prose, unintentionally recalling the Bard's old adage, "...full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing." That is Vice, one of the most pretentious and obnoxious films in years.
A "comedic" expose on the life and career of Bush Jr.'s VP Dick Cheney, it's not so much a story as a chaotic collection of random moments. It doesn't work as either an empathetic vision of a complex man (i.e. Oliver Stone's W.), or as a take down of an evil tyrant (i.e. Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street), though it tries for both at different points. It doesn't work as a revelation, as most anything it has to say is well-known or easily researched with a quick Google trip. It doesn't work cinematically, parading around busyness as style. It doesn't work comedically, unless it's ripping off Big Short. And it doesn't work as a display of acting feats, everyone doing SNL-esque impressions in lieu of character work.
McKay seems to be turning into a narrative-focused version of Michael Moore, only without the conviction. Vice is the worst form of political choir-preaching: an infuriating amount of false equivalencies and self-righteous propaganda that only serves to rile up both sides of aisle, offering little except, "Conservatism bad; liberal good." Regardless of your politics, you deserve better than that.

This is an excellent blend of talent and story telling. So many aspects of this film really intrigue the audience. From the acting to narroration and beyond. Anybody who doesn't really care for politics would probably be blown away by it. Those that do find politics interesting would laugh out loud. Christian Bale's execution is flawless and McKay's direction style leaves plenty of juicy humor to bubble over the pivotal plot points. All in all you're getting a very interesting possibly very true account of one of America's most secretive and powerful Vice Presidents. Now stop reading this and go see it.

Finally something else than boring, cliché , uninspired & simply awful superhero movies full of people in masks punching each other & cheesy jokes (the only exception in the genre is of course Dark Knight Trilogy, simply a masterpiece, all 3 movies).''Vice'' is an artistic, very unconventional take on the times of Dick Cheney & Bush Junior and it will not be for everyone, but then again, whoever saw Big Short should expect unexpected. For me, this film is crossing the next boundaries in the cinema, a work that provokes deep reflection and I like it very much.That said, ''Vice'' has it's flaws. I agree with some critics that satire tries too hard and I would like to see a more linear narrative, because Bale gives a truly masterful performance here (Adams also) and I can only imagine what a masterpiece it could have been, if it was more classic perspective.But as for acting performances - my God, Bale is simply the most brilliant actor of his generation, period. Haters will of course claim the opposite, but they don't have a clue. Let me explain. Mannerism, occasional pauses when speaking, corners of his lips falling to one side, a completely different American accent than Bale usually uses and he nailed it and remember he is an Englishman! Also, Bale's natural voice is waaay deeper. Even the way he is holding his neck !! (producers talked in the interviews how they bought special machine for Bale, he used it to help him hold his neck just like Cheney). But this is not even the most important thing. The most important piece of this role, is mental structure and psychology, behind every gesture and gaze (McKay talks abt it in the interviews, go watch it) as it should be, this is not just an impersonation. Bale is powerful and terrifying figure, a man who once had rules, but starts to walk on corpses and on the other hand, he is still very human, he is a great father and an incredibly romantic husband. Bale showed it all with his acting and still watered it all with absurdity. If you still don't get it, go watch ''Actors on Actors'' series of interviews, with Tom Hanks and Viola Davis, this particular one. In this interview, Hanks and Davis - two brilliant actors with a lot of experience for sure - explain very well, that the real acting brilliance is when you could have better director, better script, yet still, by your acting alone, you make a role so good, and in this case, it's documentary-like, like you are watching real Cheney. They claim, that the most genius actors are those, who still shine & are the best thing even in a bad/not so great movies. And as a film school graduate, who already works a little in the industry, I can confirm, this is so true! Because filmmaking, even more than other fields, is a team effort and great director&screenwriter always helps an actor to achieve greatness in a given role, it is natural that good material in the script / good director strengthens the actor's good sides and helps him to hide his weaknesses. McKay is on his way to be fascinating director, but he still struggles with storytelling, he is no Spielberg or Scorsese, yet Bale, even in movies with flaws, is simply wonderful, each time (he had few cases like this in his career, for example Harsh Times - its a flawed, not the best movie, yet Bale plays a veteran, street rudeboy/gangster type character ridiculously good). And this is exactly why, for me Bale is way above Di Caprio and always will be. Di Caprio has been hiding behind the genius of Scorsese for several years, you can even say that he always did it, because from the beginning he took only projects of great directors (Allen, Cameron, Tarantino if he takes a break from Scorsese), he sits in a comfortable mainstream and doesn't challenge himself as an actor at all, doesn't go beyond a certain framework.Meanwhile, Bale, often chooses unobvious projects, "doggy" as he himself put it, he said : '' I always like that. Whenever there's a project where everyone's going : Oooooh, it's a bit dodgy, I always like it. If you actually look at it, there tends not to be anything risky at all. Why did I start acting in the first place? I didn't do it to be mediocre or to please everybody all the time.'' - I find it one of the greatest quotes about acting. Bale challenges himself all the time, like when he made Flowers of War, again, most actors sit in their comfort zone - mainstream. Christian did the Flowers of War movie, because he wanted the world to know more about terrible things, which happened in Nankin. Even if he didn't speak any Chinese and the whole crew on the set didn't speak any English, there was only 1 translator - this is real challenge for an actor. Another example is American Psycho - when Leo was afraid of public lynching if he played someone as disgusting as Bateman, and that's why, apparently, he finally gave up this role. Yet Bale turned out to be insanely good in this twisted, dark comedy, he was not only creepy, but funny as hell, I have yet to see Di Caprio playing a comedy and being great at it (and anyone who knows writing/filmmaking knows comedy is the most difficult genre, especially dark comedy). So overall, ''Vice'' is worth it just because of Bale's performance and I hope he will win an Oscar, becuase Cooper's overrated, bland and very much in the background role ain't anything special.The second reason to see ''Vice'' is of course Amy Adams, she is also simply amazing. Lady Macbeth - like, infernal intelligence and fierceness, and at the same time a great love for a man, for whom, she sacrificed entirely her ambitions. I also hope this is not the last time we see Bale&Adams together, coz they have great chemistry and understanding on screen. It is already their thrid cooperation (after The Fighter, American Hustle) and they both simply outstanding.In conclusion, I'm a little bit mad at Adam Mackay, because he as director and screenwriter could have done better job, but I give the movie a 9, because of a brilliance of Bale & Adams. Go watch it yourself !

First, this is not a comedy, no matter how hard it tried to be. There were a few moments where I though "that was kind of funny" but I didn't even crack a smile once, and I didn't hear a single laugh from the crowd in the theater. Overall, the movie should have stuck to a single time period. It glosses over some interesting stuff, but it never goes in depth enough to make it interesting. It was so well acted, and they set up a lot of potentially interesting plot threads that never panned out or went anywhere, so there was no real depth or emotion to any of the events depicted. The whole movie was directionless and I felt like I was watching a clip show rather than a story where there were stakes and consequences for the characters involved. The bit with the narrator was really interesting but the movie didn't build up to it enough, so it seemed like just another random event, rather than the merging of two plot threads.

Such a disappointment! So looking forward to this release, but while Christian Bale does a great job, the rest of the movie is A MESS!! Totally disjointed editing and uninspired narration has produced a sophomoric production that disappoints on multiple levels. The timeline jumps all over the place and is punctuated by inane commentary and black and white captions that try to "teach" the audience - just in case the message didn't hit you in the face. I'm middle-of-the-road politically, but even I was embarrassed by the blatant attempt that the movie made to express its political opinion. Yes, he loves his wife and children, and otherwise is portrayed as having no other redeeming qualities, but certainly a biopic can go a little further than that in portraying what is clearly a complex and conflicted character. High school productions have more depth and sophistication than this shallow rendition of a biographical portrayal. SAD!!!

Just a tyipicsl hit job of a decent conservative servant.
The entire premise set forth by the narrating character lacks any cohesiveness or interesting plot. It's nothing but a string of half truths that you would find on your fake news networks.
First movie I have walked out on for 30 minutes to go play pinball in 15 years.
Save your money and your mind.

My previous review was deleted, probably because it doesn't suit the politics at IMDB (which is disappointing that we are being left with selective reviews - like an echo chamber).After seeing the film a second time, i'm revising my score down from 7 to 5. Bale's portrayal of Cheney is excellent. Rockwell is excellent as Bush Jr. History should not be kind to either of these individuals.However, the movie bogs itself down in going well beyond a documentary and into pushing its own politics and revising history. As i've just watched a documentary of interviews with common people from 1929, I watch Adams' portrayal "all women were oppressed", it gnashes strongly against McKay's goal to be taken seriously as a documentary maker. McKay also takes liberties to only criticise some media outlets as Republican propaganda machines, when most of the media is Democrat propaganda (but McKay ignores the second scenario). Taking a shot at only Republican politicians, ignoring everything awful that was done by Democrats (eg. Bill Clinton's war mongering). Pretending that the only party who wants tax-cuts for the rich are the Republicans (but the Democrats forget to roll back these tax cuts when they're in power).What lets this documentary down is not the criticism of the WMD disaster, it's the absence of anything negative about Democrat destructiveness. It's the Amy Adams revisionist history for her own brand of politics.Thankfully, McKay already took care of that right at the end. Anyone that criticises a Democrat is a redneck. McKay must not be challenged.McKay is not a realist. He was superb at criticising the republicans. He was superb in casting Bale and Rockwell to paint some ugliness in a highly credible way. That's where the buck stops in this film. Too much of this movie borders on propaganda. You toe the party line or else. If it weren't for Bale and Rockwell, this movie would score 1 to 2.

More of a character study than a documentary. Brilliant performances. You can't argue with facts. They're honest about what's fiction. Loved the ending. Society is a mess!

The director is smart and if you don't see that, you're stupid, you dense dummy: liberal good, republican evil.The only thing the republicans in this movie were missing are horns. The movie abounds in demonic imagery and a dude literally lecturing about the evil republicans throughout the movie. At the end, Cheney is not just a baby killer, he takes the narrators heart. Not kidding.This movie tells you all you need to know about the culture wars. The preachy smugness of this movie is why Trump 2020 is not off the table, by a long shot.This feels almost like a parody of a leftist movie made by 4chan.

First I was a registered Dem since 18, which is quite a few years ago, I now however registered Independent, truly done with both parties...
Just so you understand my viewpoint, as Berlin Station was an amazing first season, then second and seems to be third have become a truly alt left soap box, this too has gone. Thought provoking, I am sorry but only thoughts this provokes is how much Hollywood thinks of themselves and we should just fall in line with their ideology.. Truly a waste of time, of what could have been a very funny mocumentary..

I think the movie at times was very intertaining and the acting great, but it seems to me that so many historical facts are left out. If you want to tell a true story its always best to remain neutral, but it is extremly clear that we are being served a political opinion. Wich to me makes it not entertainment but a propaganda film.

This film will be debated for years to come and be remembered for bale knocking it out of the park again. Love or hate there is no denying was a bargain at the box office.

The acting was amazing. It was reflective given the current political environment in the US. It was known alot of this was going on, at the time. But to see it on screen makes you pause.

Most liberal slanted movie I've seen in a long time. To use the phrases that it's based on truth is as big a lie as many of the portrayals in the movie. If you are on the far, far left you'll really love this but anyone from the political middle anywhere toward the right should be insulted!!

This movie was upsetting, frustrating, and creepy. Humor, what humor? The editing and cinematography were a mess! The quick cuts and inserted random images were confusing and off-putting. Its narration, and other aspects, broke the fourth wall way too many times. The music for the end credits was an odd choice. I think the casting was a waste of very talented actors. I don't think Christian Bale would have won the Golden Globe if he had been compared to actors in that category another year, and he can do better. Disappointing, disturbing, and hopefully forgettable.

Loved the intro 15 minutes in & you don't know when it ends. A few thought the movie had ended & left & it's like leaving a football game near the end of 4th qtr with your team behind & then hearing they came back & won! Very graphic & real at times!

Engaging Look at a Controversial Politician
Dick Cheney is such a controversial politician and he has been linked to some of the most controversial political events of at least the last twenty years, it is probably impossible to make a movie that will satisfy every political persuasion. For this reason the movie should be judged on its own movie-making techniques. In this respect Vice deserves a "Five-Star" rating. This is movie watching at its best.McKay has employed some inventive movie-making to produce a fine film. There are certainly a lot of flash-backs and flash-forwards employed to explain the events in Cheney's life. But he has made effective use in breaking the Fourth Wall between the audience and the movie characters. There are several on-going dialogues happening in this film, most of which are from Cheney himself. He allows the inner-most thoughts of these characters determine the depiction of the action in the film, so sometimes you, the viewer, are not immediately sure what is really doing on in the scene. Highly inventive directing and a smart script.The main actors have most of all captured the essence of the character they are playing. Sam Rockwell as President George W. Bush, Amy Adams as Liz Cheney, Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld, and of course, Christian Bale as Dick Cheney, have all morphed into their characters, so much so it is ungodly.The movie is described as a mock-documentary. While it certainly has elements of a documentary or mock-documentary, it is mostly a character study of Cheney and the people around him. McKay's movie will do this: It will move back and forth between documentary, mock-documentary character study and straight narrative and back again to try to unlock the mind, as much as humanly possible, the mind of Dick Cheney.The movie dramatically illustrates there will never be any political agreement on the legacy of Dick Cheney. The subtext of this movie is that in Dick Cheney's political world there is no Liberal or Conservative, but simply the Exercise of Power. If anything, the skilled movie making of McKay has added to the ambiguity of that legacy, and to the oblique, elusive, and ill-defined nature of Dick Cheney's character.

Whether it's entirely fact-based or not, I can't deny how engrossed I was by its unique and interesting style. The film starts out very strong and compelling, but the screenplay is bit choppy and doesn't stick the landing. While some events are brushed over, others are brilliant and enjoyable enough to make the film an overall worthwhile experience. The performances are truly great and Christian Bale is an absolute powerhouse with such a commanding presence. This is a film with purpose, no matter how unsubtle of a gut-punch it may intend to deliver.

While the performances all are noteworthy, the rest of Vice is an odd mishmash of one-sided politics and bizarre gimmicks. It's an entertaining watch, that's for sure. However, McKay tries too hard to replicate the success he had with the superior Big Short in 2015. The unique filming style he employs here worked a lot better with his prior film. What exactly was the point he was trying to make with this film? That he considers Dick Cheney to be an irredeemable Satan-like figure? Okay I guess, but that doesn't make the most compelling film.

Ostensibly a biopic of former Vice President Dick Cheney, Adam McKay's Vice argues that he was actually the de facto President, with George W. Bush taking a back seat, particularly in the globally crucial years from 2001-2003. Very much a political satire in the vein of Juvenal and Jonathan Swift, or films such as Wag the Dog (1997) and The Second Civil War (1997), Vice eschews conventional narrative structure, breaks the fourth wall regularly, intercuts shots of fly-fishing and animals hunting into the middle of tense plot-heavy dialogue scenes, features several self-reflexive references to itself, has a false ending, and has a scene in which characters speak in iambic pentameter. Much as was the case with recent "based on a true story" films such as BlacKkKlansman (2018) and The Front Runner (2018), Vice has one eye on the here and now, using Cheney's story as a vehicle to examine the current political situation in the US, positing that without the power-mad Dick Cheney and the Unitary Executive Theory, there would never have been a Donald Trump. However, although there are many individual moments of brilliance, the film is unsure if it's a straightforward biopic or an excoriating satire, ultimately finding a kind of ideological middle ground that mixes comedy with pathos, not always successfully.Narrated by Kurt (Jesse Plemons), a fictitious veteran of the Afghanistan and Iraq Wars, who claims to have a unique connection to Cheney, the film begins in Wyoming in 1963 as a young Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) is arrested for drunk driving for the second time. It then cuts to the Presidential Emergency Operations Center in the immediate aftermath of 9/11, as Cheney orders the shooting down of any suspicious commercial airliners, despite Bush (who was en route to Washington from Florida) not signing off on such an order. How Cheney got from being a drunk in 1963 to taking control of the government in 2001 is the film's primary focus. Much as in BlacKkKlansman, Vice concludes with a haunting montage that brings the story up to date, showing some of the long-term effects of the Bush-Cheney years (instability in the Middle East, irreparable damage to the environment, the rise of IS).Vice presents Cheney as devoid of ideology, with a Zelig-esque ability to alter his manner so as to best deal with whomever it is in whose company he finds himself. In this sense, his political ambition is portrayed as cynical and mercenary; McKay's Cheney has no interest in attaining power so as to influence policy or stimulate ideological change, he is obsessed only with power-for-power's sake. One of the most telling scenes in the film happens quite early when he learns that Nixon and Kissinger are planning to bomb Cambodia without going through Congress. Asking Chief of Staff Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carell), "what do we believe?", he is met by Rumsfeld laughing hysterically at being asked such a ridiculous question.Nowhere is his character shown as more ruthless and power-hungry than in a scene towards the end of the film. With his daughter, Liz (Lily Rabe), running for the Senate, a TV advert accuses her of "aggressively promoting gay marriage". Cheney's other daughter, Mary (Alison Pill), had been married to a woman for over a year at the time. The day after the advert aired, Liz appeared on Fox News Sunday and said she did not support gay marriage, causing a rift between the family and Mary which remains to this day. The film features a scene the night before Liz goes on TV, in which she asks permission to defend herself. In a chilling moment lifted right out of The Godfather: Part II (1974), Cheney indicates his approval with a single silent nod of his head.As with The Big Short (2015), Vice is aesthetically audacious. For example, the film is edited in such a way as to remind me of Oliver Stone's "horizontal editing" in films such as JFK (1991), Nixon (1995), U Turn (1997), and, especially, Natural Born Killers (1994). It's no coincidence that Vice was cut by Hank Corwin, who cut several of Stone's 90s films. For example, as Chaney attempts to manipulate Bush (Sam Rockwell) into agreeing to give him more power, there are intercepts of fly-fishing. It's not subtle, but it is effective. Elsewhere, much as Stone uses Coke commercials and footage from old films in Natural Born Killers, Vice features excerpts from the Budweiser "Whassup?" commercial and Survivor (2000). In another scene, when Cheney first learns of the Unitary Executive Theory, the film cuts to a lion bringing down a gazelle. For me though, some of the most effective editing in the film is more conventional. One particularly strong example is as Bush declares war on Iraq, the camera tilts down to show his leg is shaking. The film then cuts to a shot of an Iraqi civilian's leg shaking as the bombs begin to drop.Also similar to The Big Short is the film's sense of humour, with a tone of irreverence established from the very beginning, as the opening legend states, "the following is a true story. Or as true as it can be given that Dick Cheney is known as one of the most secretive leaders in recent history. But we did our f---king best." A particularly sardonic scene comes about an hour in, as the film shows Cheney turning down Bush when he asks him to be his running mate in 2000. At this point, the legend explains that Cheney had chosen family over politics, and that he happily lived out his days in Wyoming. As the Cheneys gather around a family barbeque, triumphant music swells, and the closing credits start to roll, only for the movie to interrupt itself, pointing out that that's not what happened. It's a very meta technique, and one which both mocks feel-good biopics, whilst also suggesting had Cheney not returned in 2000, the world could have had this happy ending.Another very funny sequence sees Cheney and his wife, Lynne (Amy Adams) in bed discussing whether or not he should accept Bush's offer, with the narrator explaining, "Sadly there is no real way to know exactly what was going on with the Cheneys at this history-changing moment. We can't just snap into a Shakespearean soliloquy that dramatises every feeling and emotion. That's just not the way the world works." This is immediately followed by Cheney and Lynne speaking in faux-Shakespearean blank verse as they work themselves up into a sexual frenzy (although technically, this is a duologue, not a soliloquy). In another scene, a waiter (Alfred Molina), reads from a menu that features various forms of Cheney-endorsed torture. After listening to their options, Cheney gleefully declares, "we'll take it all". There is also a hilarious mid-credit scene, which sees a focus group descend into chaos when a conservative calls a liberal a "libtard", prompting a mass brawl, whilst two young girls ignore it so as to speculate about the new Fast & the Furious film.For all that, however, Vice isn't a patch on The Big Short, for a number of reasons. For example, whereas in The Big Short, the self-reflexive Tristram Shandy-style narrative structure worked to the film's advantage, providing a way into the complex story, here it has the exact opposite effect, oftentimes distracting from McKay's thematic concerns, preventing the film from focusing on telling us how (and why) Cheney exploited loopholes in executive power to restructure US foreign policy.The most egregious problem is that the film fails to give any kind of psychological verisimilitude or interiority to Cheney. Presenting him in an almost robotic manner, there is very little on what drives him, depicting his various deeds without offering anything cogent in terms of his motivations. Is he simply an ideologically-weak opportunist? Is he an evil megalomaniac fuelled by a deeper purpose, and if so, what purpose, and how? Could it all really have been about power, viewing the global geopolitical sphere as his own personal playground and nothing more? And if the film is arguing this, suggesting that this man, responsible for so much pain and suffering, did it all simply because he liked power, isn't that to downplay his agency, to allow one to argue that he didn't really know how much damage he was causing? Depriving him of psychology weakens any attempt to censure his actions. The film's Cheney is ultimately unknowable, and that makes his acts more easily forgivable. The argument that it was all because of power and greed really does next-to-nothing to help explain the man. It could, I suppose, be cited as an example of the banality of evil. Except that the film's Cheney is anything but banal. In fact, he's terrifying.Cheney pressured the CIA to find non-existent links between Al-Qaeda and Saddam Hussein so as to justify an illegal invasion of Iraq. He oversaw the public relations campaign to build popular support for the war. He encouraged the torture of terror suspects all the while denying it was torture. He was responsible for the worst strategic blunder in US history, the growth of a domestic surveillance state, the dictatorialisation of the office of the President, and the deaths of 4,000 American troops and at least 100,000 Iraqi civilians. Positing him as a man who was power-mad and little else, Vice remains always on the outside, trying to listen through the wall, never managing to open the door and expose his actual inner workings. The comedy and structural experimentation make it entertaining as a film, but it tells us very little about Cheney that we didn't already know. Strip away the artifice, and you'll find it doesn't have a huge amount to say. Never attaining the scale of tragedy to which it clearly aspires, the film functions instead to remind critics of Bush's cabinet why they became critics of Bush's cabinet. In the end, rather than exposing Cheney's dark soul, the film argues that he doesn't have one. And that is a far less interesting thesis.

If you are a Democrat you will love this movie. If you are a Republican you will hate it. It's that simple.Hollywood is part of the Globalists Society. The more people there are in America, the bigger their audience is, the more profitable their movies will be.Hollywood couldn't care less about the quality of life or safety of Americans, it's only about more money for them.Thus their desire to destroy Republicans and President Trump. This movie is purely a propaganda tool.The acting was acceptable but there were times when it wondered off in strange directions. It's just an average movie. I stayed through the whole film but several people walked out.And yes, that is Tyler Perry as Colin Powell.

George W Bush and Dick Cheney did some awful stuff: used the IRS and NSA to target political enemies. Black Panther voter intimidation. Used NSA to spy on press including a wire tap on Fox News. ATF gave guns to drug cartels in Mexico. Healthcare lies with Obamacare being a weight on the neck of the economy. Arab Spring disaster. Gave Iraq to ISIS. Syrian Red Line disaster. Returned Churchill bust to the Brits. Disastrous Paris Accords and Iran Nuke deal to include giving Iran $5B for the release of hostages. Traded 5 Taliban Generals (who returned to front lines of war) for one American deserter who was court martialed. Record 94 million out of workforce. Record high welfare numbers. Double downgrade on American credit for first time in history. Gave Palestine $221M on the way out of the White House and pardoned many felons (to include violent felons) who went on to commit more felonies. WAIT .. that is all Obama. No, this movie was VICE and we saw it with a small group that ended up being just me and the wife by the time it was over because everyone else had left the theater! It is NOT a comedy. If you got Bill Maher and Whoopi and CNN to write a script that was "mostly true" and had Will Farrell and Brad Pitt produce the mess -- this is what you get. It is getting straight 6 star reviews on IMDB and RT and Metacritic. It will get awards because the acting is good. The writer and director did OTHER GUYS and BIG SHORT -- also not funny. It blames Dick for all evils with such ridiculous lies as FOX news started as a government funded idea and the first 24 hour news station (CNN was in 1980 while FOX didn't come until 1996). We bombed indiscriminately in Vietnam and Iraq - killing mostly women and children. Clinton was smart and Reagan was clueless. Condi and Powell were weak and ineffective leaders. And on and on. Really, I don't know why we stayed. Do not see this. It reeks.

Well made, good pacing, quite informative film about Dick Cheney's life. It seemed to tell the story without being judgemental. There is so much to tell that some events are quickly addressed for the sake of time, but it was important enough that it needed to be included, i.e., the hunting accident. The transformation of the actors into the characters is amazing. Highly recommend.

An oddball way of presenting the story of Dick Cheney. Odd cuts and presentation method of the story. I was thoroughly entertained. Not one moment that was slow moving. Set your politics aside for two hours and appreciate great filmmaking.

At the beginning of the movie, they say they don't know the real facts. So they say (in so many words) that they just made up their own. 95% of the dialogue is invented out of thin air. Why on Earth do you write am movie based on real people and events with so little to work with? Why? Because it is purely a liberal hack job for sheep to gobble up every word.

Adam McKay is in the midst of a career reinvigoration. Will Ferrell couldn't be further from the deadly serious satire of his newest effort Vice, a biopic charting the rise of Dick Cheney, attempting to account for the stupendous amount of power he managed to secure through shrewd. cloak and dagger bureaucratic tactics.
To play the portly and grunting Cheney, McKay has enlisted Christian Bale, who once again proves his deftness at changing his body for a role, here sporting a formidable gut. Bale is occasionally arresting as Cheney, his reserved head sways and deep throaty voice exuding a subtle magnetism that spearheads the tale, especially in a memorable fourth wall breaking scene towards the close of the film wherein he assures the audience of his moral integrity. The other main players are competent, as you'd expect from Oscar bait fare of this nature, but barely approach the degree of nuance Bale commands- Amy Adams as Lynne Cheney though proficient in her portrayal can feel slightly one note (which is more a reflection of a script which doesn't afford her very complex characterisation. Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell as Donald Rumsfeld and George W Bush, while entertaining and occasionally amusing, see the potential of great character actors somewhat squandered in favour of caricature.
This brings us to the main issue with Vice - a clumsy sense of brio with regards to tone and structure. McKay's feature is almost never boring, but no one would accuse it of subtlety or discipline, especially in comparison to McKay's far superior preceding effort The Big Short. Vice shares that film's kinetic, non-sequitur laden editing style, but is far less complimentary with the narrative at the film's core in Vice's case. The Big Short boasted an immediacy that Vice's decade spanning story can't hope to recreate, and by consequence, the insertion of absurdist humour and archival footage can compromise the actual narrative and render the film more than a little indulgent. It also seems slightly hypocritical; McKay's enthusiastic and hyperactive style is at odds with Vice's "cradle to grave" seemingly conventional biopic structure. While McKay swinging for the fences is occasionally chuckle inducing (the use of narrator in the film is inspired even if it feels laboured at times, and a scene in which the Cheneys recite Shakespearean soliloquys is deserving of recognition) it ultimately leaves Vice feeling far more scattershot and less nourishing as a narrative.
Even so, Bale's entertaining performance and McKay's sardonic and gleefully nihilistic energy behind the camera ensures Vice is at the very least constantly diverting and unpredictable.

I was able to watch this as one of my free movie selections for the week and I still wanted a refund... The obvious bias of the movie made it almost laughable to watch... Im not a Republican and have no love for Dick Cheney but this was over the top... Dont waste your money unless you want to validate your existing bias.

Thank you, Christian Bale, for reminding us of the tremendous influence Dick Cheney has had on events of the past 45 years.

This film is a real work of art and unlike others that you will have seen in 2018. I recommend seeing it despite your party line and view it for the unique bit of film making that it is. Kudos to whomever edited this. A star studded cast, not a weak link in the bunch! Worthy of awards.

You might like this if you're an extreme liberal. If you're just a liberal, or a centrist, or conservative of any kind, you will probably not enjoy this movie. I walked out and described this as "Michael Moore's more liberal brother must have made this movie." I wouldn't like this kind of movie in any month or season of the year, but the fact we chose this as our family Christmas movie this year and all 6 of us (which includes a wide variety on the political spectrum) walked out and thought it was completely terrible makes the experience even worse. It's too bad too, because I'm a big Amy Adams fan. We also think highly of Bale and Carell.

There are plenty of reasons for everyone to despise Dick Cheney. This movie covers this well and gets its main message across.That said, they made the movie unnecessarily polarizing by adding political spin. For example, the movie promotes the lie that people are working more and earning less (economic data prove the opposite is true). They also attack Fox News, the Koch brothers, and right wing think tanks.In so doing, they conflate libertarians and conservatives as well as philanthropists with special interests. For example, Grover Norqiost is a conservative special interest. The Koch's are libertarian philanthropists. Heritage is a pro trump conservative think tank. Cato is an anti trump libertarian think tank.They could've stayed factual and it would be a better movie. The spin ruins it.There are also several exaggerations which are non political and also make the movie less factual and more absurd.

National Lampoon's take on Dick Cheney without any of the funny stuff.
If you paid to watch this you got screwed - and remember "time is money".

Terrible waste of a good subject. An enigmatic character at the heart of one of the most controversial American eras. Yet instead of a deep character drama we get a documentary littered with the dreaded voice-overs which explain everything rather than SHOW it, and interrupted by constant irrelevant video clips. Proves yet again the inadvisability of having a writer/director with no-one to give an objective editor's opinion.

This was very well done, very similar to the Big Short. Looking at the actions of a republican, there were many moments where the liberal agenda was noticeable and makes you second guess if what happened was even remotely close to what they showed.

Must say that director Adam McKay has made a wonderful and super film in "Vice" as it really is a good bio type doc on former Vice President Dick Cheney. Plus the performance from Christian Bale is spot on he looks, acts, and talks, just like the real Dick!(he reportedly gained 40 pounds to play the part! And hand Bale a best actor golden globe and Oscar!) It begins so unlikely that this under performing and common Wyoming cowboy guy who loves the bottle and beer will make it anywhere. As after flunking out of an Ivy league college Dick appears down in the dumps. Yet his rock and stone wife Lynne(in a blunt and elegant turn from Amy Adams) advises him to shape up or ship out and change his ways.It's upon a congressional internship that Dick's meeting and making a connection with Donald Rumsfeld(Steve Carell) changes his life forever. Soon and later Dick's connections in Washington get him somewhere as he becomes a chief of staff to the president, runs and gets elected to congress, then serves as secretary of defense, then he's the CEO of a large corporate business company. Now talk about a lucky man!However old Dick has his problems and is from time to time behind the 8 ball as he's overweight with a pot belly and his ticker is not the greatest as heart problems almost derail his life and career. Plus his youngest daughter is gay. Yet by being an insider with connections Cheney stays the course as his biggest gift and surprise awaits. Now what!? Yes Dick is named vice president a running mate on the ticket of George W. Bush(in a life like performance from Sam Rockwell). And in a close razor thin 2000 presidential election Bush-Cheney win! Now he's the VP!Now with unlimited access and connections of corporate and business dealings it's back room and under the table deals that let Dick's power grow to unseen levels. As it's clear that Cheney though second in charge pushed all of the major buttons in the Bush administration. As his advice and inner workings played a key role in the Iraq war which seem to be driven by money and greed and oil along with ego and a power trip.Overall super film for any who enjoy bio type movies about politics and history no matter what your political side, and no matter if you where a fan of Cheney or not like him or hate him, see this film as it shows how one man gained unlimited power thru access of connections. As it's clear Dick Cheney was clearly the most powerful Vice president of our time who was tough as stone and ruthless.

The only reason that this movie was made is to slander the Republican party and the Bush administration. Full of idiotic "jokes" and false information in the narrative. I was not surprised that this movie won a golden globe.

Other than the acting, it was horrible. I couldn't make it to the end, although I did get close. If you are willing to believe the 'facts' in this movie, Dick Cheney was a college dropout, alcoholic, no account hick from Wyoming that somehow was smart enough to fool an entire political party into letting him rule the world through shadowy dictatorship. You would believe Cheney orchestrated 9/11 and let people die in the towers by refusing to send helicopters to rescue them. (As if that were possible) It sounds earily like Benghazi and Obama/Clinton refusing to send help when Ambassador Stevens actually needed it. Honestly, if he were so drunk on power, he would have ran for president in 2008. This movie was typical revisionist history by some left-wing Hollywood types. Boring, tired, and make believe.

. . . which, if you stay until beyond the end credits must make me either an ignorant Conservative or a clueless Millennial, take your pick. At least I did stay until the end which is more than I can say for the couple next to us who left mid-way through. Its pretty simple-if you are liberal you will ignore the way McKay plays fast and loose with facts and blames Cheney for everything from the start of ISIS to global warming and you will love this movie. If you are conservative you will ignore the fine acting and hate this movie. If you are a Millennial you'll leave scratching your head and go see Fast and Furious.

I saw this at an SFFILM sneak preview with McKay in person to answer questions. Very funny film with some wild unexpected moments and some moments that put our current governmental crisis into context. Highly recommend this film, especially if you remember the Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld gang. In case you've forgotten, this film will bring it all back....

I get that Hollywood slants very very left but this was over the top. Christian Bale actually did a good job as Cheney but the movie was garbage. I was very disappointed because the previews looked really good. The sad part is that many people will believe most of this movie to be factual but when it boils down to it that most of it is speculation and opinion...beating you over the head...time and time again...

We find the same sense of disillusioned humor as in the excellent The Big Short: the US are obviously the country of all the opportunities, even (especially ?) if you are unscrupulous and ruthlessly ambitious. The trio Christian Bale, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell is awesome !

Folks don't waste your money on this one. If you have to see it wait for the dvd. Boring slow story, artistic editing flow that makes no sense and really bad acting by a lot of actors. The lady next to me slept through half the movie. When it was over folks just quietly walked out like what did I just watch. You did not hear " WOW, what a great movie." No where near as good as the "Big Short" and I loved that one. Go see "Green Book" that is a great movie.

Even as a democrat it was repulsive how biased this movie was. It tries to frame the republican administration as a bunch of borderline criminals. It seems the true goal of this movie was to serve ass a propaganda piece in an already [politcally polarized America.

Very disappointing. Two and a half hours of extreme left wing political and social propaganda.

This film is nothing more than Hollywood liberal propaganda posing as fact.

I'm no fan of Bush or Cheney, but really? And Hollywood continues to wonder why they can't connect with middle America? The hatred is on full display masquerading as entertainment.I will give credit to Christian Bale though. A good actor is a good actor no matter the tripe they are regurgitating. I'd prefer some that was at least humorous in it's ridiculousness.

First and foremost, the movie as a movie itself was decent probably around a 5 star rating. The directing was sub-par and very choppy but the acting was superb. Steve, Christian, and Amy, all put out very good performances.But because this movie claims to be historically accurate and a "true story" and fails to deliver anything but false claims and fabricated lies, it's painfully inaccurate. If you want to see a liberal propaganda piece, this is the movie for you. If you want to see an accurate portrayal of what actually happened, this is as far from that as you can possibly get.

People were walking out and I almost followed. Good performances are not enough. I kept checking my watch. It is policitally biased. I got ripped off. It was edited like a Michael Moore movie with freeze frame cuts, titles and voice over.

Sucked right out of imaginary world of liberal interpretation of revisionist history, and passed as though, it's a true story. So blatant, not even able to hide the agenda driven narrative.
Cheney/Busch, not my favorite pair, by far, but damn so much hate in this one, to the point of blinding the producers of the film. They forgot how to actually shoot an enjoyable movie.
Cheney, eveeeeel, blah blah blah... shouldve made it at least fun to watch, not cringy as it is. Speaking of evil, I guess movie about Soros is in the making 🤣!

This is a propaganda movie. No other way around it. I give it three stars because of great acting but it is full of half truths and hate for Republicans. Typical Hollywood behavior.

I wish Hollywood would make films without an agenda. You don't have to be a fan of Cheney or Bush, but at least be fair.

Don't waste your time! With great actors you would think this would be a good flic. This movie is a great example of what's wrong with our country today. Hollywood continues to try to influence. Both my wife and I went to sleep it was so stupid.

This movie was excellent and if it wasn't for a weird Shakespeare scene (I knew what he was trying to do but it just took me out of it) I probably would have given it a 10. It was profoundly interesting and well executed and masterfully acted. It was also quite funny in a subtle way.I was sucked right in and the pacing was perfect. It was a long movie but I wanted more.I kept close track of the Bush administrations crimes and this was a soft version of the horrible stuff they pulled off and I love that Adam McKay was fair in showing that Hillary was pushing for the Iraq war as well.Politics (on BOTH sides) is nothing more than professional wrestling, our government is run by corporations and the the just disgusting criminality of it all is just so blatant.But you do not even have to care about politics to love this movie. It is just good. Adam McKay just showed us that he has another level to his awesomeness and it is decent!.

This is straight up propaganda. This was worse than Dinesh D'souza's psuedo documentary films.This was not only presentes history with an obvious conclusion in mind, the haughty and condescending way the audience is spoken to, quite literally telling them how to feel about certain events in the story.They had a real good opportunity to understand the nuances of an obviously complicated character. Instead Mckay reduced Cheney to the simplest form possible and made him a very dull, static character that goes through very little change as a person.This was bad history not because they failed to present the audience with factual events, but rather through the obfuscation of other events that might make certain scenes and occurances seem less nefarious.This was bad story telling because they employ every cliché story telling trick in the book. Breaking the 4th wall. Using shakespeare to make comparisons. At one point a dialogue with Cheney and Bush was interlaced with a fly fishing scene to make the point that Cheney was only baiting Bush for giving the Vice President more power.This is an offensive film if you're a republican. Or reduces every single republican to the simplest terms as either a power hungry jerk or quite literally, a football jersey wearing blockhead who gets angry and aggresive at intellectual confrontation. Because that's what bumpkin republicans are right?If you're a liberal it will give you a bad case of confirmation bias. You might walk out of the theater thinking, "I knew the Bush administration was bad I just didn't know it was THAT bad."At the end of the day, a film about Dick Cheney never included actual footage of the man actually speaking. They have that with Reagan, Obama, Clinton, McConnel, but the real Cheney is not even allowed a peep. D'Souza at least lets his subjects in his film a chance to have their own words being used against them.

Vice is a modern masterpiece. It is the incendiary, insightful, informative, incisive, and illuminating movie of our times. I am struggling to summarize how I feel about this profound polemic that is educational and essential viewing for everyone. It is sad and disturbing that certain biased people are trying to malign this movie over a misguided agenda and I know the smear campaign is substantial. The film's controversial and unsettling essence is rooted in truth. It is a metacritical analysis/interpretation of the past, indictment of the present, and a cautionary tale for the future. We do get a comprehensive dissection of a megalomaniac's exploitation of the unitary executive theory.The writing is exceptional and this film defies categorization. It is just as much as a tragedy, horror story, drama, than it is a dark comedy. Christian Bale blew me away. He is phenomenal in this role. Amy Adams gives a nuanced, extraordinary, and strong performance. The entire ensemble is impressive which includes Steve Carell, Sam Rockwell, and Tyler Perry. This film has more substance, intelligence, complexity, depth, and value than the majority of the other highly critically acclaimed movies this year. This movie deserves Oscar nominations across the board from editing to original score to cinematography. It is a landmark film that is a brilliant companion piece to The Big Short.

Where to begin... the poor acting, the bland dialog, so many "facts" that are completely wrong...if you want something to watch to put you to bed, this is for you.

Top cast the Big Short of 2018. This moment Chenny "recieved" the 9/11 news, Bale channeled a certain look any one with suspicion about that whole thing went down will not miss.

It is not a good sign when the opening credits are directed with more skill than the feature. A great talent pool is utterly wasted in this mishmash of non-comedy skits. Amy Adams seems to rise above it all, but for the rest, great impersonations are about as much as you get here. And what is with that narration? Horrible, just horrible.

Great acting, make up. Unidirectional point of view, as expected

I liked it. I thought the movie was well done and I do like most of the actors. The mannerism for Cheney were spot on. Sam Rockwell made a very good W, and Carrel was a decent Rumsfeld.I do like watching movies like this, however, I don't like to pay for them. I don't like lining the pockets of the ultra liberal. I had a weak moment because some of my family and I were up to see a movie and we decided on this one.To say "Vice" is slanted to the left is an understatement. There are so many unknown circumstances where the writer / director puts his opinion its not worth going over them.So, if you are a conservative I think it would be best to wait until you can check the movie out from a library.

Christian bale is awesome! The story line is strong .. film can be dark at times.

This movie is living off the flames of the anti-conservative movement. If you
currently dislike Trump, republicans, the Bush family, and the wealthy then you will enjoy this movie. Bale is truly remarkable and his dedication to his art is legendary. He is flanked by excellent performances of Carrell and Adams. The acting is why I gave 5 stars. The topic of the movie is weak and one sided and can be confusing with the unusual editing. Everything comes into focus when you analyze who made the movie, produced it and acted in it.
It's clearly anti Republican and they even offer up sad, cliched satirical moments pointing this out. As if that was even necessary.

Great acting, stacked cast and a great portrayal of history

This great and wonderfully creative film just HAS to be nominated for:
1. Best Picture - Drama
2. Best Lead Actor (Christian Bale)
3. Best DirectorIt was an absolutely thorough, thoughtful, and just ASTOUNDING history lesson of a time that sent this nation off-the-rails, in some part leading to the train-wreck that is the current administration.YES, Red-Staters will hate it just as Blue-Staters will love it...which is to be expected, considering how deeply polarized this nation has become.But, whether liberal or conservative, few can deny that the film is astoundingly creative and that Bale, always good, here is GREAT.

If you are a liberal that prioritizes feel-good jabs at the expense of the truth, this one is for you. Gross exaggerations abound. At one point they show Cheney dreaming of blowing up innocent Cambodia women and children. All the Republicans are simple minded, sexist, power hungry, anti environment, irresponsible, reckless, intoxicated, on and on. This film doesn't just lean left, it falls over.

My father uses his Facebook feed almost exclusively to irritate his Christian conservative relatives about Donald Trump. He posts every single meme that comes his way as long as it shows Trump making a stink face above some sarcastic comment about what a goon he is. He never links to any kind of reasoned, articulate article full of facts and logical argument. There are plenty out there that he could use to deride Trump, but it's easier to forward some facile, childish message instead.I agree in sentiment with everything my father posts, but I'm considering blocking him because I'm sick and tired of post after post after post about how awful Trump is. I KNOW how awful Trump is, and I don't need a daily reminder (I have Trump himself as my daily reminder), especially when nothing new is being said."Vice" is like the movie equivalent of my father's Facebook feed. I pretty much loathed Dick Cheney and Bush's entire administration when they were in office, so you'd think I would be the perfect audience for this movie, which is pretty much a two-hour smear campaign of Cheney and his associates. But instead, I found myself annoyed beyond measure by Adam McKay's obnoxious movie, which recreates the feeling of being trapped in a room with someone the day after the person he voted for didn't win the presidential election.Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Sam Rockwell and the rest of the cast try valiantly to do something with the material they are given, but they get buried in a mound of McKay petulance. This is a film without nuance, without subtlety, and without any real interest in exploring the dynamics of Cheney the man or of the Bush White House. This is a film where a character we're supposed to hate says something evil, and the camera cuts to a group of his cronies literally cackling like a cabal of witches. At the end, an alarmist montage seems to be implying that Cheney is single-handedly responsible for every bad thing happening today on Earth. Terrorism? Cheney's fault. Tsunamis? Cheney's fault. Indigestion? Cheney's fault. Let's not give the man too much credit, ok?And one of McKay's worst decisions is to have the film narrated by the man who served as Cheney's heart donor. This man, who speaks directly to the camera in one of McKay's most annoying directorial tics, apologizes to us for keeping Cheney alive. I hope that man's family doesn't see this movie, because that tacky and insensitive sentiment is a slap in the face to them and the loved one they're probably grieving for.Mostly, "Vice" is hopelessly irrelevant, despite McKay's determination to make us believe that Cheney is a demon from Hell hovering over all of us and planning our painful deaths. Why do we get a movie about this now? I lived through this, and guess what?.....I've moved on to being outraged by a whole new administration, one that's much worse. I never thought I'd be saying this but I'd welcome back Bush and his cronies as a substitute for what we've got now.I'm flabbergasted that this movie keeps getting so much serious awards attention. I have to believe it's only because its tone of liberal outrage resonates with Hollywood.Grade: D

This movie is very clearly directed by Adam McKay and in some ways that's a good thing, in other ways it drags the film down. The styling of the first half feels like it's trying to overcompensate for the fact that the storyline that everyone knows and was shown in the trailer doesn't happen until about an hour in. The events are interesting and help establish who he is but too much feels like padding. McKay's comedy doesn't quite land, the most prominent examples being the fake end credits and the Shakespeare style speeches.Then they get to him becoming vice president and the film takes off. The issues of the first half are quickly forgotten as the excellent acting finally has a worthy story. It's complex, fascinating and well written. The narration is more fitting, and the style that McKay has is used to better effect. Most importantly, this half has a story to tell.Overall, this film has some glaring issues but almost all of them are in the first half. The second half is one of the best I've seen all year and make the film worth watching.A choppy first half is saved by excellent acting and a great second half. I highly recommend it.

This movie is terrible! The acting was bad and I can't think of anything good about it.

This movie just didn't sit right with me. It was propaganda. It was a mean-spirited, personal movie about former Vice President Dick Cheney. The symbolism, metaphors, whatever, were so blatant and cheap, it seemed like amateur film making. Not a single thing bad is ever said or implied about any of the Democrats in the movie. Every Republican is portrayed as dumb or sinister. I love this director, but this was not his finest hour. He needs to be reined in for his next film and get back to business. I mean, so much of this movie really needed a second opinion because of all the randomly inserted clips that seemed to be nothing more than cheap shots. Worse yet, having grown up around the nineties and early 2000s, there's so much that the director/writer missed out on that ran up to the Iraq War and War on Terror. If you watched CNN and The History Channel, most of the programming during the day was devoted to Saddam and Osama Bin Laden. That's not a coincidence. This was in the planning for decades. Also, you could look at the map and see what the ultimate goal was in the War on Terror. Dick Cheney would have a good laugh at the Adam McKay for totally missing the forest from the trees. I mean, Hollywood did make a number of anti-Persian movies in the first decade or so of the 2000s including Troy, 300 and Argo. So much attention was paid to focus groups and how they supposedly manipulate public opinion but none towards the clear connection between the entertainment industry and the government's objectives? How do you overlook that?It would be one thing to make a movie like this about Republicans, but don't give the Democrats a total pass on everything. That completely ruins your credibility and objectivity. They are every bit as ruthless. Thankfully, I've seen both sides and will not let a movie like this influence me, but others didn't have that luxury like I did.

This movie will not disappoint. No matter what side of the fence you're on, the acting, writing and execution is so perfect that you will want to see it again. Enjoy.

This is liberal propaganda. The film is incorrectly categorized as historical when it should be in the satire genre. Although such despicable character assassination is hardly comedy. SNL. Waste of time.

Interesting to a point but the left wing bias ruins the entire film shouldn't documentaries be fully truthful and not political hatchet jobs?

If you want to watch a clever film about US politics, this is not it. Sure it was a bit different and I watched it to the end and learned a lot I didn't know about Cheney, but this is the first film I have ever watched where I put my hands over my eyes and shook my head saying "wtf" has this got to do with entertaining me or telling this story. I give it a 3 for film-making, a 6 for story-telling, and a 2 for entertainment at any level. There was one clever scene in the restaurant with the menu, but that was it. Find a documentary on the subject if you want to learn about Cheney.

Christian Bale is excellent, but the movie itself quite bad in my opinion. This movie really disappointed me and I can't quite put my finger on why. I think it mostly has to do with the disparate styles and cuts and flashback and fast-forwards, those things took me out of the movie.

I've never felt more joy or sadness watching a film. It's well written, acted, and directed. It's visual metaphors and motifs are chilling. In my opinion, it's possibly the most important film of my generation. Absolutely loved it, even though it was gut wrenching.

The gripes I've read about it being too Liberal and too unconventional with the editing I find respectively surprising and not so.
I'm not sure you can criticise a movie for being too Liberal when the movie clearly criticises itself for being too Liberal. It wears its heart on its sleeve.
If I described this film as a work of art and said that beauty is in the eye of the beholder then I think the film speaks fairly of Cheney. Cheney is provided a monologue directly into the camera toward the end that justifies what he did in his own mind. There would surely be those in the audience that, like Cheney - without making a big fuss, saw no issue with a man dealing harshly with a harsh world. These folk would appreciate that Cheney saw himself as a man carrying out his duty. MINOR SPOILER: The chap who fell from the electrical pole and busted his leg badly gets no less sympathy from Cheney than any other member of the work crew. That didn't paint Cheney out to be particularly mean-spirited but instead a realist. END SPOILER.
The comedic elements in the movie was a director's choice based on the saying, "If you didn't laugh you'd cry." It was a choice to make either a terribly serious movie or to make a film that reflects how ridiculous reality is at times. I mean, Trump, love him or hate him, has made the presentation of the role of POTUS something you could only dream up in a film, yet it is 100% real. The ridiculous things that happened under Cheney and Bush as per the film are no less incredulous than the downfall of Bill Clinton. What made life exceptionally bizarre during the Bush Jr era were the nightmarish attacks on the World Trade Center (and Pentagon). That event itself was so unthinkable yet it did occur in reality. How does one deal with that? I mean, really??
If an entire nation could suffer from PTSD from a single event, that would be it.
I'm endeavouring to not be Liberal or Conservative in my reviewing this movie but I'm certain everyone reading this review will think I'm leaning too much one way.
To summarise, I believe Adam McKay was trying to create a piece of art that would let the audience decide right from wrong should they feel such a compulsion.
The fact that the movie has dark humour and surreal elements is only a reflection of the director's way of processing the fantastical events in the narrative. The saying 'You wouldn't believe it if it weren't true' comes to mind.
If Cheney were to make a movie about himself would it be different? Hell, yeah. It would more clearly spell out in his own mind why he did such things. From my perspective, Cheney's motivations were clear and they were hardly original.
Top performances all round although Bale was bordering on 'mannered' and Carrell needed a more fully written character.
Worth seeing on the big screen.

This is one of the biggest propaganda movies I've ever seen. They portray Cheney as a hero. A man who cares about the people. A man with a vice for drinking and fighting but it doesn't stop him from serving the people! Worst movie ever! Worst casting. I've always been told the sign of a bad story telling director is to use tooooooooooooooo much narration. I guess if you can't show the story then just have someone read the narrative over the every scene. 100% Nazi Germany like propaganda. Absolutely not a true story. Plus look at the propaganda movies from Hollywood this year : Pope Francis - A man of his word and RBG - about Ruth Bader Ginsberg and it's hard not to think we are in 1940s Germany...being told who is good and who is bad. Worst movie ever. Pure garbage.

Exaggerated views of a liberal. Don't waste your money if you actually pay attention to politics, treats audience like we are stupid. 1/10

This film is a satire on the american political and justice systems. It takes a stance on showing the audience shocking decisions made by the men in power and then showing the repercussions of said decisions. There are also multiple visual metaphors, which makes the movie a treat for active vewers who like to analyse what they see! The humour is also very interesting, because the first frame of the film sets its tone as a very sarcastic and sometimes dark film. So maybe its a comedy? I still cant peice that out.

Without spoiling what I'm talking about, I really enjoyed the unique approach they took with the narration, the Shakespearean scene, and the way you are trolled as the viewer.My only complaint is that I wish they had shown/explained how Dick Cheney became CEO of Haliburton. They only mention it and completely skip over it. It seems a vital part of his corrupt behavior, so I think it was an important piece to have been omitted.Other than that, fantastic acting and story telling. I loved it.

The acting was solid, the story was all over the place, the writing was average at best, and the direction was garbage. If you're going to make another version of "The Big Short," do it with some competence. I would say, don't waste your time with this, it is pure political bias backed with very few facts.

Puts a lot of verifiable information in context for your review. This explains how deeply out of line the Presidency of GWB was. We voted for one man and got another. Ultimately, it led to our present situation.

Great actors and amazing portrayal of VP Cheney by Christian Bale. The political leanings of the writing is nauseating and quite liberal. It's extremely evident when footage of Obama is shown with heroic music in the background - the messiah has finally come and has taken the highest office of the land to save us!

I was expecting something more like The Big Short, but it ended up being a politically charged movie where politicians are shown in a cartoonish way making decisions that had enormous consequences as if they were choosing a dish from a menu.
I was expecting more of this than just another 'how bad the republicans are-and how good the democrats are' movie. I'm neither democrat or republican but this is a clearly one sided view of the events.

I hope people don't get their history lessons from movies. This one in particular starts by saying 'based on a true story' then goes on about how they just did the best they can negating any real truth (legally speaking). This is a poorly done movie in almost all ways hence my rating.

I loved "The Big Short" film by same director, but similar tactics using humor as cut-ins and narration failed to meet that standard. Way too long, and way too heavy-handed in making every scene an indictment of Dick Cheney as villain extraordinaire who singlehandedly and intentionally connived with his cohort to start the Iraq war. Anyone with a brain who lived through 9/11 and the aftermath knows it was much more complex than that. If this film attempted to show the multi-faceted situation, including poor intelligence by government agencies, majority of Congress voting "yes" to get rid of Sadam Hussein and start a war, and unbridled emotional response to an unexpected and devastating attack, this would have been a more factual film that the audience could get involved in. It could have been a great movie, rather than a biased, politically motivated exercise that used a hammer to blame rather than to learn and understand. Slides were used toward the end to put the nail in the coffin in case the audience missed the point, and became more propaganda than involving cinema. That said, actors were very good, especially Amy Adams as Lynne Cheney, who was a far more interesting person than I ever knew...would have been great to focus more on her family background and achievements...Steve Carrell as Donald Rumsfeld...and Christian Bale as Dick Cheney, who was good, but sometimes seemed to be involved with creating the character than being the character.

This movie is every Democrats wet dream if only you believe it. The performances were comedic and the messages a total joke. The heros were a bumbling general and a failed president. Total BS.

Great acting! However, if you are conservative or even moderate, you will not like this movie. Ridiculous cuts to wild animals (predators), in order to illustrate the heart and mind of a man, failed miserably. What?! It only reminded me that I was watching a partisan portrayal of untruth using extreme hatred that is too common in our society today.

A fun ride through the mysterious life of Dick Cheney. Directed with the short attention span of the YouTube generation in mind.

Each of the characters was unlikeable. Not a single virtue to be found in any of the characters or the movie itself. I think a more balanced view to character development would have improved the movie. Far too one-sided.

Dull-witted and disappointing. It was like being chained to recent late-night television without a mute button. Christian Bale got fat and learned to grunt and snarl. Predictable and slow. That's pretty much it.

The storyline gets muddled by too much attempted commentary. Feels like a political piece rather than entertainment. Wait for HBO or RedBox. Save the big screen for a better movie.

Not sure after watching this if it is a comedy or a drama/biorgraphy. The make up is terrible, just not realistic. It really seems like whoever created thiis film is really anti Bush and Cheney. It just made the main characters seem like idiots. Will definately recomend this to anyone nor will I ever consider watching again. I really had high hopes for this one

Just back from seeing VICE with a couple of friends.
Viewed at Cinestar multiplex, Berlin.
This is not a review but just some immediate reactions.
In short, over long, drawn out, discombobulated, baloney.
Really boring because the people described in it are all boring from the top down and what they have to say sounds like a college term paper being recited. Extremely uninteresting. Full of gimmicks like pretending to end the picture in the middle and running some final credits at that point. Or showing repeated closeups of a beating human heart that looks like a pile of raw liver. to underline the fact that the hero is undergoing a heart transplant. Pseudo documentary style with dates and description of events written on screen every ten minutes. But these inter-titles are more confusing than enlightening because the entire sequencing of the film is so jumbled and messy.The whole film with ragged time toggling back and forth is very confused, even when you are familiar with the events and the order in which they actually occurred. In Sum: I would have walked out halfway through if I hadn't been with friends. The private bedroom and bathroom life of the central couple, Amy Adams and Christian Bale, is more sickening than revealing of their private intimacy. Both are shown in badly lit full screen facial closeups over and over which emphasizes only their dullness. Almost the only memorable scene is when Bale does a full throat gargle with mouthwash in the bathroom while chatting with his wife. Arguably his most lively scene in the entire flick. This is supposed to be about a Vice president, Dick Cheney, who was so powerful that he relegated the president, George W. Bush, to the background in the wake of 9/11 when we are to believe that he took charge and plunged us into a series of dead-end wars. None of this potential power comes across from Bale's limp performance. He emanates weakness, not strength. The characters mulling around in the white house and other government offices got to be so dull that after a while it was a gigantic relief to see Richard Nixon in two brief closeups. His withdrawal from office speech on TV following Watergate actually brought the picture to life for a few seconds, which isn't saying much. One plus. Every scene that Sam Rockwell was in playing president George Bush was more or less watchable. The facial similarity was there and Rockwell played rings around Bale every time he was on. All in all an overweaning pretentious muddled mess that made me heave a sigh of relief when it finally did end after several phoney half baked endings. Much is made of Cheney's life long hobby of angle fishing and at the end we see a rather pretty sequence of colorful angling hooks and flies as if this were the secret key to Cheney's entire personality, like the Rosebud sled at the end of Citizen Kane. But Citizen Cheney is at least a light year away from Kane.
image1.jpegimage2.jpeg

An slow, slog with over the top, intrusive narration and artistic pictures of evil images dispersed throughout to let the viewer know that this movie is about evil, evil, evil Republicans. Ineffective to anyone with a brain and beloved only by the most liberal of liberals. And I'm a democrat.Three stars for the amazing acting and recreation of the personalities, especially Rockwell and Bale. Carell seemed slightly miscast. And the sledgehammer narration to villainize Chaney, Rumsfeld and Bush were so heavy handed to be embarrassing. The 8-10 star ratings of people who said they enjoyed this slog of a film are the kind of giddy, ultra liberal children who rant endlessly about Trump about things everyone has heard 1000 times are the people who voted this film up.Instead of just being a sit back documentary, this film enters its own absurd narration and evil images - yes, like pages from the text of a satanic book being shown as "subliminal" messages of the evil that lurks within these men because you couldn't figure out who and what they were by just watching and listening to the film.

I will say this movie had descent acting, but basically was just a very liberal view by Hollywood making out republicans to be stupid and terrible and the cause to every possible problem the US has at certain points. On top of that when bale thanked the devil at the awards and made other remarks against Cheney and other Republicans it really turned me off to him, and he had been one of my favorite actors.

This movie had some great talent, from writer of script, to actors, the director, still felt a bi nervous considering they were all leaning politically to the left of the man being portrayed, then I saw how much it was being praised, how Bale was nominated for a golden globe, so I decided to go see it.Unfortunately it did not hit me that the praise was from agencies leaning to the left. I was hoping to see an honest depiction of Chaney and what happened during that administration.I expected it a bit brutal, considering the man, and how controversial he was, but this movie is slanted so far to one side, that it was hard to enjoy pretty good acting from most of the cast, but instead it being such an obviously, and blatantly made hack job, instead of a story (good and bad) of the peron it is portraying.If you want a movie that makes fun at pretty much everyone on the Bush administration, then you will love it, if you want a factual movie, that gives the actual facts, without the biased tampering of facts, then stay away from this movie.I which both sides would stop the making of movies attacking political figures at the expense of truthfulness.I also noticed something, though I am not normally very political, I noticed Clint Eastwood (who was always being nominated for golden globes) did not get a nomination, yet Chritian Bale did with a performance not a good as Eastwood...Since Clint attacked Obama, Hollywood has all of a sudden stopped treating him like royalty, While Bale who has not been nominated for anything of substance for a while, got one the moment he took on a part of movie making fun of the right.

I watched this only bcuz of christian bale but It was waste of time and money . And not else . If you care about your daily plan and your time dont waste it to watch this.

This film is a work of art. It skillfully weaves the pieces of Cheney's life into a cohesive narrative. Regardless of one's political leanings, and mine are admittedly not similar to his, it is obvious that the concentration of power with one person or a small group of people is extremely ill-advised. The writing and performances were stellar. Bale is a master of his craft and Adams, Carell and Rockwell are all fantastic. I also loved the masterful editing.

My personal opinion is that liberals will love it conservatives not so much. The ending is particularly obnoxious...the movie is long and you feel it.. all that being said...I think it should be viewed..just not at the box office.

Anyone familiar with how writer-director Adam McKay presented the complexities of the 2008 market crash and mortgage crisis in The Big Short will go into McKay's new film about former U.S. vice president Dick Cheney knowing it will include some "unconventional" storytelling. Sure enough, Vice takes a few eccentric turns.There's the faux end credits that are maybe an hour in, for instance. And the digression into Shakespearean dialogue at another point. Not to mention a completely made-up scene that serves to illustrate the idea that the young Cheney could make ridiculous suggestions and be taken seriously. All of those components of Vice are welcome light spots in a film about a political operative who could kindly be described as controversial for his role in foreign policy moves that ultimately resulted in maybe a million deaths, maybe more.Christian Bale and Amy Adams shine in this mostly dark satire on the career of Richard Bruce Cheney. Bale put on considerable weight for the role and (once again) presents a master class in submersive method acting. Adams portrays Liz Cheney, Dick's wife, beautifully as a smart and assertive woman who pushed her husband to make something of himself. The supporting cast includes Sam Rockwell ably playing George W. Bush and Canadian/U.S. cinema treasure Alison Pill as the Cheneys' lesbian daughter.I loved this film and highly recommend it.

It's not about telling a story, It's about making a poor simplistic critic like... "bush is bad, the vice is bad, the republican party is bad, fox news is bad, the big companies are bad" and that's It. That's the message.
You see, Im Brazilian... I don't know everything abou american politics, but I can assure you that politics are much more than good vs. evil. There are no monsters out there, just people making decisions and having conflicts of interests. The portrait of chaney presented seems much more like a supervillain from the american comics than a real person.
The story is not even funny, people weren't laughing and the editing is totally bizarre. I think a movie needs characters with more depth and complexity. The story is childish, "evil guy meeting with evil guys, doind evil stuff" It becomes totally predictable.

I made it 1.5 hours through this before falling asleep. Bad direction and really bad dialog. One of the biggest messes I have seen in a long time. Gotti is actually more enjoyable and that's saying a lot.

I was hoping that Vice would have the humor and historical integrity (at least to a degree) that The Big Short possessed. Unfortunately it fell short.Positively, the acting, particularly Christian Bale's portrayal of Dick and Amy Adams of Lynne, was superb.However, Vice is trite and overblown. As The Atlantic review captures it: "The (invented) dialogue between the principal characters less resembles how conservatives actually talk than how liberals sometimes like to imagine they do, full of malice and disdain."To be sure, Cheney is an enigmatic character who took strange turns and also did damage internationally. But there were many alleged conversations that made things look bad which have no genuine historic confirmation.And particularly McKay's take on the 80's and the Reagan era, especially the rationale he gives regarding taxation, is nonsense. It fits Trump but not Reagan. It's almost as if he were labeling Reagan another Trump. Reagan has his issues but he's far removed both personally and ideologically from Trump. McKay's lack of nuanced understanding of the conservative movement in the past makes this film fall big(time) short and crash.Finally, in a world in which Donald Trump constantly cries "Fake News," creating an epistemological quagmire in the public and political arena, this film with its shallow and blatantly false takes at times only plays into the hands of Trumpian Propaganda and does little more than add another brick in the wall of the great divide between liberal and conservative in America.Perhaps McKay would have done better had he stuck either to humor alone or to enlist a quality historian as he did in The Big Short. He did not.So unfortunate.

By an strange coincidence, the morning after seeing this film, I heard on BBC Radio 4 a snippet of the farewell speech of President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1961. I thought there was no sound-bite summed up the film better than this: "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist"."Vice" tells the 'true story' - well... they 'tried their ****ing best' (LOL) - of the quiet man behind the throne, Dick Cheney (Christian Bale). Featuring flash-backs and flash-forwards at random, we trace the career of the Wyoming Yale drop-out from the early 60's through to his rise to power and then his graceful retirement, where he went on to run 'Iron Man' races and breed award-winning Golden Retrievers. (Important note: If you are a character that bolts for the door at the first sight of an end-title.... resist!).It's a film about infuriating Republicans (n) and a film that's no doubt infuriating (v) many Republicans. Other than an infamous hunting incident I knew nothing about Cheney.... and, to be honest, I'm still not sure I'm much the wiser. For this is a film by Adam McKay, who made "The Big Short" and the 'facts' presented to you by the narrative - in the same manner as the 'facts' presented in Michael Moore's documentaries - perhaps need to be taken with more than a little pinch of salt. (I did see an interview though where McKay said that all his "facts" had been "fact-checked". But this might be fake news!)It begs the question with me as to whether the film has been funded as a pro-Democratic piece of mischief. By the way, there is a nice 'mid-credit' scene mocking the "liberal-bias" in the film that is worth staying for.If you remember "The Big Short" then you will no doubt remember McKay's anarchic film-making style. This is very like that film, but without all of the celebrity pieces to camera (and I personally missed Margot Robbie in that bubble bath). This mockumentary style is, in the main, wildly entertaining but occasionally crosses over the line into 'rather annoying' territory. In trying hard to make an entertaining biopic about someone who, in many ways, was a pretty dull and grey politician, McKay occasionally goes over-the-top and the script become pretentious. (A Shakespearean sonnet was one such moment for me).There are some absolutely jaw-dropping assertions made by the film that - if I was an American - would make this a squirm-inducing movie to watch. The picture paints a dark and disturbing picture. If I had a parent or spouse that lost their life to the Iraq war in pursuit of those imaginary 'Weapons of Mass Destruction", I would be distraught by the movie's assertions. Is this historical fact? It seems truly unbelievable and downright criminal if so.Christian Bale justly deserves award-nominations for his portrayal of Cheney. The man is an acting-machine and the physical transformation from the young stocky 60's lineman to the stooped and overweight elderly gent is staggering.
Supporting Bale is a strong supporting cast, led by Amy Adams as Dick's assertive, opinionated and clever wife Lynne. Adams also ages extremely well in the film, and it's another standout performance from her. The sense is always there, from glances and moods rather than overtly in the script, that this is very much a partnership towards a goal (an "axis of evil" if you will!).Carell gets better and better in every film. His Rumsfeld feels like an intelligent impersonation of the leader, and interactions with others in the cast (such as Tyler Perry as Colin Powell) feel genuine and passionate.And is there a bad film that Rockwell has been in? His portrayal of the 'Bush boy' least-likely-to-lead is also uncanny. He's painted, probably accurately, as a puppet in the hands of Cheney, the great manipulator.The film is narrated by the excellent Jesse Plemons as an every-man who ends up with a close relationship with Cheney, as we find out later in the film (something I didn't for a minute see coming).Eddie Marsan - one of my favourite actors - also pops up, as does an uncredited Alfred Molina in a funny, but disturbing cameo role.If you liked McKay's "The Big Short" then I think you will enjoy this one. Conversely, if you were irritated by the quirky directorial style of that film then this one will also drive you to distraction. A few people I saw walk out of the showing: it just wasn't for them. As a UK15-rated film, there are also "disturbing scenes" (as the BBFC describes them), mostly in the form of inter-cut news footage of 9/11 and other terrorist incidents, and infamous US torture tactics that still remain shocking to this day. (One of the worst of these for me featured the close-to-home Piccadilly tube bombings in 2005.) The editing also deliberately cuts from very quiet scenes to EXTREMELY LOUD military explosions that made me often jump out of my skin: so perhaps not for the overly nervous cinema-goer!But this is one of the most thought-provoking films that I am likely to see this year, and I was fascinated from beginning to (final) end.(For the full graphical review, please check out One Mann's Movies on the web or Facebook. Thanks.)

It shows all these poor rural Cambodians hanging out and being bombed without any context, that they let the communist VietCong pass threw and attack south vietnam, most of the people in those countries didnt die from bombs, they died from the total war economy and eventually starvation.

Important film and apparently well-made, but I can't bear the thought of re-living the horror show that was the Bush presidency, the Iraq invasion being the most unbearable.

This movie is extremely biased against Dick Cheney, George W. Bush, and all republican leaders. It portrays Cheney as a cold-hearted, power-hungry man and concentrates on his drunken behavior in his younger days, often returning to this portrayal throughout the movie. Bush is pictured as being a weak, drunken, slob with little "smarts," and under the influence of Cheney, ignoring his leadership abilities. it also shows other republican leaders as being power-hungry jerks who often tell perverse jokes. The narrator claims the movie to be based on good research but obviously threw in a lot of made-up "facts." At the end it even tries to tie republican leaders to global problems, like boat people, fires, and other natural disasters. It is all that the literal left wished was true about Cheney and the republicans, but isn't. At the same time, the movie is very entertaining and does have surprises in the way it covers situations, and does show Cheney as a good family man, a loving protector of his wife and two girls. However, the narrator claims to be a relative of the Cheneys, to be revealed later in the movie, but he never does tell us how he is related to them.

Boring hit piece. Saw several people leave theater. Bale does a great job, but movie is as boring as a Cheney speech.

After watching Vice, one might get the impression that Dick Cheney, a surely humorless man, was single-handedly responsible for pretty much every bad domestic and foreign policy decision America ever made. He's the quiet observer, lurking at the edges, waiting to pounce at any opportunity to grasp political power, and perhaps also some big payouts along the way. The closing montages blithely suggest that his political actions can be linked to such events as school shootings and California wildfires. Surely there are more people to burden with blame, despite a unitary executive theory, as warmongering is ultimately a group effort.The movie admits, through its own opening titles, that history is not likely to offer enough details to satisfactorily depict the inner workings of the Cheney mind, nor what makes him tick, except for a troubled heart. Director and writer Adam McKay leaves us with a similarly unsatisfying movie that tries to fill in some of history's lacunae through forced dialogue, voice overs, and a partially omniscient narrator. We also persist with The Big Short's gimmicky breaking of the fourth wall, cutaways to stills, and visual metaphors to board games.Yes, the make-up artists did a great job and the acting is so good you can almost hear sympathetic vibrations of Batman whenever Christian Bale half-barks, half-grunts out his self-absorption. Kudos to Sam Rockwell for being Sam Rockwell.If you want a little more information about the years Dick Cheney was vice-president, try The Fog of War, The Unknown Known, or No End in Sight.

Amy Adams and Christian Bale were just fantastic performances. The other actors 'merely' very good, though I felt Sam Rockwell was a little underutilised.I like the quick-cut style as a way to convey the gravity of words and political machinations into real-life consequences. I noticed quite a few in my cinema didn't like it however, especially older viewers.On a theatrical/narrative level, I think those who liked The Big Short will be split into those that really like or really dislike this film.
If you liked The Big Short for the villain corporations, banks, capitalism, etc. and basic preaching to the choir - Vice is for you. If you liked The Big Short because you found it fascinating most individuals and institutions misread and misunderstood just a couple of pieces of accepted wisdom that snowballed to a depression - Vice is likely not for you.
I'm firmly in the latter group. Many of Vice's 'poignant' moments felt contrived. Carell's Rumsfeld roaring in laughter to a certain question in the film stands out as childish if only taken at face value, the biggest laugh of the film if you appreciate irony.
Put simply, Vice tries too hard to dramatise and fit to prevalent cultural tropes.

I was really looking forward to this after how much I loved The Big Short and the excellent trailer and was expecting it to be one of the best movies of the year, so I was shocked by how bad this movie was!The only redeeming factor was Christian Bale and Amy Adams performances. Both of them were fantastic and deserve to be nominated for awards. Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell who I am both big fans of played their characters like they were cartoons and felt very unrealisitc and took me out of the movie.This movie tried too hard to be like The Big Short and failed miserably at it. It had no idea what kind of movie it wanted to be and was an odd mix of biopic drama, documentary, dark-comedy, and political thriller and never came together. Although Bale is great as Cheney, we never gain any true insight into him as a person or what drove him other than he is power hungry. There isn't even much of a story here and instead the movie just hops from scene-to-scene showing big moments in Cheney's life. The narration was awful which in the first 5 minutes tells us that most of America is stupid and doesn't want to know the truth about how evil Cheney is and adds nothing to the movie but to spoonfeed us information that isn't all that hard to understand. This movie advertises itself as an "Untold True Story", but there is nothing new here to learn about Cheney or the Bush Administration you can't learn by skimming a Wikipedia article. While a good amount of the film is historical accurate, it exagerrates Cheney's involvement in a lot of areas and only skims or completely glosses over his in others. There is a montage towards the end of the film that implies Cheney is responsible for almost all the major problems in the world that goes on for nearly 10 minutes and is laughably bad.I despise Dick Cheney and am no conservative, but this film is the exact kind of liberal smugness that so many people in America are tired of. It feels like Adam McKay was less interested in making a compelling biopic and more interested in just making a 2 hour movies on how much he hates Dick Cheney. It honestly felt like it was put together by an leftwing type Infowars organization. Aside from the performances, I'm honestly shocked this got nominated for any Golden Globe awards. I think this could have been a great movie with a different director. Even Oliver Stone's mediocore Bush movie is miles ahead of this.

So jokes aside ,, the movie was so eyeopening, had a lot of info we already knew but portraited in an amazing way ... the post credit scene shows exactly the divided reaction in the users reviews .. people though on both "political views" should understand that the movie is a result of extensive research of tens of autobiographies, biographies, statements and interviews .. If it was "lies" they would've gotten their a$$es sued, but wait !! didn't happen .. the fact that Adam McKay (director/writer/Oscar winner and 3 times nominee) identifies as a democrat (as some reviewers stated) does not make the movie any less real and full of facts .The movie supposed to be in the Biography/Comedy genre, and believe me you, it excelled at both ,, directing the movie was brilliant ,, and this is not the first time Adam McKay and Christian Bale work on such project.The movie was educating ,, to "some" lets say it was a sci-fi movie :D but anyway ,, the majority loved it ,, me included and deserved all the buzz it created ... Cast wise ,, they all did amazing ,, from Bale to Amy Adams, Steve Carell and that comidec image of George W. Bush by Sam Rockwell ,, it was all a masterpiece.Watch it like you would watch a documentary on National Geographic because it is a documentary except you'll have a giggle here and there and you'll know more about how things work in DC and you'll have fun ,, it's a win win win. ;)

The Big Short (same director as this) was one of my favorite movies so this was a complete letdown for me. The director didn't even put the effort in to trying to understand the humanity behind Cheney - he mockingly portrayed him as evil and power hungry. His utter hatred for George Bush Jr. really came out - portraying him as a complete idiot. All of this was done in such a forced and ham-handed way - like superimposing children and mothers who would be killed in the Vietnam bombings he approved - as if Cheney's goal was to bomb women and children. Sorry, Cheney is no Hitler, he deserved a deeper character analysis. I could go on and on. If you hated Bush-Cheney, I'm sure you'll love this movie. If you are open minded then you likely will be a little bit insulted by the script. It just boils down to a lazy attempt to slander a man.

With end results that are both clever and nonsensical, "Vice" proves to be as messy and half-hazard as many of the policies the real Dick Cheney pushed for.

I wasted my time watching "The Big Short" several years ago, and got fooled by the critics into seeing this movie. It's interminable, in part because it's so pretentious. McKay should stick to flat out comedy...here he simply throws onto the screen anything that occurs to him, resulting in a hodge-podge that stupefies the audience. The acting is superb (although the wonderful Sam Rockwell is reduced to doing an impersonation), but the most outstanding aspect of the film is the casting and makeup that turns sometimes familiar faces into the biggest villains of the 21st Century. This is a failed Roger Moore mockumentary/documentary. And that's too bad because this awful crew of amoral, power-seekers bequeathed to us the world we live in now with two endless wars as their legacy. McKay fooled me once, shame on him, etc. etc. I won't see a third one of his films for sure.

Vice is a little hard to explain. It has some beautiful pros, and some not so beautiful cons. For the pros, Christian Bale is absolutely incredible. Whoever did the makeup on him did an excellent job, and his acting is amazing. But the way the story is told doesn't really work very well. There's always a narrator in the background, and stock footage is inserted in random places to explain scenes. This is basically showing that the people behind the movie think of the audience as stupid. Without this narration and stock footage they could have saved the movie 20 minutes.

"I want you to be my VP. I want you. You're my vice". So quips Sam Rockwell's barbecue-noshing president who's reduced to a non-radar blimp in 2018's Vice. Yeah, it's my latest review.Covering about forty years in the life and times of ex-vice president Dick Cheney, Vice vies with the Bush administration's take in 2008's W. and gives it a little more pizzazz (ironic seeing that a certain controversial helmer directed W.). In veracity, I had been readily waiting to see Vice on a traditional Christmas Day. Safe to say I wasn't disappointed.Released at 132 minutes with its narrator as veritable heart transplant donor and its end credits coming in rather prematurely (ha-ha we get it, slick Dick wasn't quite done with his anti-terrorize-r career yet), Vice gives Dick Cheney impressionist Christian Bale another chance to be his chameleon self. His method acting is in the stylings of Robert De Niro while his weight has fluctuated over the years like Oprah. With Vice, Christian becomes so unrecognizable and goes so far down the rabbit hole, you forget he's even in the darn flick. Put Bale's movie posters of 2004's The Machinist and The Fighter next to his yellowed poster for Vice. Come on, I dare you.Anyway, Vice has out of the box film-making, an uber-skimmed narrative, and a need to sometimes feel like a political, bullet point presentation (don't worry, it's still all good). The pic also announces director Adam McKay as the hottest thing going in Hollywood. Heck, if you let him grab you by the lapels and sweep you into his radical vision (without conventional judgement), Adam's Vice might just "entice" you.McKay as the brainy lovechild of early David O. Russell and 90's Oliver Stone, breaks a lot of cinematic rules here. He knows it. You know it. But hey, he doesn't really care. McKay infuses Vice with freeze frames, archive footage, reverie elements, bucked humor, and splashy editing. Granted, he sometimes wanes focus and skips the information superhighway (unlike in The Big Short) by showing more of the Chief of Staff positions Cheney held as opposed to what he actually did (this is only in the first hour or so). Still, Vice is commendable, outre oeuvre from Adam McKay. And it doesn't hurt that he gets great supporting work from Amy Adams, Tyler Perry, and Steve Carell (they play Lynne Cheney, Colin Powell, and Donald Rumsfeld respectively). Not as hate-filled or dour as some critics have rendered it to be, Vice might yield as one of this year's best. It gets a strong 3 star rating.

Don't be fooled by the gaggle of glowing reviews singing this film's praises. It is exactly what it appears to be a fictitious often mean spirited film with the singular purpose of attaching former VP Dick Chaney. Yes, Christian Bale does an admirable job (or should I say the make up department) of transforming himself into a cartoon character with no basis in reality. However, a decent performance does not save this film or elevate it beyond its core as a revisionist personal attack on someone not liked by Hollywood.
Of course, having said that I don't doubt it will be showered with praise and awards.

Way over-hyped and overrated film.(Particularly) Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell nailed their characters, and all other actors were perfectly cast and performed quite well.My issue was with writer-director Adam McKay's constant subliminal scene-interrupting metaphors(?), convoluted (and mainly unnecessary) flashbacks - that added too much rambunctiousness, to what otherwise would have been a great satire film.The story itself was very entertaining (hardly LOL as some reviewers stated), and knowledgeable, but the poor pacing and the lengthy 132 min length also took much away from this film.A missed opportunity to be a great film. A generous 7/10 from me.

Really weird movie in the way everything was set and how they kept going back and forth. Really hard cuts and slow. Really boring. I needed a break in the middle of it.

Adam McKay takes infinite liberties to push his own political viewpoints. Bias to a whole new level. Infinite liberties are taken to insert evil motives and thoughts into the story.

. . . "Santa's" Earthly minions are doomed to spend Eternity roasting in the hypothetical fiery pits of Hades (if you unscramble the "Santa" as an anagram for Someone Else). However, as VICE documents how Santa has totally controlled America's elephantine party since AT LEAST the 1960s, it becomes clear that Evil will ALWAYS triumph in the USA (meaning that Santa inevitably gets the so-called "last laugh"). VICE suggests that our allegedly sacred Pledge be immediately amended to affirm "One Nation, Under Santa." VICE does not miss a trick or a "Tricky Dick" in fingering such infamous Real Life historical villains as "Henry K." and "Rummy" and "W." and "Rover Dog" and "Groveler" and "Scaly" and "Ails" and "O'Really?" and "The Gypper" and "Ashcan" and "Obsessions" and "Colon" and the "rump\scents mob" and "scow craft" and "Toni Bare" and "Stumble-foot" and the rest of Santa's lesser-known tools. The featured Cheesy Family Values include how to throw your sister under the bus to win an election. VICE will be seen as "preaching to the choir," but everyone else clearly is worshipping Santa!

In all the essential and substantive aspects this movie seems to be very accurate, albeit politically driven film. I usually don't give 10/10 that easily, but I must offset all the butthurt Republicans that claim this is a hatchet job without fact-checking their beliefs.Many say that they were left alone in the theaters, but for me the experience was suprisingly (given that it was in Texas) different, with everybody staying until the end.

Vice is a biopic based on the life of former US Vice President Dick Cheney directed by Adam McKay (Anchorman, The Big Short). Starring Christian Bale in the lead role, it is an unconventional look into the behind the scenes role of a man considered to be one of the most powerful politicians in recent history.After joining the Republican Party in 1969, Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) quickly gains a reputation for his crafty political tactics and steadily climbs his way up the ranks to become a respected figure among his fellow politicians. Despite several health issues involving his heart, Cheney is eventually elected to Congress in 1978 thanks in part to his supportive wife Lynne (Amy Adams) running on his behalf. At the beginning of the new millennium, the Republican Presidential candidate George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell) selects Cheney as his running mate, due to his decades of political experience and two end up winning the 2000 election. One year later, in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, Cheney, along with Secretary of Defence Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carell), oversee plans for the US to invade Afghanistan and Iraq.While its unorthodox approach to the source material may prove off-putting to some viewers, Vice still has plenty of memorable and clever moments to hold one's attention, thanks mainly to Christian Bale's mesmerising performance as the titular Vice President. The way in which Bale chooses to play Cheney almost echoes his portrayal of Patrick Bateman in American Psycho, in that he is shown to be a cold and calculating psychopath manipulating others to get what he wants. Unfortunately, the rest of the film does not always juggle its comedic and dramatic tone that well, often becoming hit-and-miss with its comic relief. This can get distracting at times and does end up weighing the movie down and prevent it from being classically satirical. At the same time though, Vice remains an interesting look into the pursuit of not necessarily "absolute power", but instead as an assistant to "absolute power", which is still power nonetheless.I rate it 7/10

Moves a little slow at times, but Bale/Adams/Carell/Plemons/Rockwell are all brilliant. Adam McKay sticks to the same formula that made "The Big Short" so good. A thoroughly enjoyable film.

Sometimes I don't understand bad reviews. This film is brilliant, Christian Bale with an epic performance. It will be a travesty if this film doesn't win any awards, even if it doesn't get Best Picture, Bale deserves Best Actor over everyone.

Capturing the portrait of one of the most secretive American political figures is an impossible task. Despite the challenge of constructing actual dialogue behind closed doors the film is exceptionally illuminating and puts a crucial perspective on events that shaped our nation forever.

McKay needs to up his game. Amy Adams gives the performance of a career . Bale has done a streepesque performance

Cavils have been raised against this film. There may be some factual errors (e.g. Richard Armitage, not Libby, leaked Valerie Plame Wilson's secret agency). Inadequate attention is paid to what most dramatically distinguishes Dick Cheney from Donald Trump: Cheney's insistence on expanding American influence abroad, not abandoning it.
But this is a movie. It's not a biographic essay or a character analysis. It's a story that uses the historic particulars of Cheney to reveal a truth beyond his specifics.
So the title is not Vice-President Cheney. Its focus narrows to Vice. That can be read at least three ways. One, it abbreviates the title only to enlarge the character's role. It excludes "president," as Cheney elbowed George Bush out of key presidential authority (military, energy, foreign policy) as a condition of becoming his running mate.
The title also refers to the vice-like grip that Cheney thus put on American government, especially by promoting the argument that the president stands above the law. As Nixon argued wistfully and Trump insists urgently, If the president does something, whatever it is, however illegal, it can't be considered illegal because the president did it.
Third - and here the film shows its political point - that argument is a vice, a crime, a sin or weakness, because it flies in the face of the US constitution which the Founding Fathers developed to escape regal tyranny not to create one. That is the film's key thrust and clarion call to current concern about the American government.
At several points writer/director Adam McKay dramatically reminds us that he is not passively recording a reality but purposefully telling us a story.
He reminds us the film is a film. Thus he runs end-credits in the middle, as if Cheney's story/life (and the film) stops at his retreat from politics into Haliburton.
Even more dramatic, his Dick and Lynne perform a Shakespearean, indeed Macbethean, dialogue on a married couple's lust for power. This right after the film's narrator has said he/we have no way of knowing what the Cheneys were thinking and saying between themselves at the time. This openly privileges story over history. It reminds us we're watching a constructed story not real life.
That's also the point of the later interruption of the real end-credits. A focus group breaks into a fight over the political bias of this film. These are the facts, one man insists, only to be rejected as a libtard by the Trumpist. By definition, both are right. The key point is that here McKay states that he is telling the Cheney story to express his own current political perspective.
That also explains Kurt, the narrative voice the film uses and occasionally shows. He's a veteran of the Afghanistan war, now living a working class life in Cheney's America. He's the victim of the Haliburton government. Not till the end is he identified -the man whose heart is transplanted to save Cheney's life.
Speaking from the grave - as the Founding Fathers do if we respect the Constitution - Kurt is hurt that Cheney refers to Kurt's heart as his own. Cheney doesn't respect this donor any more than he respects the workers and soldiers, always preferring the Haliburton class. Denying the heart of the American constitution - as Cheney here and Trump outside do - betrays an absolute lack of heart in considering the rights and liberties America's founding vision promised.

Adam McKay's follow up to his Academy Award winning, The Big Short is just as good, or maybe even better in my opinion that it's predecessor and again in sharp and attacking form with a good dose of comedy as well as material that will make you think and even unsettle you, it definitely is a film that is bound to be debated, discussed and the topic of water cooler conversations for anyone living in America, or who has even the tiniest bit of interest in political activities. Last time, McKay tackled the crash of the stock market along with the housing bubble and decline that is just over ten years ago that these events happened and with The Big Short, McKay took a subject matter that to many people would work better than a warm glass of milk at bedtime to put you asleep and instead totally energized the topic by making it understandable as well as also funny and entertaining in what was a marvellously edited and written film that made for good comedy as well as giving insight to one of the most polarizing news items of the last couple of decades. Here again, McKay takes on another topic and figure in American news that is at times funny, full of great editing, but also to anyone not normally engaged into the poltical world, he takes the persona of Vice President Dick Cheney and gives what is anything, but typical biography as well as doing it's own finger wagging at some of the morals and ethics behind some of his biggest decisions while in power. It could very well be argued as the film satirizes during it's closing credits that this is a film because of it's look into the subject as well as often scrutininizing and shaming some of the events of Cheney's life, that this is merely a liberal's point of view on the subject matter and therefore that this film is biased in it's approach. If you look on a conservative news site such as Breitbart News, the reviewer for this film (who's name at the moment, unfortunately escapes me) alluded to as much and more or less said that the number of Golden Globe nominations this film received, which was more than any other nominee this year, was because of the liberal Hollywood bias and because the film is shaming and calling out the Bush presidency as well as particularly Cheney himself in a not so flattering light, that Hollwood liberals would eat the film up and nominate it for whatever they could. It raises a valid argument because as much as I personally loved the film, there were many critics both liberal and not who were mostly lukewarm with the overall reception of the film. Review aggregate websites mostly had this film in the mid to high 60 percent range which is perhaps not good enough to warrant a nominee let alone be the sole recipient of the most nominees of said year. However the same case could be made for the other recent film, Bohemian Rhapsody, which had lukewarm to mediocre reviews from critics and yet audiences say it is one of the best films of the year and it even garnered some Golden Globe nominations too. Having seen my fair share of liberal and conservative news, I would say that this film does fall into the former category which will tend to perhaps turn off conservative viewers, or fans of Cheney, but I think going into this film I was prepared to take what they gave me not only with just a dose of salt, but also the whole shaker full of it. It is so common these days to have views done in a liberal, or politically correct way that perhaps sadly I have just become more accustomed to it even if I don't always necessarily agree with it. Still, I would consider this among the year's best for not just the brilliant acting, writing and editing (which in my opinion is all awards worthy), but also because no matter how you feel about this subject, or person, there is a lot that is brought up here that should offend people with the sense of morals and decency and the basic principle of right and wrong. Probably a lot of what Cheney did was ruthless and going behind the rules and laws that would have prevented such things. This is a film that as I mentioned earlier does give one a lot of food for thought and it can be a very aggressive film at times and can really hammer home it's message till it's litterally beating you over the head with it, but this is an opinion and a journey I was pleased to take to hear another side of the story, to think about it and be swept in at the great talent that was unfolding before me. This may not be for all tastes, but for those who want to think and savour what they have just watched you could do far worse than what proves to be one of this year's best films.

If you like anti-conservative movies based on true stories, then this movie might be the ticket. Christian Bale plays the role of Dick Cheney, who overcame the odds and became the most powerful vice president in modern history while fighting health issues and personal agendas. Amy Adams plays his wife, who takes care of Mr. Cheney as he survives a gunshot wound while shooting out in the wild and gets a heart donated by an Iraq war veteran that was killed by a car near the end of the movie. In a time of change and hope, movies like this teach us the terror that happened back then and how it is to this day. Hopefully it gets some much Oscar and Golden Globe love in the next few months...

An amazing Chistian Bale performance. Not only Bale put on heavy weight for this movie, but also, he totally dived into the deep. Amy Adams, Sam Rockwell performances were phenomenon as well. Adam McKay were quite on point as a director and a writer.

Awful...we left early. Don't waste your money. The fake credits and ending was... bad

An engaging movie, following suit of Adam McKay's unorthodox style. The various exerts from other media types, with comical references throughout, added a spice to the middle-aged-power-hungry-American take that we know too well. Would watch again

The Bush Era was a difficult time for so many Americans, but it was no secret that Dick Cheney was probably the most powerful Vice President to ever hold office. "Vice" tells Cheney's story starting back in his early years working as a lineman in Wyoming because he flunked out of Yale. We also learn of all his struggles as a young man with alcoholism. His wife, Lynne, gave him an ultimatum of cleaning up his life or leaving the marriage. Of course, Dick went into politics and the movie does a wonderful job of telling his story....the way he rose to power and gained the respect of the American people and later had a very low approval rating after multiple scandals, Halliburton, & CIA leaks. And yes, the shooting "accident" is detailed as well! 😂 He became the most unpopular Vice President in American History based on polls. The movie also reveals a lot about his family life..his daughter's never ending quest for acceptance for same-sex rights/equality and the turmoil it caused among the Cheney's, Dick's health issues, and his daughter's Liz's run for the Senate. The narrator, Kurt is a significant character and is very clever. Even though he's fictional, his presence really adds a dramatic affect to the entire movie. Christian Bale, Amy Adams, & Sam Rockwell all did an amazing job! I was shocked to see Tyler Perry play Colin Powell! Great Movie all around! A MUST SEE!

The best film I've seen in a long time, factual, super witty, intelligent cool fil making with a Mammoth performancevftom Bale and some cool cameos. If you want to know why this world is like it is now. Watch this film.

We saw his body without a heart
10 times from different angles only to be convinced that he has NO HEART AT ALL !!
A 5 years old will be very impressed
That is why I call this garbage

Wow. After watching the trailer I was so pumped to see this movie only to find myself getting so bothered by all the jumping around that I left. Narrow down a time period and let us enjoy a story. I'm so bummed this movie was such a piece of garbage. I very much wanted to enjoy it.

Seeing Christian Bale fat in a role is like witnessing Christian Bale being thin in a role.
Sam Rockwell as Bush is the most perfect casting imaginable. They even did a fake nose that doesn't seem like it's going to be distracting. He and Bale look so accurate that it's kind of hilarious that they decided that Rumsfeld could just be a completely unaltered Steve Carell.

"Whaddaya say?... I want you to be my VP. I want you, you're ma vice." George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell)And so it goes. In the highly-entertaining and informative docudrama Vice, Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) becomes the most powerful vice president in the history of the US presidency. As writer/director Adam McKay plays it, some humor applies because Bush's childlike persona evokes smiles even in dire circumstances such as the invasion of Iraq.In its documentary element, Vice is an accurate history of the surprising rise of both Cheney and Bush, but the story is Cheney's. From his drunken early days to his sobering by wife Lynne, Cheney is nothing if not an adaptor with a highly-developed big-picture ambition, a politician who can see the gift that 9/11 gave to those like himself with global ambitions. Bale's impersonation of Cheney is stunning in both physical transformation and personality heft, an imitation that carries the personal stamp of an outsize personality.In the personal element, Amy Adams's Lynne is just as smart and adaptable as I remember, a force behind her husband in a time when women could gain power mostly through their husbands. Lynne would publish books on American history and weigh in at pillow-talk time with sage reactions to Dick's challenges.Crisply photographed and edited, McKay's story is immensely aided by an occasional tongue in cheek. Like our current time, if some governmental actions seem absurd, they are. When Vice runs credits midway, our confusion is alleviated when the story shows Cheney accepting an offer to visit the White House to discuss the vice presidency. In other words, his political life is by no means over.Admittedly, at times the film moves too fast over history, lacking depth other docudramas embrace. The audience might have been better with more interaction between Cheney and Bush. Such good acting, when the chemistry is there, should be expanded:Dick Cheney: "I believe... we can make this work."
George W. Bush: "Hehehe!"To teach and delight is a worthwhile motto for any filmmaker. Adam McKay fulfills that promise.

This is one of the best films of 2018, besides Black Panther and BlacKkKlansman. Christian Bale delivered an excellent performance as the former VPOTUS, Dick Cheney, as well as Amy Adams as Dick's wife, Lynne. And not to mention, Sam Rockwell's short but memorable turn as Bush 43. The makeup for the film is anything but amazing, especially Bale's transformation from Cheney's younger days to the present day. Another high point in the film is Hank Corwin's editing, as the film can tease us with some nice shots of what had happened to using the actors in shots that would be similar to Forrest Gump. If you're a fan of Oscar-winning writer and director, Adam McKay, this is a movie for fans of his films, as well as any history and or government buff.

Keep your money in your pocket the worst movie I've seen all year .

Are you breathing?
Do you care about the world you live in?Then you and everyone you know should see this movie.People in positions of power count on your apathy, cynicism, or daily life overwhelm to keep you disengaged from their actions. Use two of your hours to see this well done and entertaining expose'. Then re-watch once a year so you don't forget.

The movie was good. I personally wouldn't see it again but I'm glad I saw the movie. The acting definitely felt real, especially from Amy Adams and Christian Bale. The movie itself was primarily factual, but it all felt a little forced. The idea of pushing it as a comedy was definitely not a good idea, it would have worked way better as a drama. The whole narration by the guy who's heart Cheney gets for his heart transplant added nothing to the plot, and at times became annoying. Overall this movie was pretty good. I cannot speak for everyone, so I suggest you go see this movie and judge it for yourself.

Just ok to watch. Plods along, forgettable as you watch, but well acted. Difficult to know what is true, and not a gripping style of storytelling so just ok.

Vice is Adam McKay's part-satirical, part-dramatic meditation on our former Vice President, Dick Cheney. Vice turns out to be more like a docudrama, touching on all the main points of Cheney's life in a series of vignettes that often move back and forth in chronological time. Little of a three act structure, typical of most screenplays, can be discerned here.
Early on McKay cannot disguise his contempt for his subject. After Cheney's second DUI, McKay's narrator (Cheney's subsequent heart donor voiced by Jesse Plemons) intones that in "modern day parlance," our eventual Vice President would be labeled as a "dirt bag."
Nonetheless McKay performs an excellent service in outlining Cheney's life before becoming Vice President. To confess, all I knew about Cheney besides his being Vice President, was that he was formerly the CEO of the Haliburton Corporation. I had no idea that he was Donald Rumsfeld's assistant in the Nixon White House, Chief of Staff to President Ford, a member of the House of Representatives for ten years in the 80s, and Secretary of Defense under President George H.W. Bush.
Much of Vice rises and falls on the actors McKay has chosen to play real-life personages. Christian Bale is a dead ringer for Cheney, not only in his appearance but voice as well. Some critics have complained that Bale's Cheney is simply an "impression"-but let's be real: Cheney was not the most charismatic politician in American history so one should not expect a great deal of eye-popping histrionics from Mr. Bale.
Amy Adams captures Lynne Cheney's unbridled ambition nicely as the devoted wife who really is the bedrock to a man whose heart problems periodically stifle his upward trajectory. Lynne's steeliness is first on display when she demands that Dick clean up his act following his arrest for DWI. Later when their daughter Mary reveals she's gay, she's more concerned with how this will impact her husband's career than displaying sympathy and affection for her daughter. And finally, she proves to be much more socially engaging than her husband when she campaigns for him while he's laid up in the hospital after another one of his heart attacks.
Less compelling is Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld. Carell plays Rumsfeld more as an aggressive and crude boor than the man Henry Kissinger termed the most "ruthless" man he ever met. Bill Camp doesn't look at all like President Ford but LisaGay Hamilton does as Condoleezza Rice-unfortunately she has nothing to do. Tyler Perry looks slightly like Colin Powell but is unable to capture his essence. The same goes for John Hillner, who bears a passing resemblance to George Bush Sr., but is unable to convey the charm.
Much more successful is Sam Rockwell as President George W. Bush. Perhaps the best scene in the film is when Bush meets with Cheney and offers him the Vice Presidential spot. Rockwell portrays Bush as quite likable, content to delegate power to others who are far more capable than he in performing governmental duties.
It's McKay's thesis that once Cheney became Vice President he virtually ran the show in the Bush II White House. In fact the opening scene in the film focuses on Cheney's famous order on 9/11 authorizing the military to shoot any plane down without direct authorization from the president. There is a great deal of time spent discussing the "Unitary Executive Theory," a theory of American constitutional law holding that the President possesses the power to control the entire executive branch. These academic sequences tend to slow the narrative down considerably.
If a Second Act crisis can be discerned at all, that would be the imbroglio over the US decision to invade Iraq. McKay holds Cheney primarily responsible for the invasion as well as the subsequent outcome: the deaths of many American soldiers and the chaos that followed, including the rise of ISIS.
While clips of President Carter and Reagan are utilized, we never see Bush Sr. during the years he was actually in office. Hence a positive period in Cheney's career is passed over-he's given no credit as Secretary of Defense, when there was a successful outcome to the first Iraqi War.
Worse yet is McKay's failure to highlight Hillary Clinton's decision to support the second Iraq War. The fact is that many Democrats joined the Republicans in authorizing the war not only because Saddam was dangerous having used poison gas against his own people but because they truly believed Saddam was in a position to obtain weapons of mass destruction. It was actually Saddam who promulgated the false notion that he had nuclear bombs. Call it a failure of intelligence to actually figure out whether Saddam was telling the truth or not, but in reality obtaining hard core information from closed, authoritarian societies has always proved problematic.
So arguing that Cheney was primarily responsible for the second Iraq War, without acknowledging there would have been no war without Democrat approval, proves to be a bit of a specious argument. The flippant way in which McKay mocks Cheney for his coronary difficulties is another example of his holier than thou attitude. On the other hand, McKay does have a measure of sympathy for the man on occasion-especially in his acceptance of his daughter's sexuality.
I liked how McKay sums it all up when he has Cheney directly address the audience at film's end. The man is unapologetic-and that's exactly the way he is. McKay sees a Machiavellian character here but it appears both options-to invade or not to invade Iraq-at the time, were no-win propositions.

Christian Bale's performance, really made me speechless, in a good way speechless. And Amy Adams presents a really awesome performance in this movie. Actually, all the actors in this movie are great. However, as a biographical film, this movie is very not serious. The director seems want this movie become an irony comedy.
Well, jokes on him.
Those supposed be funny parts in this movie made me feel nothing but bored. This is the main reason why I gave this movie a 6. This movie does not deserve those Oscar-level performances. If you want to make audiences believe the story you are telling, try to be serious. This does not mean you can not use joke in it, on the contrary, you can use but take the whole story as a serious thing instead of trying to think about how to mock the character in real life. The character you are filming about is a politician, not a comedian. If you just joking around, how should audiences believe your movie is an objective criticism not a bias show?

"Vice" is an intelligent political thriller, told on-screen in a weirdly entertaining, funny format. If viewers want to have an informative (and simultaneously fun) look at the George W. Bush administration, then this movie will definitely delight them. Of course, there might be a number of negative reviews that will be politically-biased. My advice to viewers is to watch and enjoy this movie and the performances of the actors, and not to get entangled in any type of political war - please note, the world works better for everyone when there is peace.First of all, Christian Bale as Dick Cheney is excellent - he is almost flawless in his performance. Amy Adams as Cheney's wife is also equally excellent in her performance. The rest of the cast have also given incredible performances. "Vice" is definitely a memorable movie, one of the best movies of this year, and the main reason is the "captain of the ship" - the great director - Adam McKay.

The extent to which bale takes his method acting must be applauded . Though there are points in the film with little scatter . The acting makes up for it. A must watch indeed

This movie is about the Boogeyman... culpability for all of our current issues are laid bare during the last 10 minutes of the film. There's a story to be told here - a complex story of perseverance, family bonds, power, and disruption inside the Beltway - but McKay falls short.
The acting was superb - Carrell as Rumsfeld, Adams as Lynne Cheney, Bale as Dick Cheney - their performances were spot on despite the lack of character development. But the film falls short because it forgets the most important thing about moviemaking - telling the story. We learn about Cheney's rise to power, but then we're abruptly taken to 9/11, and then we fast forward to abuse of power, and Halliburton, and gay marriage...huh??
Cheney is a flawed man. But there is a multifaceted story to be told here. There is a story worth telling that can satisfy audience members from both sides of the spectrum. The movie starts to tell you the story, but rushes to convince you that Cheney is the Boogeyman.

No matter what your political party movie makes you think!! I except great acting from casts not surprised how well they did, what I didn't care for was flow of movie. Unclear why we needed so many black screen pauses? Not sure where or how someone thought there was any comedy? Not one person in theater laughed included me! Great acting and screenwriting.

I was expecting a little more comedy. It was such an interesting new form of film. Almost like a documentary. The cast is top notch and the editing and flow is so fun. It is pretty biased but either way the cast is what makes it great.

What type of film do you think Adam McKay will make after Trump wins another term?
The correct answer is...a Bill Clinton one. More sex and violence. Add Hillary and you get even more violence. Perpetrated on Americans no less. But he doesn't have the courage. So we get this cut and paste snore fest.
The issue is...it admits how little they know of the guy then proceed to fill in details. If you hate that admin, be ready to lick your chops. If not...well it's going to be a high school play.
What a shame considering the genius of "The Big Short" a subject matter that begs for accountability. This is Michael Moore's big richer brother mentality.
The truth is...both parties were made rich off the middle east. Somehow McKay overlooked this. Obama walks in a upper middle class becomes a king. This is more relevant to Americans against the leaders. But thats not the story McKay's Hollywood can handle.
Will they ever give money to Clinton story in the same 4th wall breaking gee aren't we cute to point out the insanity of power? Doubt it. McKay knows he'd end up dead.

Greetings again from the darkness. While it's happening, we don't always recognize life in terms of future historical merit. Time passes and perspective becomes possible. It's at this point when we can reevaluate the actions and results of those involved. One might call this the benefit of hindsight, but philosopher George Santayana is credited with saying "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." Filmmaker Adam McKay has moved on from his sophomoric comedies (STEP BROTHERS, ANCHORMAN: THE LEGEND OF RON BURGANDY) to full bore political satire, first with his "Funny or Die" videos (co-produced with Will Ferrell), then to his searing look at the financial crisis of the mortgage market with THE BIG SHORT (for which he won an Oscar for adapted screenplay), and now to the power dynamics within the Bush-Cheney administration ... and how a quiet, unassuming insider became the most powerful man in America.In one of the biggest casting head-scratchers of all-time, Christian Bale takes on the role of Dick Cheney. We are barely one scene in before all doubts are assuaged, and we are reminded yet again why Mr. Bale is one of the most talented and fascinating actors in cinematic history. With the weight gain, the hair, the growling voice (not unlike Bale's Batman), the asymmetrical smirk - Bale becomes Cheney on screen and that allows us to focus on the manner in which filmmaker McKay unfolds the events - many of which we remember, even if we were blissfully unaware of the backstory.Cheney is first seen in 1963 Wyoming as a drunk and somewhat rowdy youngster. The film then bounces the timeline to key events such as Cheney's time as Donald Rumsfeld's (Steve Carell) intern/lackey and the 1970's (Bethesda, his being named youngest White House Chief of Staff, Ford's loss to Carter, and the campaign for Wyoming Congressman). Cheney's wife Lynne (played by Amy Adams) is portrayed as more ambitious than her husband (at least early on), and in one searing scene, yanks a young Cheney out of his funk and onto the upwardly mobile track. Were the timing 15 years forward, it's not difficult to imagine Lynne as the rising political star.The story really gets interesting once George HW Bush is elected and Cheney is brought back to D.C. as Secretary of Defense. From this point on, his near subversive quest for power is in overdrive. There are many quotes cautioning to 'beware the quiet man', and most fit the Cheney on display here. You've likely seen in the trailer where a finger-lickin' George W Bush (Sam Rockwell) chows on barbeque as he offers the VP job to Cheney. Surprisingly, this is one of only two scenes where McKay makes Bush look like a buffoon. If you haven't figured it out by now, it should be clear that McKay is not one to give the benefit of the doubt here ... his mission is to highlight all ludicrous actions of our nation's leaders during this time.Supporting work is provided by a deep cast including Lilly Rabe and Allison Pill as the Cheney daughters (Liz and Mary), Justin Kirk as Scooter Libby, Bill Camp as Gerald Ford, LisaGay Hamilton as Condoleezza Rice, Tyler Perry as Colin Powell, Eddie Marsan as Paul Wolfowitz, and Don McManus as David Addington. There is also Bob Stephenson as Rush Limbaugh, cameos from Naomi Watts and Alfred Molina, and Jesse Plemons as the narrator whose true role is held at bay until near the film's end.September 11, 2001 brings on a very interesting segment when there is an emergency White House evacuation, and Cheney is whisked into a secure room and appears to overstep his authority ... at least that's how it appears to everyone other than Cheney. He is described as having power "like a ghost", and it's this scene and the follow-up discussions about Afghanistan, that McKay believes best exemplifies Cheney's lust for power, and how 'right and wrong' are secondary to him.Actual clips of Nixon, Reagan, bin Laden, Carter, and Obama are dropped into segments providing a quasi-documentary feel at times. Cheney's heart issues, the political quandary resulting from his daughter coming out as gay, and the involvement of Americans for Tax Reform (ATR) and the Koch brothers all play a role here, as does the Unitary Executive Theory and the legal specifics that cause much debate. Also on display is some of the least complementary eyeglass fashion across 3 decades.Even though his approach leans pretty far left, filmmaker McKay is to be applauded for a most entertaining look at how our government officials can manipulate policy and public statements, and may even stoop to focus groups in better understanding the views of the American people. Editor Hank Corwin (Oscar nominated for THE BIG SHORT) is a big part of maintaining the quick pace of the film, and the use of fishing as a metaphor somehow works. "America" from West Side Story is a fitting song to end the clever, funny and thought-provoking film and our look at the rare politician who amassed power while mostly avoiding the publicity that other politicians seek. Watch at your own risk - depending on your politics.

What an amazing film, Adam McKay still amazes me in every way. This is must see and probably one of the best of the year. And the cast is perfect.

Not surprising to see all the republicans hating this movie. They can't handle the TRUTH!Until the current nightmare in the whitehouse, the dubya / Cheney presidency was the worst in history.This film isn't a comedy though. I think it is more horrifying than Hereditary.

I will preface my review and say, I don't know what a good movie is. My son (18) has me watch highly rated movies on Rotten Tomatoes, and I completely miss what is great. I do love movies, but I just want to smell the popcorn and have a good laugh.
A group of 45 year olds went to see Vice with an expectation it was a comedy. It is not the comedy I was expecting. There is a great cast with some wonderful acting, but the humor is only in parts.
I love how they told the story. Director Paolo Sorrentino crafted a film that was unique in how it portrayed the life of our previous vice president. Considering how many years it portrayed, I do feel it was executed well. Most of his life I did not know, and did some fact checking when I got home.
Leave your political preferences in the car; this film flirts with being a documentary as much as it is an entertaining movie. A friend of mine left mad, but his wife found it to be entertaining. Vice is worth the ticket price, just detach any emotions to the vice president

Vice is an accomplishment in film making. Instead of a standard linear story from old to new, it frequently alternates between old and new events. It also has moments that wake the audience up. The old way of making films, especially historic ones, involved a boring, slow linear (First Man) story but not Vice. This film jumps at you throughout with explosions being amplified for the wars started to jolts here and there. It was well put together and kept the viewer engaged.Christian Bale does a great job in portraying Cheyney and living the role. He is very deserving of his golden globe. This is in many ways a very Liberal film as it takes quite a few hits at conservatives & portrays them as blunt objects. The end credit scene perfectly illustrated that while yes it was shown in a funny manner it was indeed factual. Yes not an opinion but cold hard facts. You cannot rewrite deaths or the cause of ISIL, enough said. The truthful parody of Cheyney and Bush shows how those with power escaped any accountability. A person copying a Harry Potter CD might go to jail but not these guys. This is also a polarizing film and about to trigger people so this film and this review could receive mixed ratings.8/10

You really need to be a fan of Adams other work to understand why this is Filmed the way it is. Bale is immense as Cheney, you truly believe him as the character and I loved Carrell as Don..

Vice Review:Vice is the story of Dick Cheney, Christian Bale, and the events leading up to his term as Vice President. I was excited to see this movie because they gave it a comedic route and also all of the actors and actresses in it. When the reviews came out they were very mixed, even getting a bad score by audiences on Rotten Tomatoes. Don't listen to those reviews, this is a pretty good movie. I thought it brought some great insight and new information to the story that was very interesting. Christian Bale was amazing as Dick Cheney. Bale won the Golden Globe this past Sunday for this role in the Best Actor Comedy/Musical category. He captured him perfectly and with the makeup he looked exactly like him. Amy Adams as Lynne Cheney was also really good. She was nominated for Best Supporting Actress and is a lock for the nominations for the Oscars. Though she probably won't win, she's my second choice. Adam McKay did very well writing and directing. His last movie, The Big Short, was also a big contender for the 2016 academy awards. He had an interesting approach to the movie giving it narration, which I'll get back to in a second, and making it very comedic with the editing style. The editing for his movies, done by Hank Corwin, is always so strange and unique. At the very beginning there were a few sentences on the screen saying how it was a true story but "Dick Cheney is a secretive man" and those sentences were the best opening lines of a movie I've seen in a while. There was an editing choice done halfway through the movie that I thought was hilarious. Usually a film has three acts to it, but it was more split into two big acts with three small ones within the two. That sounds confusing but it makes sense to me. The narration in the movie, done by Jesse Plemons, was good and had an interesting turn towards the end. I loved it and I think most will. The score for the film was good, as it made the shortlist for the Oscars. I loved the makeup and hairstyling, which probably will win the award. For problems I felt the split between acts was a little weird but that's because of the story since it didn't focus on him being Vice President till later. I thought it kind of slowed down more on the second half too. This isn't a big problem but the title sequence felt too late for me but not many will care about it. The movie was also a little bit long but there was a lot to get in. Overall I thought Vice was a much better film than what people said. A lot of negative reviews came from Republicans so if you fit that criteria I guess be warned if you get offended by these kinds of things. Since this was the film that scored the most Golden Globe nominations this year and you're into award winning movies, I would check this out.My Grade: A-

I enjoyed the film thoroughly. While it is sad that some staunch Republicans (and maybe a few Russian bloggers) feel the need to drive down the ratings for political reasons. it should not stop anyone from seeing what is a very good movie.

I enjoyed the big short and found the editing style to be similar , which should have been a positive . However , it felt overly engineered in its production with jarring cuts and abrasive sound. What it lacked was a proper analysis of Cheney's psyche - I wanted to know whet really motivated his thirst for power . Was it power for power's sake or money or something more complex . Perhaps this was and is unknown. I enjoyed learning more about the events surrounding the invasion in Iraq , especially Colin Powell's apparent coercion and George W Bush's relationship to this.

Dick Cheney is without a doubt the most controversial and powerful Vice President in American history. With such a shocking legacy, it should come at no surprise that a mainstream Hollywood film depicting his political career doesn't praise him and present him as an admirable man.Director Adam McKay continues to swim away from goofy movies like Anchorman and focuses on creating substantial, serious films like The Big Short from 2015, in which he won an Academy Award for best adapted screenplay for telling the story of the 2008 stock market crash. Tackling more heavy political topics, McKay examines the legacy of Dick Cheney, depicting his early political uprising that began during the Nixon administration, to becoming the driving force of George W. Bush's presidency.Despite handling heavy, serious topics, McKay adds a style to Vice that's somewhat similar to The Big Short. He tries to lighten the mood and add comedic relief and creative approaches that stylize and make his content less dry. Despite this ambition, McKay is all over the place as both a writer and director in this film. Vice has absolutely no idea what it wants to be or what it wants the audience to take away from this film.McKay clearly despises Cheney and Bush, with righteous reasoning. Cheney was responsible for a lot of damage with his driving of the Iraq War and oil business operations, yet McKay doesn't trust his audience enough to figure that out for themselves or generate their own opinions. Instead, he makes Vice seem like a giant mockery of the Vice President, yet also finds a way to humanize him. This sounds like it would add creativity and emotional appeal to such a polarizing figure and topic, yet it makes the film more unorganized, further emphasizing its identity crisis and not having any clear direction on what it wants its audience to truly take away other than Cheney was a bad dude and Bush was an idiot.Christian Bale, however, does fantastic work as Dick Cheney in an unrecognizable role. Bale clearly researched this man and hits his performance in a nuanced, spot-on fashion. Amy Adams does great work as Lynne Cheney, the Vice President's wife, and Steve Carell also excels as Donald Rumsfeld, the Secretary of Defense to Bush and longtime political operator involved in the Nixon administration. Sam Rockwell steals the show as George W. Bush, being naturally funny and not overdoing his role. Rockwell, who last year won best supporting actor for his career-defining role in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, should have been used more throughout the film instead of being just a small supporting character.Despite the misguided direction and storytelling techniques, Vice is a wickedly entertaining film. Not one minute of the film is boring or uninteresting. Even though McKay misuses his blend of comedy and seriousness, he knows how to energize a film and get the audience interested. Christian Bale deserves thanks for this too, for it takes a truly talented actor to engage an audience from start to finish.I doubt anyone will come out of Vice being persuaded in any way. Anyone who doesn't have a negative attitude towards the Bush administration's foreign policy has probably been living under a rock for the last few decades. Adam McKay doesn't present anything that new or shocking. He instead presents what is generally known and adds some minor details on Dick Cheney's life and shows what could very likely have occurred behind closed doors during Dick Cheney's political career.If you want to be truly informed about Dick Cheney and understand the consequences behind his actions (good or bad), then a documentary is better suited for you. What Vice does is examine the political process in a highly energized, uncomfortably comedic fashion that makes for a genuinely entertaining film.

Brought up by Goldwater Conservative journalist for 101st Airborne taught me to think critically then follow where the $ comes from!Capitalism infinite planet DOESN'T work!Homo Sapiens won't last as long as dinasours!

From Adam McKay, comes Vice (2018), an often funny and occasionally clever biopic of the former Vice President Dick Cheney. Although I left the movie theater with an overall feeling of enjoyment, Vice still didn't impress me nearly as much as The Big Short (2015) did, nor did it make me laugh as much as McKay's earlier works such as Anchorman (2004). I think Vice has a lot working in its favor, primarily an excellent screenplay and immensely talented actors, but it struggles to find its feet for the first third of the film. To me it seems that McKay might have gotten in his own way a bit in terms of the direction. He had all the pieces he needed to create a brilliant film, but not enough restraint to assemble them coherently. Somewhere amidst all of the cutting across time periods, excessive narration, and frenzied editing lies a great movie, which is why I was more satisfied than dissatisfied with the overall film. The first act of the movie, which chronicles Cheney's rise to power, from college dropout, to White House chief of staff, to the CEO of Halliburton, is where I took the greatest issue with Vice. This entire section of the film suffers from a variety of problems, most notably pacing and tone. The first 45 minutes came off as rushed, like McKay was trying to jam in as much backstory as he could before getting to Cheney's appointment as Vice President, which was clearly the story McKay wanted to tell. This exposition-heavy first act wouldn't seem quite as out of place had it matched in tone to the rest of the movie. The last two acts of the film deliver some stellar comedy in McKay's signature style, whereas the beginning of the film only has one or two moments of the absurd brilliance we love from the director. The beginning of the second act is where the movie truly began for me, as it was clear McKay had finally gotten to the part of Cheney's life that he found the most interesting and appalling. From there, it was mostly smooth sailing with lots of laughs and terrific performances along the way. After seeing the trailer a few months ago, Vice became my most anticipated movie of the holiday season, so perhaps my expectations going in played a hand in why I felt underwhelmed by the film. However, I still maintain that McKay's sophomore effort in his award-winning turn is not his best. It isn't the home-run I was hoping it would be, but it certainly wasn't a strike out either. If you can reign in your expectations and judge this movie separately from The Big Short, Vice is a perfectly enjoyable satire, and therefore worth seeing.

An excellent biopic about Dick Cheney and an impressive depiction of how one man with questionable power can have so much influence about the worlds fate with his pure sense of manipulation and the right amount of charisma. Yes, it works with many dictators that way but also in the common political regime. The film was similarly shot like Adam McKay's previous effort "The Big Short" - giving it a semi decumentary style with the right amount of wit but without ignoring the seriousness of the story. I think in the case of the "Vice" McKay brought that style to near perfection. I am also glad he did not ignore to show us more positive sides of Dick Cheney sides and his personal life. Like the fact that one of the reasons to run for President was to keep his daughter's private life safe. The other reason this movie works so well is the perfect choice of actors. Christian Bale is terrific as Cheney and not only owned his mannerisms but added a lot to it. The line deliveries were perfectly and so well that it really stick with the audience. Bale's transformation aside it was also a very deep and thoughtful performance. The work of a masterclass actor. Another performance that stood out was definitely Sam Rockwell's George W. Bush. You could blame him for being too cartoonish and being a caricature.. but wasn't that what Bush was anyway? Sorry.. politics aside... yes Rockwell imitated Bush but he imitated him perfectly to the point. Amy Adams also shines most of the times. Her opening scenes was a bit too over the top for my tastes and really not a good example for a caricature but she saved her performance throughout the film and give a very commanding and charismatic performance. Steve Carell is very underrated here. Especially in the first half of the film he was a real scene stealer and played the role with a mix of great self confidence and self irony. The rest of the ensemble is also simply good there is hardly any weak spot to find. Like Alison Pill has one tremendous scene in the middle of the scene, very short but memorable. And Jesse Plemons is always a pleasure to see. His connection to the story offers a great and very though provoking twist and really nails what the film is all about. A great political piece... with a lot of wit, seriousness and involving many of the years finest performances.

Is this the right time for this film to be coming out??? If not now, then when?? This is going to be an extremely divisive film due to the inherent nature that its subject matter is about a controversial figure. For me personally it was an interesting and uncomfortable watch that was definitely worth it.Adam McKay has done it again, first with "The Big Short" and now with this film. He has managed to take such a huge and complex story/historic event and make it manageable for all audiences to understand and follow easily. In this film its mainly achieved with narration from the brilliant Jesse Plemons, which is not only informative but adds great levity to the film which works really well. There is some really complex stuff going on in this film but McKay has found a way that makes the boring seem interesting and palatable. I don't know how he does it but his directing and writing style is so unique that it just works, I cant really describe it he has a great balance to his films. Heavy, complex subject material made into something entertaining, manageable and informative.Now obviously there was much attention payed to Christian Bale's transformation into playing the role of Dick Cheney and my word does he not disappoint. Bale is simply fantastic in the role and does one really important thing........thats make Dick Cheney as grounded and human as possible. For all the horrible things the man has said to/ or has done, the film and Bale have opened up the story of the man from the beginning which paints a slightly different image in your head of him. Dick Cheney is still not a nice man but for me there is more to him that makes you know why he got into politics, his life and his health.All the other cast members Amy Adams, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell are all really good in the film and definitely deserve some acclaim because without their performances as well, the film wouldn't work as well.One part of the film that I like the most is the fact that from the get go, tells you that it was very difficult in uncovering information on Dick Cheney, but they tried there best. They are scenes in the film where the narration says they have no idea what happened, I really appreciate the honesty on McKay's part here letting the audience know that it was really difficult in finding information on the events that took place in this film.Overall 80% out of 100 or 8 out of 10 its a very good film, even though for me personally I found it a little uncomfortable at times but I guess thats the point. Its definitely gonna be controversial in America right now erm...........yikes........there are obviously parallels to their "situation" now!!!! However I firmly believe its still a film for everyone, so just go a see it and make your own mind up!PS: The film even gives you the reaction to the film after the credits its a genius move but sad as well at the same time.

This film is what I would classify more as documentary, than comedy. The Golden Globe Awards assign Vice, and The Big Short as comedy. Like The Big Short, Adam McKay has written and directed a story that specifically defines what has occurred in history. Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Sam Rockwell, and Steve Carrel are four of the greatest actors we've ever seen. This movie represents an excellent overview of what the separation of personal business interests from politics is intended to do for both the United States economy, and consumer trust. This movie, more explicitly, is relevant to those who understand how no separation of personal business interests and politics can do to an economy and consumer trust. I strongly encourage more people to view in any method.

GRADE: B+THIS FILM IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A dark satirical film that refuses to shy away from all of the political corruption during the Bush years, with a virtuoso performance by Christian Bale as evil personified.JIM'S REVIEW: Andrew McKay's Vice has moments of brilliance along with its heavy-handed political message. It mixes sardonic wit with fascinating propaganda as it depicts a damning portrayal of one of the most amoral politicians in American history, former vice president Dick Cheney.This compelling biography uses satire as a basis in its storytelling of political intrigue that happened behind White House doors. We are shown Cheney's early years of alcoholic stupor and aimlessness and watch his eventual rise to Washington's top elite. Multiple images, due to Hank Corwin's expert kinetic editing, continually bombard the screen with pop references and vintage archival footage (or detailed reenactments) to cover decades of unrest in our country for the past fifty or so years. Mr. McKay's literate and admittedly biased screenplay takes on massive amounts of history (Watergate, Vietnam War, 9/11, Guantanamo Bay, etc.) in its tale of one man's insatiable thirst for power and mostly succeed in its epic filmmaking.Vice is certainly not a glowing tribute to its subject. Quite the opposite. It is a condemnation of a ruthless man hell bent on furthering his own wealth and fame. Its dense narrative doesn't spare any victims and aims the blame directly at its famous rogues gallery of political icons who systemically polarized our nation.Mr. McKay is a fearless director and he creates a stunning film. He takes risks to intellectualize and promote his personal vision. Yes, there are some minor creative missteps in his outrageous and deliberate filmmaking approach that are gimmicky and pretentious, while other touches are spot-on genius.The ensemble is first-rate. Everyone looks the part. (Kudos to the artisans in the hair / make-up department who bring such authenticity to their craft with even the smaller supporting parts. The make-up design seamlessly disguises the actors and its resemblance to these politician is uncanny.) There's Sam Rockwell as President George W. Bush and Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld. Lisa Gay Hamilton plays Condoleezza Rice, Justin Kirk is Scooter Libby, and Tyler Perry as Colin Powell. Jesse Plemons plays Kurt, the film's mysterious narrator whose voiceovers tell this tale with a decidedly clever twist. All are terrific in their roles.But (literally) the heart and dark soul of the film is Christian Bale's portrayal as the devil personified and he is perfection in this role. This is a great performance, one that will be remembered for years to come and very Oscar worthy. The actor is unrecognizable in his physical transformation. He captures that gravelly voice, his cocky smirks, and bitter arrogance with ease. Mr. Bale is also given solid support by Amy Adams as Cheney's devoted wife, Lynne. The actress plays the woman behind the man just as savvy and ambitiously corrupt, a modern-day Lady MacBeth. In fact, the film is truly a Shakespearian comedy/ tragedy, complete with its own satirical scene using Iambic pentameter dialog that is hysterical...Just one of its unexpected brilliant moments.Vice is a flawed but earnest exposé about a politician who overused his authority without any remorse or punishment. One proven fact is that Cheney was above the law as vice president and his behavior went on without any checks or balances. As one of the film's powerful images, lensed by cinematographer Greig Fraser, states, "When laws end, tyranny will begin." Parallels to today's uncertain times seem sadly obvious. Films like Vice are important reminders...wake-up calls that we are destined to repeat our mistakes. Thanks to Mr. McKay and his crew's passion and talents, Vice earns our attention and our outrage.

Incredibly creative storytelling: witty, tongue in cheek, unique use of metaphors. Shrewd (and terrifying) political insights cloaked in humour to make it palatable. Great cast and great performances. Watch for the extra scene mid-credits - it perfectly sums up the current political impasse. I give this a 9 (clever) out of 10. {Political History}

Regardless of where you stand politically I think this movie is well worth your time, strictly on a cinematic basis. Christian Bale just gets better and better with age and now in my estimation stands among the greatest actors of all time.

To be fair i only watched the first hour, about half of it, but it was so boring. I hope it got better.
I am Australian, not American. I majored in international politics. This was not political and exploritative enough for me. The "humour" was cheap.
It touched on a few facts, but nothing revelationary.
I would have liked to see the second half so i cant speak for the whole movie, but the first half was just so bad :/

Pros: Its a very good movie, entertaining, and certainly eye opening.Cons: It's presented in a narrated format which for me never really works that well, and the narrator's voice doesn't really work for me. Also, I never really got to see why Cheney was the way he was - the real reasons for it underlying the desire for power.All in all I would recommend it.

Adam McKay truly steps into unconventional territory, taking a unique, and well thought out storytelling style to convey what otherwise would be a boring and depressing exposé.The acting was phenomenal, and the editing was complex and thoughtful.With some quite funny moments, this depressing story, although still very depressing, is made very interesting and powerful to the viewer.

The Killers' "The Man" was honestly the perfect song to accompany the story of one of the most notorious vice president's of our country, Dick Cheney. Adam McKay is a solid bringer of comedy films and then he brought something unique with The Big Short in 2015. I actually did not like that film and felt like the style and cuts in the conventional story telling was annoying for an already complicated subject matter. The similar type of story telling works with Vice. I actually am surprised at how much I liked this film.The film is a biopic of Dick Cheney. It shows the story of the former White House Chief of Staff and his eventual turn as the Vice President of the United States. Cheney was an extremely controversial figure and undoubtedly had a great amount of power for a Vice. The film portrays his launch of the war on Iraq after the events of September 11th. The film stars a fairly unrecognizable Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Steve Carell, and Sam Rockwell as W.First and foremost, Christian Bale is excellent in this. Almost unrecognizable and disappearing into the role of the soft speaking but demanding Cheney, he is as usual committed to the role. The makeup is great in this as Rockwell started to look more and more like George W. Bush as the film went on. It may not be completely accurate but I found it to be an entertaining look at Cheney. The narrative breaks and comedic elements work in this film because it adds brevity to a serious story.It will outrage you and you will draw parallels to the presidency of today, undoubtedly. I know a lot of people won't like this effort, but I truly feel like this is the strongest and most convincing thing I've seen from Adam McKay who is showing a real shine as a filmmaker who can come out of his element. I'm quite surprised at how much I liked this but I'm glad I saw it when I did, a nice Christmas surprise.8/10

Haven't seen the movie yet but still giving it 10/10 stars just because of that hard work of Christian Bale, he deserves an Oscar.

Great movie if you want a brief overview of his career and life as a politician, ceo and for 8 years Vice President to George Bush

This movie is so politically biased. At first I couldn't tell, I really thought I was watching a satire because of how ridiculously evil and cunning they portray all republicans in this but then I realized that it's just an extreme liberal bias. On the upside, if you know that most of this is hogwash and watch it as if it IS satire then its mildly funny. I can't recommend this movie for any other reason though and it doesn't seem to have much truth in the movie. Perhaps the person who wrote this should stick to non-political movies.

Four years ago, Adam McKay made one of the most entertaining and educational films about the economy and the explosion of the great American real estate bubble with The big short. With agile and pop culture language, the director simply explained how some broke down and others profited greatly in the American mortgage crisis. In short, there was a bunch of hawks who caught a chance and went hunting. "Vice" follows the same model of language, narrative, and premise. The only difference is that it does not have the same humor. Perhaps there is a slight irony here, another there, but it was really impossible to portray the life of what must have been the most active vice president of American history with humor."Vice" is the story of a man who was no one and who became the powerful vice president of George W. Bush's government (2001-2009). The film is pitiless with Dick Cheney (a Christian Bale in a state where there are no adjectives to praise him). In the first part, it portrays Cheney like a failure, alcoholic and mediocre student. In the remainder of the film, Cheney is an opportunist who knew how to ride the sealed horse of history and lead himself to the highest echelons of American government with an extremely conservative thought, without measuring any consequences and trampling whoever he wants to be on the ridge of power. And definitely this portrait could not being different.Cheney was for a long time almost a ghost, but the film compacts with and confirms the hypothesis that he was the iron arm of the Bush administration (Sam Rockwell). It was up to him, with a series of maneuvers and counting on the active participation of coreligionists in various instances of power, to stretch US legislation to the utmost to start groundless wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. All with the consent of a weak and almost servile president to Cheney's wishes and who did all the will to have him side on the plate when running for the presidency with Democrat Al Gore.Narrated by an American soldier, which was a good part of the film, "Vice" shows how a mediocre person who had everything to become an irrelevant human being, ended up grabbing an opportunity to do an internship in the US Congress and stuck to right people in power. The first was Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carrell), Gerald Ford's former chief of staff who also held positions in the Nixon administration and became the Secretary of Defense for the Bush administration.The film gives the impression that Cheney was, in fact, an invisible leader to the public of a whole generation of Republicans and the voice of the American conservatives against the "advances" implemented by the Democrats who, by the way, occupied the White House. In the case, since Cheney emerged on the political scene, the only presidents from the democrat party were Jimmy Carter and Bil Clinton, who commanded the White House for 12 years. The Republican presidents were four - Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George Bush and George W. Bush - commanding the White House for a total of 23 years. Barack Obama has come to represent the end of the Cheney generation, now 78 years old. But by then much damage was done.In fact, the peak of Cheney's power was when he held the vice presidency. Cargo that as the film shows, he only accepted after studying on how to turn it from something he considered insignificant to powerful and without any kind of surveillance. At the same time, it demanded then-candidate Bush the right to take care of a number of strategic areas for the American government, such as energy and the military.Cheney saw the opportunity, as the movie jokes, to become a Galactus, the devourer of worlds in Marvel's comic books. This is how he did it. With the conviction that he was doing the right thing, and the best of Bale's performance is the demonstration of this conviction so real and crystal clear, Cheney turned the world into a worse place by starting a war in Afghanistan against Al-Qaeda to hunt down Osama Bin Laden. But the Bush administration's so-called War on Terror was not enough to win the support of the American population. It took a palatable target for the people. A country with borders and a leader.It was in this way that Cheney united the useful to the pleasing, the desire to remove Saddam Hussein from power, and began a war in Iraq with false information and manipulation of news that convinced even the press and the world's leading leaders. In return, what Cheney gained was the direct responsibility for the creation of one of the largest terrorist organizations in the world: the Isis."Vice" is relentless, didactic and has a cast of actors who only brighten the film further. Bale is a monster in the lead role, but Amy Adams is not far behind making Cheney's wife, Lynne. And there are Steve Carrell and Sam Rockwell very well, as well as actors in smaller roles who have successfully incorporated Mckay's idea of storytelling based on connections with pop culture and agile and light language, even though at various times the film get nauseous.In fact, Mckay would be a good history teacher if he did not make movies. And the auto-ironic scene in post-credit is the icing on the cake. In addition to showing how that period helped inaugurate a culture of fake news that prevails today and that helped to choose names like Donald Trump in the United States and Jair Bolsonaro in Brazil.

A fantastical portyrayal by Bale in another McKay masterpiece whilst shocking in its material that these events could take place. Despite this it is just as witty as his previous material although not quite at the glorious heights of the big short and can't help but laughing at times despite the darkness of the material. Another great political drama added to the ever growing list by this director/writer. Must see!

Christian Bale is perfect as Dick Cheney, from the gravelly Tom Waits kind of voice to the nasty sneer of the nasty SOB. The main problem with the film is the non-linear style which heads back and forth from Cheney's college drinking days to his role in the W presidency, which is already fairly well known. The cast is excellent, especially Steve Carell as W. The film could have been cut down to an even two hours to make it move along better. It is amazing that the subject is still alive after a heart transplant, but I guess the devil takes care of his own.

The flaws of "Vice," a satirical biographical picture of Vice President Dick Cheney, remind me somewhat of the problems with "W.," the 2008 biopic of President George W. Bush. On the surface, both are left-wing critiques of their neo-conservative subjects; yet, they both end up identifying with the personalities of their characters in disquieting ways. In the case of Oliver Stone's earlier effort, the movie itself was as vacuous, if affable, as its portrayal of the 43rd President of the United States. Now, "Vice" depicts Cheney as snide and ruthless in his striving for power and profit, while he displays contempt for others. The movie itself shares a similar disdain for the intelligence of its audience as it snidely attacks the former Vice President and, at the same time, antagonizes the electorate that put him in office--i.e., many of the same people who comprise the audience paying to see "Vice." Having left office with an approval rating of about 13%, one may assume that most people already disliked the man, especially if we acknowledge the role his uncharismatic personality, as well as the politics, plays in that disapproval. Likewise, I can't fully approve of "Vice" when it's similarly snide towards its viewers--treating them as so stupid that they must have their hands held as they are slowly and repeatedly walked through simple political concepts and recent history.A barrage of narrative techniques pound these points into our skulls: various narrators, either seen as characters or only as text, repetitive fourth-wall-breaking direct addresses to the spectator, a fake news personality mixed with real TV news footage, repetition of scenes and moments where we're literally asked whether we remembered something the movie said earlier (e.g. the unitary executive theory bit). Perhaps, the worst sequence--completing a running gag being made of his heart attacks--is of Cheney's heart replacement. It's as if the movie's heart stopped right along with him, with little other than a replaying of clips from prior scenes playing out ad nauseam during the procedure. It's as though we're supposed to be digesting the supposedly-challenging political lesson thus far presented. I could buy this sort of gimmickry in writer-director Adam McKay's prior "The Big Short" (2015), which dealt with the obscurity of credit default swaps, but there's nothing so difficult to understand in "Vice." I'm sure most people, for instance, know exactly what FoxNews is and how it came to be.And if the heart replacement part isn't the worst offender here, it may, instead, be the after-credits scene, which obnoxiously tries to both compare its subject one last time with the current political situation of Trump's presidency and adds one last snipe at movie audiences with its reference to "The Fast and the Furious" franchise. It does this with no apparent sense of irony that after-credits scenes themselves owe their recent popularity to another mega movie franchise in the MCU. And any attempts here to link Cheney to Trump fall flat. Sure, we get it: there's the lying and disregard for democratic institutions, but even putting politics aside, including that Trump, like Obama, ran against the Iraq War and the Bush administration only to thus far partially continue much of the legacy of the War on Terror, the personalities of the two political characters are vastly different. Whereas Cheney may disregard the public's opinion, Trump is all about his brand. At least, Spike Lee understood that in his comparison of Trump to David Duke in "BlacKKKlansman" (2018), including by featuring Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin beginning the film by constructing Klan propaganda. "Vice," on the other hand, devolves into a tit-for-tat in a focus group between a left and a right winger. One might just as well watch FoxNews if they want to see that.On the other hand, the acting is good, especially from Amy Adams and Christian Bale. I'm even amused by the irony that Bale is best known for playing Batman in a trilogy that some critics consider a not-so-thinly-veiled endorsement for neo-conservative policies in the War on Terror--what with a billionaire vigilante resorting to torturing criminals and spying on everyone's cell phones to combat the terrorism of the likes of Bane's Occupy Wall Street movement. Memorably, Bale even inflects his voice for both roles. Additionally, some of "Vice" is funny, and I like some of the style and the plot maneuvering between time periods. Most of all, it's something of an accomplishment just to have produced a biopic of such a detested public figure of recent events that's at least somewhat entertaining and refreshing in its synthesis of the subject.

Such a fascinating and unexpectedly engrossing first half - curiously, actually split in half by "those" end credits - that it's a shame the second is a cliff-notes style simplified mess. And I know that for a lot of audiences, younger viewers especially who either were kids or just didn't really know what was going on from 2000 to 2008, this will may be extra interesting or OMG what was all that but... I have to speak for myself, and it got to be less... Just less the longer it went on.Bale is magnetic, so is Adams who is channeling the same scary energy she had in The Master, Carrell is also a lot of fun, and there's some parts that are funny and startling and it manages to give us about 90% monster and 10% decent human being, which is kind of incredible. But by the end, like Oliver Stone's W (and McKay is channeling Stone far more than Stone did in that film), I wonder what is this person? What does he actually want? Is being a mediocre white man all that its about? Is it only power? Greed doesn't even see to be a big deal here for Cheney, who got rich as all get out from the Halliburton, nevermind the so-called war. So... What is it? The very end when Bale faces the audience may hold a clue(?) I don't know if smug is the word Id use for all of this, but glib is definitely it. And the style of The Big Short, even if it isn't pushed so far, doesn't work for it. It either needed to be full Strangelove (or better yet, the wild and erratic politics of The Favourite which is also out now), or maybe more traditional or focused. It's a B or B minus paper that should be an A. And it isn't.

There are moments in this film that are sheer brillance, as the scene in the dining room when Cheney et. al. are offered their choice of potential torture tactics "on the menu", or when they inter-cut a scene with Cheney-Bush talking with a scene of Cheney reeling in a fish, or when Cheney and his wife are in bed and begin talking to each other as if this were a Shakespearean drama, etc. These scenes are wonderful. But not all the scenes are so well constructed, and often they make their point with a bludgeon instead of a ballpoint. Right wing Republicans will find no joy here and there is a clear liberal slant, but the facts are what they are (e.g., no WMD in Iraq). What stands out for me is the acting of Christian Bale and Sam Rockwell. They are outstanding. Their acting alone is enough reason to watch the film.

The story of America's most infamous vice president, wager of the War on Terror Dick Cheney, is approached with bold satire here by writer-director Adam McKay. Vice acknowledges from the beginning the secretive nature of Dick Cheney and how conjecture is perhaps needed to colour in the edges. Nevertheless, this is a ferociously entertaining film, that lampoons its subject with flashy comedy and stylistic gags. Christian Bale leads as Cheney, caked in impressive makeup. Beneath the prosthetics, however, Bale delivers a stand-out performance, deadly in its quietness and oozing with callous bureaucracy (the actor thanking Satan for inspiration in his Golden Globe acceptance speech is not unfounded). We watch the events of Cheney's life unfold; his unexpected rise from delinquency to vice presidency is told in a biopic that is pleasingly unconventional. Vice is narrated almost like a staid Michael Moore documentary, but is also unfailingly nihilistic, combining the grounded political history within amusing gags. Similarities can be made with McKay's previous film, The Big Short, which also approaches its weighty subject with a cynical mockery that you can't help but grin at. The deeper impact of this film is certainly undermined by the comedy (which at points is almost too light hearted), but Vice still gives a telling nod to the state of politics today without losing its biting humour.
Vice breezes nicely through a sizeable run time, snapping from frame to frame with a manic energy. The structural choices are somewhat zany, but usually add to the film's eccentricity. McKay's writing is unfocused at points and the narrative is far from tight-knit, though this is never at the expense of entertainment. Fourth wall breaks and a memorable scene where the characters break into Shakespearean iambic pentameter are just examples from a film that is wonderfully weird, yet never to the point of ridiculousness. Stylistic ticks like these are less ubiquitous in a final act that relies just a little too much on narration.
Though Vice is carried by Christian Bale, Amy Adams looms with stony determination as the Lady Macbeth-esque Lynne and Steve Carrell's Donald Rumsfeld is as slimy as he is energetic (Sam Rockwell's Oscar-nominated George W Bush, in contrast, feels a little bit Saturday Night Live). Nicholas' Britell's score is luscious and pacey and Greig Fraser's cinematography is as slick as it is shocking (shots of Cheney's comfortable White House meetings snap unsettlingly quickly to flashes of the brutal torture he authorises).
Vice is not perfect, its wackiness occasionally verging on messiness, but it remains a fervid and clever biopic, that uncovers the career of one of America's most reticent yet power hungry politicians with delightfully bruising derision.

A great piece with pieces of a broken idea of nationalism and pride and social institutions.
Not for weak minds or disoriented egos!
Do we still have hope?

I only want to learn history from Adam McKay. As a filmmaker, he has also focused on some awesome comedy, but I find the unique style he applies to these historical dramatizations to be what I love most about his work. He's a teacher, and his methods are top-notch. He has an inspiring knack for putting complicated events into all sorts of contexts which make his subjects approachable and engaging. He uses humor and brilliant visual representations to make difficult concepts understandable. He engages the schema I already knew, he helps me identify the gaps in my knowledge, and he fills them in. His approach to teaching is what we can only dream a public school teacher could do for our next generation.The cast rocked, and I haven't seen everything yet, but people, in my opinion, deserve awards. I think this may have been my personal favorite performance by Christian Bale, which is tough to admit, since I found him so handsome and nuts in American Psycho. His last monologue was some incredible work, and I wished it was longer, which I guess is better than wishing it shorter. (But I still wish it was longer.) Amy Adams was ruthless and engaging, which is big of me to admit, as I've never really been much of a fan. I just want Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell to be in everything, and I also always enjoy up-and-comers Lily Rabe and Alison Pill in really anything, as well. Tyler Perry as Colin Powell was understated; I didn't even realize it was him until the credits, which I was a side of him I appreciated seeing -- he felt committed to the role and fell away from it -- I didn't really know he could do that, so bravo.As for the content, there's really so much to say. I was in college in New York City during Bush 2 and 9/11. Because I was young and I was there, I've always had a strong emotional response to those events, as I'm sure many of us do, I certainly don't mean to discount anyone's experience that day. I've often felt that time period unexplored. Today's culture is so focused on what's now and next, and I guess I can understand that - it can be painful to look back. But still, I've always had so many unanswered questions about that time period. I remember knowing, for sure, and maybe more than ever, that we were being lied to; and it didn't seem possible that the buffoon in charge could have been responsible (aside from his ignorance) - 'cause he didn't seem to have the brains to orchestrate it all. I'm satisfied to have some of those answers on Machiavelli. I'd like to know more about the responsible parties for all that media and marketing, as well.More than that though, and this is what really hit me about the last few minutes of the movie after the credits, is that most of us have no idea what the hell we're really looking back at, and I think we're all quite sick of discussing events that have been so obscured by neo-America. So it's like, someone pulls out 9/11 and someone else is like, please, put it back. 'Cause who really wants to go over what we still no nothing about? I appreciate the film's insistence and best-attempts at uncovering truth, which is why, ultimately, I have to give the movie 10 stars. I really don't know if it got everything right, but damn it did a good job of making some sense out of explanations that I never quite bought. I think it's a slice of truth, and all I want is more. I really can't think of a better purpose for art, whatever the medium, right now.In fact, those last few minutes of the film inspired me further. I refuse any label. (Ok, here it is, my personal soapbox -- feel free to skip this crap.) I am not a liberal. I am someone who wants the truth, plain and simple. I am someone who cares about no issues other than the uncovering of the truth about what our America has done, and is doing, and is. I care about squashing any institutions, politicians, groups, or individuals, on any side of the coin, who seeks to obscure the truth for their own gain. Until we know who we are, how can me ever really know what we stand for? How can conservatism or liberalism exist, how can we take sides, when no one really knows what the heck is actually going on? I refuse to fight, back-and-forth, on divisive issues that continue to obstruct us gaining any perspective on who and what we really are. It's no wonder our country is completely consumed by argument and pulp culture. I've often wondered how learning became so out of fashion, and maybe it's only because we're sick of learning what spin is put on what illusion. (Phew, that's over - hope it wasn't so bad.)At any rate, if anyone cares at all, thanks for the movie. I appreciate when those who have the means seek to help us understand.

This movie was better than big short but i dont think its perfect they focus all the final act to try and give us a message about how bad dick was and i agree he did very bad things but at times it really feel like a propaganda movie

...to watch this movie and NOT hear an old Bruce Wayne when Christian Bale talks.

Christian bale deserves an Oscar for this, the writing is genius, it's a master piece, defenetly a contender for best movie, director, writing original, and actor.

This is a biopic of Dick Cheney (Christian Bale). Like an Oliver Stone film, it takes liberties with the events, creating scenes to explain certain aspects. Unlike a Stone film, you know where it is fictional, such as the restaurant scene. The film opens with Cheney's past as a subplot. We can credit him, at least partially, for creating extreme right-wing media through the elimination of the fairness doctrine. He also pushed the "Unitary Executive Theory" which states the POTUS is above the law and can not commit a crime, something that is in the news with the current administration.Amy Adams made Lynn Cheney likable. Sam Rockwell made George W. Bush look like a clown. James Franco would have been better if that is what they wanted to do. Tyler Perry as Colin Powell. He has played Madea too much for me not to imagine Madea giving his UN speech, "Honey, you don't want to mess with US."There is some narration by a man named Kurt (Jesse Plemons). I don't know if his life was real or a fictional prop.Interesting to say the least to see the use of focus groups for word choice.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.

Cristian B nailed it. There were so many classic Cheney moves that he captures so perfectly. Yes, it would be more compassionate to have shown how he was traumatized and became the creepy monster that he became. But why not show just the damage that he did?

I must say that I am often critical of the state of the motion picture industry today, believing that it lacks in greatness. But then I see movies like VICE that show how movies today can not only meet the standard of what we call greatness, but take things to a whole new level. Evolution is a beautiful thing. Movies like CASABLANCA and THE GODFATHER were the best of their time. But movie fans of 2019 have a lot to appreciate and look forward to in that the quality of some movies seem to be getting better and better. And it's not because of technology. It's because of cleverness, creativity, and good old fashioned story telling. VICE might not be THE GODFATHER of its time, but its a great movie that raises the bar once again. The subject of politics doesn't particularly interest me, otherwise I probably would have ranked this movie higher.

Hollywood is obviously known for their liberal agenda, so it should come to no surprise what their portrayal of a former conservative Vice President will look like on the big screen.Politics aside... Adam Mckay continues a very intriguing story-telling style as seen in The Big Short (also featuring both Bale and Carell) that kept me engaged for the entire run time. His ability to take the little tendencies and mannerisms of each character and blow it out of proportion for humorous purposes was genius. For example, the Bedroom Scene between Lynne and Dick and the restaurant scene with a nice cameo from Alfred Molina. It was a fast paced story that covered a lot about the mans life. And then the third act hits... When showing the time of Cheney actually in office, the story seemed to be a bit cluttered. It did a poor job of showing how time had passed once he accepted the Vice Presidency from George W. Bush. Other than that I absolutely love Mckay's story telling style, I can see how it might be a bit much for some and that may be off putting but if you love the way The Big Short was filmed you'll like this. Even though once again The Big Short is the better movie and isn't as over-the-top as this movie.The acting. Oh, the acting. Bale proves once again that he is not only one of the best actors working today but one of the best actors of all-time. Personally, will be a close draw with Bradley Cooper for best actor in a leading role (Rami Malek right behind them). He escapes into the role as Cheney and delivers one of his best performances. Everyone was trying to figure out how Leo hadn't gotten an Oscar until he finally got one in the Revenant in 2016. I'm trying to figure out how Amy Adams hasn't gotten one (5 time Oscar Nominee). She has always been one of my favorites and from the other supporting actresses I've seen in other films this year, she has the Oscar on lock down this year. Her ability to both command a scene and add onto Bale's performance was nothing short of perfect. Steve Carrell was also a big stand out to me as Donald Rumsfeld. He continues to prove that he has the widest range of any actor working today.Now remember, this review is setting aside politics. For those of you truly wondering , it does paint Cheney as a "heartless" person (near the end of the movie it pretty much blames him for any bad thing that has ever happened in America after his service in office was over). The movie is worth a watch though due to the performances, story-telling style and witty humor that supports the characters. 8/10, B-.

The rise to political power of Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) is highlighted beginning in 1963 when his future looked bleak and peaking during his term as US Vice-President from 2000 to 2008.There are some ways this film is a paradox. At over two hours, it seems that too much is covered. On the other hand, there are times it seems that too little is covered.Like other political biopics "Nixon" (1995) and "The Iron Lady" (2011), "Vice" is about a well-known polarizing figure whose impact on many people was strong. The two earlier films delved into the insecurities of their lead characters while "Vice" covers too little in this area. But in fairness, like the other two films, "Vice" does show the human side of the focused political figure, thus rightly avoiding one-dimensional villain stereotyping while pulling no punches on the villainous acts that did take place. Cheney is clearly dedicated to his family including a daughter whose life situation is far from what is traditionally accepted in his Republican party.While some of the players of Bush Jr. administration are acknowledged during pivotal times like 9-11 and the Iraq War, the important role of Condoleezza Rice is reduced to a few minor moments in meetings. But despite flaws, "Vice" has notable strengths. Bale is quite solid in the lead role. He ages well (with great make-up experts) in a period of over forty years. Also, his final monologue is mesmerizing. And as Dick's wife Lynne, Amy Adams does a very good job as a woman of great talent stunned in a time period when such women had very few opportunities to meet their own potential.While much negative attention is aimed at the current US presidency, "Vice" reminds us that one of the most monstrous presidential administrations took place not long ago. Many innocent people are still paying the price for it. - dbamateurcritic

I almost feel sorry that I only had to pay 6 Euro's to see this film in a good cinema in Stuttgart. I even had the best seat in the freaking room. I'm not gonna complain though, but that's a scandalously great deal.But on to the actual movie review.
So, this is one of the best films I have seen in 2018 without a doubt.
It is consistently interesting, surprising, shocking, humorous, and it even takes a lot of chances that in my opinion played off. It's very daring and does not give a flip about being nice or appealing to masses. It says what it feels is right to say, and I agree with it and wholly respect how unapologetic it all is. This is the movie we needed right now, at least that is how I feel about it.
Everyone in the room was absolutely stunned by the end of it, me obviously included, completely taken and in deep thought. Not knowing if we should laugh or cry. Someone right behind my seat cried. From what I could understand, when she was whispering to her friend, she might have been American. So there is that. I get that this could be even a little more intense as an American. Because who knows, maybe something that happened, and is depicted in Vice, affected someone very directly in her family or something like that. Never know. Also without anything like that I fully get that reaction. Dick Cheney certainly made his mark on the world, and he was pretty much unstoppable, even though he should have actually been easy to spot as someone that is too careless and somewhat void of emotions for such a powerful job.
Now back to the movie at large again;
The editing is absolutely brilliant and takes chances. It's something really fresh and is very effective.
All the actors deliver above great performances and the direction is just as great. So is the writing and cinematography. It all works together so well to create a complete result.
And I even think there was enough of humanizing of its characters going on.
Some people thought there was none of that in here, and that it is just completely on the left side of things, but I disagree. It is not quite that.
It surely is very direct and not at all squeamish, but I love that.
And I don't get why so many are offended personally by it. I just don't. That actually seems selfish to me.To put it all into a few last sentences; this is a impressive example of great cinema, that is both relevant, and fresh, at the same time. It also is very thought-provoking and as relevant as it gets. It's almost perfectly executed, but not quite, because it has some scenes in the middle that I thought lacked something. But maybe I will feel differently about that on a second viewing. I can't wait to see it again, oddly enough. Yes, it is a tough watch, and the film so striking, I get that surely not everyone can handle that.
Though, I'm not saying just becuase you might not like this film you are automatically a dick. Hah. Nope, really not. But Vice definitely works for me... the ideas behind it, the intent, how it was put together... really everything.
I'm very impressed.

There was very little humor aside from Rumsfield. It came off like a mockumentary without the mocking.The acting is phenomenal and it is worth watching for Christian Bale and Amy Adams. The best example of not funny is the shotgun scene (it's on the previews). There was a great setup but no punchline. This really should bot be getting the hype that is out there. It is mediocre at best. Not an Oscar best picture.

The movie (in general) was well done. But, there is too much history revising to align with modern leftist spin. However, the criticisms of the right were excellent and mostly well targeted.There's a speech by Amy Adams about being oppressed because she's not a CEO (contrast this with "the declining paradox of female happiness" - the largest study on women's happiness in the last 50 years - which contradicts Amy's history revising portrayal).If a movie lies in some details, what else is a lie? Amy Adams' performance casts a shadow over the whole movie. I remember a lot of the Weapons of Mass Destruction fiasco and it was well portrayed. It's a shame the writers chose to revise the film with leftist politics (and I say this as an ex-leftie who is tired of history being revised).If you can look past Amy Adams' performance, there's a decent film here. Bale does an excellent job. His performance is supported by some excellent humour. Sam Rockwell is sterling as George W Bush.The film is worth watching, just keep an eye out for the history revision. It undermines public confidence in the rest of the movie.

The Actors were ready, the director got their shots in, the writers had something solid, and the editor of the film was all over the place where I didn't know how to feel about the film when it was over. I think with a stronger edit, it would have been the film we saw in the trailer...didn't hate it, nor did I love it, more of a Meh experience. The Actors deserve a better edit, for this film.

In this day and age of countrywide TDS ( c'mon, everyone has a little of it ) comes this uncompromising hateful screed from writer director Adam McKay featuring a standout performance from Christian Bale as former anti-Christ from the right Dick Cheney. Bale perfectly captures look, nuance and voice while McKay fills in the dark shadows and provides us with visions of US war crimes against the timid souls of the earth by the likes of this American Darth Vader. Slicker and less sloppy than an Ollie Stone Presidential, anti-American slander it's comic and satiric possibilities collapses almost immediately from the blind hatred McKay holds for his "protagonist," the smug unctuous suits and a drunken, dumb as a post George Bush the Second.
Utilizing a heart donor as his omnipotent narrator McKay opens with Cheney as a surly "deplorable" lineman, with an ambitious wife (Amy Adams) who slaps the weakling into shape. Then from pole to pol McKay drags Cheney through the mud from one reel to next with Lady Macbeth in tow pulling him upstream while dark figures with familiar names insinuate evil actions.
The character assassination does not end with just Cheney and his wife. Bush (Sam Rockwell) is treated as a dim witted drug store cowboy shaking in his boots under the spell of Svengali Cheney while special attention is reserved for Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carell) as a foul mouthed, cynical climber, career in tatters cowering in a file closet at film's end. It is a far cry from the far more corroborated story of Rumsfeld courageously assisting during the Pentagon attack (covered in the film) than this fiction and more or less sums up the gross dishonesty of McKay which to be honest is never in doubt. His Jimmy Carter shout out, albeit brief and unintentional might be the film's funniest moment but also how out of touch our earnest auteur is with his subject matter.Vice is a cautionary big bad wolf telling for those in the throes of Trump Dysfunction Syndrome with the usual boogeymen out to get them. They can relieve their paranoia and justify their resistance for a moment through this manipulation by McKay who conveniently makes his case with a bogus narrator and a claim that Bin Laden did not hook up with another terrorist because he did not like his mom. Only from Weinstein Hollywood. Should definitely clean up overseas.

"Vice" has no human element in it. You simply can't follow people around and mock them the whole time -- it doesn't work. When the Cheney in the movie asks the Rumsfeld in the movie, "But, what do we believe?" and the Rumsfeld in the movie laughs (something I saw mentioned in a review, so I should've known), it doesn't make any sense. People don't *talk* that way. And understanding how these key figures think and act is crucial.It's as unrewatchable as Oliver Stone's "JFK" (and makes Spike Lee's flawed "Malcolm X" still seem like a *movie*). You simply can't wind characters up, cast them, shoot the whole thing, and then edit it together like it's a documentary going "See?" the whole time or you end up with a mess like this, where every choice seems (and *becomes*) arbitrary because there's no other dramatic choice being made but to cajole you. For someone who's overwhelmingly on the side of the filmmakers' project, all I felt was resentment. This is what you call a polemic -- a charge often levelled at Michael Moore as a filmmaker (like in the case of his recent if not-quite-excellent then still-pretty-good "Fahrenheit 11/9"), but his movies still *move*.PLUS: If you don't know what "Operation Scorpion" is, Google it. (It makes all the dialogue in the movie about the debate over going to Iraq appear fallacious.) It's the Cheney/Rumsfeld/Wolfowitz plan to go after Saddam from before *they even took office*, going back to what might call their late '90s, "think tank" days. (If you wanna know why, it's because Saddam took Iraqi oil off the dollar, and put it on the Euro. That simple.)You'd learn more from the Jonah Hill movie "War Dogs" (by the director of "The Hangover," no less) about why we went to Iraq than this movie, because that one just focuses on an evocative and telling slice of life, rather than this overboard overview. Ditto "The Devil's Playground" (about Uday Hussein's double, who had at *least* one, like did his dad, and his brother Qu'say, and Hitler, and Stalin -- you could say it's page one of "The Dictator's Handbook," to protect against assassination attempts!).Needless to say, I had really liked "The Big Short," so I had higher expectations for this one. Sometimes you just gotta have source material, I guess!

Did Dick Cheney's invasion of Iraq spawn ISIS? The refugee crisis? The deluge of terror attacks in the years since? It certainly seems so, and this film makes a powerful, totally factual case for it. Despite being a registered a Republican -- or at least, someone who believes in the values the GOP professes to stand for -- it seems incontrovertible that this man Dick Cheney et al. destroyed whatever hope we had left for the conservative movement by being so repugnantly greedy (Cheney) and tragically stupid (George W.) with the invasion of Iraq, fiscal irresponsibility, and white shoe corruption that they oversaw.But did these two dunces cause the wildfires in California? Or the illegal immigration problems at the South of the border? Come on.. Whatever Trump is doing may be idiotic, but in order to make your point, particularly to a hostile audience, you must be extremely precise with facts. The last five minutes threw an otherwise excellent film into an ideological frenzy -- for a few seconds (in the rapid sequence of cutscenes) it stooped to the level of pettiness that it was trying to criticize in the first place.This made the final post-credits scene then quite ironic; yes, the film has a liberal bias, but that is irrelevant as long as it is all factual. And it was -- until the last five minutes, and other few moments throughout the film, in which Mr. McKay was unable to control the urge to blame EVERYTHING on a bad, bad man, just because he has evidence to show that he was indeed responsible for some things.For this, I docked a couple stars.But overall, this movie is bitingly funny, an instant satirical classic, with a (mostly) honest and important message. Definitely worth seeing, in theaters if you can, just to see the extraordinary Christian Bale in all his bloated glory... :)

Vice President Dick Cheney's life is creatively recounted in this bullish political biopic. Written and directed by Adam McKay, Vice (2018) is bolstered by incredible performances by its lead cast, but hindered by strange and often jarring film techniques that pull your attention away from the drama. Both Christian Bale and Amy Adams show once again why they are among the best actors of our time by saving what could have otherwise been another mediocre polemic against the Bush Administration.As the film opens, Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) is a young man struggling to find his place in the world and teetering on the brink of alcoholism. His wife, Lynn (Amy Adams), gives him an ultimatum to clean up his act. Cheney gets a job as an intern in Washington, DC and is fatefully taken under the wing of Congressman Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carell), who becomes the youngest Secretary of Defense in U.S. history under President Gerald Ford. For a time, the two men's fortunes seem to go hand in hand.After seemingly retiring from politics, Cheney is approached by presidential candidate George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell), to be his running mate. Cheney manipulates the gullible Bush into handing him unprecedented control in the executive branch. He uses his influence to fill various White House positions with loyalists, and virtually runs the administration from behind the scenes, when he's not recovering from numerous heart attacks. There he pushes "unitary executive theory," which seeks to hand greater control to the President, and by extension, himself.Vice interweaves these political machinations with Cheney's personal struggles. At home, he tries to juggle his deep love for his two daughters, Mary (Alison Pill) and Liz (Lily Rabe), while shielding them from the public eye. When Liz decides to enter politics, Cheney must decide between supporting her (and her position against same-sex marriage) and his longtime support for Mary, who is a lesbian. This more intimate look at Dick Cheney's life almost translates into a sympathetic portrayal. At least, his motivations are more relatable.Born Richard Bruce Cheney, the historical 'Dick' was raised in Nebraska and Wyoming. He failed out of Yale but graduated with a Master's in Political Science from the University of Wyoming. He was White House Chief of Staff for President Gerald Ford, a U.S. Representative from Wyoming for ten years, Secretary of Defense under President George H.W. Bush, and then Vice President under Bush's son, President George W. Bush. He was also CEO of an oil company called Halliburton from 1995 to 2000. Though he's been called the most powerful Vice President in U.S. history, his cantankerous personality and uncompromising support for unpopular policies tarnished his legacy.Filmmaker Adam McKay cherry-picked scenes from Cheney's life to construct his narrative, and he imagined personal moments not even Cheney himself has spoken about, but McKay acknowledged these limitations. In one scene, Cheney and his wife speak Shakespearean dialogue in bed, because there's no way to really know what they talked about in those moments. It's hard to condemn him for that. However, I've written about McKay's bizarre implication that Lynn Cheney's dad had something to do with her mother's death, and that kind of creative license is a lot less justifiable. Watch Vice with a grain of salt.It would be difficult not to compare this film with Oliver Stone's W. (2008) a similar biopic, albeit of President George W. Bush. In W., Vice President Dick Cheney is portrayed less convincingly by Richard Dreyfuss. As a supporting role, Chaney fades into the background and in one particular scene is put in his place by President Bush,who tells him not to be so vocal at meetings. Cheney's history and close relationship with Donald Rumsfeld is barely mentioned.In his defining moment, however, Oliver Stone's Cheney becomes a cartoonish supervillain as he lays out his vision for an American empire in the Middle East. Cheney's motivations in Vice are much more visceral. You feel his compulsion to defeat America's enemies by any means necessary, even if the threats loom larger in his mind than in reality. Vice's Cheney would have W.'s for lunch.Vice currently holds a 64% positive rating from critics and 57% audience favorability on RottenTomatoes. Despite generally positive reviews, it grossed $9.9 million in its opening weekend on a $60 million budget. Ouch. Maybe Vice isn't the masterpiece it pretends to be but Brian Tallerico was too harsh when he wrote: "For people even remotely engaged in the national political landscape for the last two decades, 'Vice' offers nothing new to consider." This film offers a rare glimpse behind the curtain at a vice president who wielded tremendous influence almost completely out of the public eye. It's worth the price of admission.

The world today is a politically charged place and with it comes a war of opinions, views, and media mayhem that many thrive on. So of course we have Hollywood raring to go, bringing a production of its own to toss into the game and hopefully wow. So Robbie K is here to give his opinions on that movie as he reviews the latest film:Movie: Vice (2018)Director:
Adam McKay
Writer:
Adam McKay
Stars:
Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Steve Carell
LIKES:The Makeup
The Editing
The Presentation, somewhat
The Pace
The Acting
The ExplanationsSummary: Hands down my appreciation of this movie starts in the art of making the characters come to life in their looks. Hollywood's resources of time traveling makeup artists continue to be abundant as Vice brings their talents to new levels. Creating Chaney in all his ages alongside his family is spectacularly done, transforming Bale and his colleagues into the various political players of the game. It's sleek, it's beautiful and worthy of an Oscar award in my opinion.
Past that though, the rest of the movie is very well presented at parts to grant you a political biography that is certainly comedic at times. The editing work of integrating their characters into real life footage is certainly impressive, keeping you immersed into the film without losing too much screen time for the actors. Speaking of which, the acting is super well done, with Bale obviously getting top billing for how well he matched Chaney's mannerisms and presentation quite well from the footage I've seen. The rest of the cast supports them well in this semi-political farce working to bring the turmoil of the political warfare into the screen.
Yet the thing this reviewer appreciates in regards to the presentation, outside of the impressive recreation of events and use of footage, is the sort of semi-narrative taking place to explain what is going on. The history of acts, scandals, and who was involved in what escapes me since leaving high school, but this movie is there to fill in the gaps. As the narrator takes you through the times in a semi-quick pace, one begins to learn the various acts and ratifications Chaney went through in his supposed goals and plans. As such, one should have a small compass to guide them through all the red tape and get to the end, even if you are not up to date on the latest history of our politicians. Thus, it's not too hard or boring to follow.DISLIKES:The Presentation At Times
Episodic At Times
More Integration Of Other Characters
The Jaded EnergySummary: When it comes to artistic style, you give them points for originality and creativity, but that indirect manner sometimes was a little convoluted. The back and forth between time periods, the representation of Chaney fishing, and the nonlinear presentation muddied up the water for an already heavy story. In addition, all of Chaney's historical "triumphs" felt very chopped up, the episodic principles sort of thrown up in the air and landing in bite sized pieces that had just enough sustenance to whet your appetite, but not provide the most power it had for the drama component that I think the trailers painted.
Instead the film focused more on the comedy aspects, sort of looking to point out Chaney's involvement in politics from a certain point of view. For one thing, the characters were very extreme, grandiose displays of political characters that while impressively acted, was a little lacking in terms of the characters the trailer painted. The comical approach is certainly unique, but I guess I was expecting a little more of the biography component than the farce they chose to approach. Certainly, the biggest limitation for audience members might be the jaded energy this movie has to offer. Like the new stations of cable television, this film presented Chaney's reign from a certain angle, some of which is based on truth and some of which could be Hollywood magic. If you are a particular side of the political spectrum, you might just find yourself angry with the movie, rather than entertained or engaged by the political venue displayed.The VERDICT:The Critics certainly have got the right idea about praising Vice as the work of art in terms of editing, acting, and make up get mad praise for the investment made in these areas. Yet in terms of the story and drama the trailers painted for me, the film doesn't quite agree with the atmosphere in the trailer for me. If you agree with the views of this team, the film will be right up your alley, but depending on your political alignment and your views on Chaney, the jaded presentation may not be the style you want. So is this movie worth the trip to the theater. The answer is kind of, but only if you are ready for a dryer comedy version of the Fox or CNN News presentation. Otherwise, wait for this one to come to home viewing.My Scores are:Biography/Comedy/Drama: 6.0-6.5
Movie Overall: 5.0

Spending a lot of time watching a disgusting low life Dick Cheney is truly sickening. So many more positive things and people in life than someone like Cheney who is without any kind of values Cheney and his the like of him are destroying a once great country the same way ancient Rome met its demise. Greed perversion lies manipulation and avoiding the truth as if it were the plague. Cheney and Bush are the story of living a life without authenticity or basic human values of giving of helping those in need. Cheney has no problem at all in literally killing other people of this world in the name of American nationalism. All this to demonstrate America has power adn will use it on any country it feels like and will kill just to let countries in the world know they will murder anyone anytime .

Not credible. Frantic cutting. Blames Cheney for all he ills of society for the last few decades. Very shallow, adding little to our understanding of his motives.

I'm not a huge movie person but I enjoyed this a good deal.Well worth a watch

First of all Cristian Bale delivered! To be honest movie feels a bit rushed, can feel that some footage is missing, some editing decisions are not quit there, BUT movie once again reminds me past events from an interesting perspective, as a man who worked in government, I can say people really don't have a clue about things, some are bigger fish who are eating smaller ones and some are small fish who are fighting for nothing, and the rest of population living in other dimension and just hope that somebody understand something. But this movie once again reminds me all this BS in our sociaity, yes maybe most of facts are not 100% accurate, and I don't say it's better, I think in reality situation is mutch worse (in some cases). Thanks for movie...

Diane and I saw this wrenching film yesterday, and I hated reliving the very early Otties in American history. The period of this film is an immense disgrace in American history, and I make no apology for thinking this way; America put the world through a shameful period of years and the world, in general, was caught up in their disastrous reasoning.All this that I think about the substance of the film goes nowhere in any way of deprecating the mechanics of the movie. The Director did a superb job in manipulating these extraordinary actors that brought this film to fife.Further, the screenplay itself was faultless while the film was able to follow the elaborate directions from Director, Adam McKay. All of the actors were as good as their string of award nominations have proven.My overriding distaste for the actions of these political monsters that were so well orchestrated by the people that made this marvellous film in no way detracts from the merits of this. I am amazed that they could bring to such a collection of evildoers a life that almost makes palatable.

Vice: In this film you encounter the real Dick Cheney and learn how he usurped Dubya's presidency, effectively becoming Prime Minister with Dubya as the ceremonial President. Director and screenwriter Adam McKay gives us a Cheney biopic which is very much a dark comedy. Showing how Cheney (Christian Beale) moved from being a drunk who loses his Yale scholarship to becoming the de facto ruler of the USA. None of this would have been possible without his wife Lynne (Amy Adams) truly a Lady MacBeth (they even recite Shakespeare to each other in bed), she gets Dick to drop anyone who gets in his way, eventually even his daughter.McKay uses various devices (eg a lion taking down an impala) to illustrate Cheney's greed and determination, sometimes what works in a Michael Moore documentary just falls flat in a drama though. But the powerful performances of Beale and Adams carry this film, an interesting 132 minutes. 8/10.

Epic ,poignant,revealing and original outstanding acting and camera .political bombshell of satire.

It's definitely scattershot but it's still a shocking and extremely gripping true story with an incredible performance from Christian Bale and great supporting performances from Amy Adams and Steve Carrell. It also has a surprisingly successful amount of humour and fourth wall breaking sequences.

This is a very important almost documentary film explaining that part of modern history that most Americans either have turned a blind eye to, refused to accept and even denied, and yet this film is not about falsification of history but the contrary.Christian Bale as Cheney succeeds in creating a devastating portrait of a complete opportunist who found his opportunity and did not hesitate to make the most of it, with devastating consequences for the entire world. For some reason he persists in wheezing all the way, making the character even more revolting, and already as Batman you could never understand why he had to wheeze all the time. Is there anything wrong with his voice? You certainly begin to suspect something like that. But the character is awesome and actually reminds you sometimes of Orson Welles' character of Citizen Kane - the same total obsession with a delusional sense of power.In the beginning he is just a good for nothing, a line worker in Wyoming, kicked out of Yale for getting drunk all the time, but his life turned in an interesting direction when he met Donald Rumsfeld, the best actor of the film (Steve Carell). They then worked together all the way into the White House, until Cheney had to kick Rumsfeld out when everything was lost, Bush Junior with the biggest king size caca on his hands in the history of America, the Orient devastated with 600,000 civil victims, the rise of Isis and islamic radicalism and so on. Bush Junior won the presidency with only +500 votes with a recount of the votes of Florida, (where Bush Junior's brother was governor with some influence,) forbidden by the Supreme Court, dominated by Republicans. Bush Junior as a former alcoholic was next to totally incompetent as president, wherefore he left it all to Dick Cheney, who made the best of it, seeing his life's chance to do something for the American oil oligarchy, and 9/11 became the springboard. The oil fields of Iraq make out the only reasonable motive for what happened. A majority of investigations indicate constantly more clearly and undeniably the probability that 9/11 was triggered by the Bush Junior administration to enable the American oil oligarchs to get rich from the Iraqi oil fields. In the film the most enduring scene is also the shortest, but will nevertheless stick forever in your mind, when the oligarchs mete out the Iraqi oil fields between themselves, just before 9/11. There couldn't be a more obvious motive. What you can't understand is how Tony Blair, PM of Britain, could allow himself to be duped by so obvious a deception by such a pathetic character as Bush Junior.The music (Nicholas Britell) of the film is also very good, and most fascinating is the other story of the soldier Kurt, who is allowed to tell his story, which eventually meets Dick Cheney's. It's not only Bush Junior's vice president who is on trial here but the entire Republican establishment of oil oligarchs, their villainy exposed in an eye-opener of considerable dimensions. A film like this deserves a whole world of praise.

Even after all the smoke has cleared about the Iraq WMD scandal it wasn't clear to me what DC's exact role was except that he played some Machiavellian role in the Iraq fiasco. This complete and fast moving biopic often hilariously and sometimes tragically tells his story from rise to present. All the blame for the mess in the Middle East now is totally laid at his feet and his role in the Iraq invasion and in W's administration is carefully illuminated. A variety of story telling techniques is used. There are many astounding insights including Lynne Cheney's role.The make up is fantastic. Christian is made up to be an uncannily lookalike. He acts well with the crooked grin and all. I know he wanted to imitate DC's speech but it's hard to make out his words occasionally. Amy is transformed to this round faces Lady Macbeth. Condi, Colin Powell etc are dead ringers. Only Steve Carell doesn't look enough like Rumsfeld.Whether you agree totally with the interpretation of the facts or not this is a fascinating movie.

Adam Mckay follows on from 'The Big Short' to deliver yet another chilling contemporary comedy. A well-researched and well executed film with great performances from the core cast. The frequent reminders of the fact that this film is based on recent verified history add a sinister touch to comedic elements which excites the viewing experience.

It was amazing couldn't recommend it enough the acting is amazing, creative directing, and some pretty funny scenes to break up the drama. go out and watch it

Top class movie with excellent performances by Bale , Adams and a very very good Sam Rockwell as George W Bush. Interesting, entertaining and surprising. I suspect a few Oscars for this one.

Vice was quite well done...Makes viewer see how much politicians manipulate reality and apparently Cheney, played awesomely by Christian Bale, was an expert. He puppeted a willing and very dense Bush, who was played by my favorite Sam Rockwell tho I won't hold it against him since he performed so accurately.
A bit of a burlesque, at times hilarious (Will Ferrel producer effect) and frightfully, depressingly real (Brad Pitt producer effect) at other times. An obvious liberalist theme that nevertheless screams 3 dimensional political corruption nationwide.
Other parties clearly need to do a better job with slight of the tongue...whole new insight into the real purpose for focus groups, town hall techniques...
Damn wished I'd had stock in Halliburton😜

As oscar is approaching ,we can all predict the possible nominations....and Christian Bale will get one...which can be said without any doubt.
Frankly speaking "Vice" is a disappointment if measured with the standards which Mckay and Bale has set by their previous collaboration "The big short".The film tries hard to be smart and funny and witty but hardly succeeds.Just like Aksahye Khanna did in "The accidental Prime Minister"..narrating the film directly to audience...Jesse Plemons (Kurt) has done the same...except the attempt is meaningless..and an again a unsuccesful attempt of creativity.Sam Rockwell as George Bush jr has nothing to do in the film.Amy Adams has played a beautiful role in the film as Lynne Chaney(Dick Chaney's wife)..a constant firm support for Dick Cheney (Bale).It is quite refreshing to see Steve Carell in this new look,he hogs the limelight whenever he appears at the screen.The performance of Christian Bale is as usual brilliant...and we cannot but ignore how he has effortlessly plunged in the depth of the role ,but still it is not the best of Bale ,and probbably he will lose out to Rami Malek at the oscars this year.The film relies on very few goods and has succumbed to which Gary Oldman's "the darkest hour" has been a victim of.

Very well made film, simply marinated in political self righteousness. It should be enjoyed thoroughly by the apolitical, the very left wing, or those who simply despise the Republican party. For me, it was difficult to watch.

ViceMcKay's avant-garde vision of the controversial political debate may or may not be accurate but scoffing off the strings, the film, the independent project, shows passion and talent blending in for cherishing few laughs. On humor, it is very hard to beat McKay, weaving out the too-much-political jibber-jabber into a nail biting drama is his first and foremost job, that he makes sure he excels at. There are husbandry gags so witty and hilarious that it mocks the genre itself, when felt to divert the shady or speculative part of the plot to a big extravagant of puppet (literally!), he uses a theme of equivalency medium to communicate on layman terms.Like when Bale schemes his way up with banal theories of puppets in White House or an eerie homage to Shakespeare or a climatic first act that is nailed down to the credits. McKay's ferocious commitment and confident on his script, is what illuminates it on a much larger scale. The political climate which the film is dipped into isn't just left to inspire or create awareness for the current political climate control, but as an individual persona that Bale is cloaked of, fiddles on where to draw the margin of good or bad as a singular being.As far as the structure is concerned, it is pretty much basics, Bale climbs his way up to the ladder by pushing off one or two and being challenged ethically before he ends up losing not only himself but things much more precious to him. The narration is not only meticulous but also funny and fresh to follow, in fact, it may resemble somewhat to Stone's Any Given Sunday, but fortunately the humorisc editing and direction tactics helps McKay stay on the safer side of the coin. Bale being hyped by the media and fans for his bizarre physical transformation clears out any speculations of his choice in our minds within first few minutes.His depressed, overly thought out and dodgy character that he maps out on screen, has a perspective of his own. He seems more Chaney than Chaney himself. Plastering a half grin on his face and speaking with less opened mouth as much as possible, he may not be able to melt you down but he sure can ooze power to a point where you might start getting afraid of him. And the characters that writhes around him, including Carell as the sort-of-mentor role has very little do along with Rockwell as the Bush, who too is a victim of a similar infection.The only challenging and competitive character against Bale is Adams as the backbone of his, has done an amazing work as his supporter. What the film fumbles upon is having the ability to transact from one sequence to another, there is no flow to the storytelling, no matter how hard McKay convinces you with his camera work. One of the best bit of the film is the narrator whose mysterious appearances keeps you intrigued into this one big speech. Vice should have been a general phenomenon, instead it is Bale's film, from head to toe.

I looked at other reviews of this movie before I went to see it. I expected a Political Farce and in a way it is one. When I saw Adam Scott who created The Anchorman, Ricky Bobby (Taladega Nights), and a lot of other Will Farrell films wrote the script, I expected Comedy. With Brad Pitt and Farrell producing it, I expected a lot of laughs. While there are some laughs here, the film is really a political lightening rod and more.Cheney's friends, insiders all, helped George W Bush win the Florida recount according to this movies account.Vice President Dick's power is more of an insider power than even these film makers imagined. Of course now there are some issues today these events shaped which are not addressed here, but at times the film overpowers the viewer with it's musings. It illustrates very well why this country not only has not changed but why we can not make progress.For those who wanted Hillary Clinton to be President, it goes over the highlights of her speech supporting the Iraq war (archive footage). In other words, if the Republicans and this Vice President are responsible for the Iraq war, the Clinton Republican in sheeps clothing ( Hillary is a former Walmart Board member) along with other Democrats at the time were together in this power elite alliance. That is the problem with the Democrats still in power, while they pointed the finger at Dick, they actually supported him insupporting the Iraq invasion effort. This explains the problems created in foreign relations during Obamas term when ignorant power elite put Clinton into a responsible role (Bengazi) she could not and did not handle resulting in some tragic deaths.In a major spoiler, at the end is the best punch line of all time. "Liberals always require facts." I had to laugh at that. Liberals rarely require facts. Liberal Science states that "Increasing taxes and throwing money at the Climate Change Problems will fix the problems." Throwing money at problems only hides them, and it never fixes anything. Money is used to reshape facts and make it look like the problems are getting fixed.This film paints the fact that the power elite always get what they want and Vice President Dick got even more than that as part of that elite. Facts do not stop the elite. Not only does this film make them up, but this film shows the line between the elite and the rest of us starkly, and is produced by those very same elite, The film almost makes Cheney look like a hero when Mary tells him she is gay and he says "We love you no matter what."The film does make nice use of archive footage to paint Dick Cheney's life.
It starts with his DWI drive as a youth, to his near failure as a man until his wife scolds him and knocks him out of it. Cheney's power under Nixon and Ford is explored some, and in ways I have never seen on screen before. In a way it illustrates the way Nixon and the elite put Ford into power so he would pardon Nixon. That pardon is a real disaster of American History, and Cheney helped.The recount of 911 with Cheney's role in the response is shown, as well as his support of the response. Since the facts focus on Cheney, 911 gets a little short changed. Barack Obama gets sworn in (archive footage) and then the film focus shifts to Cheney's health and continuous focus is put on the abuse of power created by the powers assumed by the President (at the request of Cheney according to the film) that destroyed Americans privacy. The film goes on to Cheney's heart transplant and to 2016 and 2017.An important point skipped is that with Barack Obama as President and one party rule, invasion of privacy's powers given W Bush after 911 for the President were extended when they were supposed to expire by that party. The film dwells on these invasion of privacy powers at the end of the film and the fact it is still there, despite the Democrats chance to let those powers expire when Obama took office.Cheney is a part of the ignorant power elite, not the entire problem which is much bigger than him. When your knowledgeable enough to realize this, you can appreciate this movie more than anyone can imagine. (And this explains current issues very well) Did Cheney run W Bushs Admin?This movie does not solve any problems. It does show why power and corruption by an ignorant power elite class beyond Dick Cheney have created a more dangerous world today.An ignorant Corrupt Power Elite will kill us long before Climate Change will, and much quicker. That is the strange depressing message this movie delivers, totally by accident.Rather than condemning Cheney alone, it condemns an entirely disfunctional system.I thought that Cheney's shot gun was supposed to be the blast accident I got from this film, when I saw the trailer."Surprise, Surprise, Surprise!"

Christian Bale knocks it out of the park with a character that he clearly took much care in studying and mastering... to degrade this movie for its artistic style or political leanings is folly. A powerhouse performance interspersed with Tarantino esq farcical segues. Great performances and a fresh art direction, truly well done. I don't usually write reviews, I was disgusted by some of the low ratings given here for all the wrong reasons. Respect should be given where it is due, the performances and direction of this movie are due respect.

The opening before the credits was not only unnecessary but poorly filmed/edited. However, things dramatically improved from there. Adam McKay does it again, with a sometimes funny, sad, thought provoking film. The acting is wonderful with Christian Bale providing a stunning performance as Dick Cheney; surely will obtain an Oscar nomination and should be a shoo in to win it.A wonderful cameo from Alfred Molina and various originality's in the film make it a great experience.The only issue is, for Republicans or conservative leaning people, it's probably not something they'll warm to.

When I saw the first trailer for "Vice", I was both intrigued and a little scared by the odd tone. Was this going to be a serious movie, or somewhat of a farce? The answer, it seems, after seeing it, is "both".For a basic plot summary, "Vice" tells the story of Dick Cheney's (Christian Bale) improbable rise to a power position within American politics. Focusing heavily on the support from wife Lynne (Amy Adams) and the friendship with Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carrell), this film sees Cheney rise from Nixon's administration to easily the most power Vice President of all-time under George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell).Before I take a bit more of a negative tone, let me be very clear on one thing: this is a solid film that is both entertaining and a bit sobering at the same time. Cheney's story is an important one in the landscape of U.S. politics, and director/writer Adam McKay captures all the key moments and provides the necessary context. Dick Cheney consolidated more political power than any non-President (and perhaps even some Commanders-in-Chief) in history, and that is worthy of the focus here. Based strictly on material alone, this is perhaps a 10/10 star effort for me.But there's also the matter of the film's odd presentation to deal with, as I take two exceptions with the oddball style:1. I feel like the material was strong enough to "play it straight" without the gimmicks. The only reason I can think of for such an odd presentational style is that the filmmakers were scared that a more serious style would scare some viewers away. Simply put, all the bells and whistles weren't needed (from my perspective).2. I had no trouble becoming invested in this film because I believe its overall message to be true. However, for those not of a more left-leaning or progressive slant, "Vice" cares not one iota for filtering its stances a bit or taking the edge off of them. Basically, what I am saying here is that conservatives or right-leaners will be extremely uncomfortable from the get-go, as the film often does take a rather farcical tone. Strictly the filmmakers' choice, of course, but again I would argue that a straight-down-the-middle film could have been more successful at engaging viewers of multiple political persuasions.From either perspective, however, the acting is truly incredible and manages to wipe away most of the odd tonal shifts. Bale once again transforms (physically and mannerism-wise) into his character, while Adams steals the show for a time as the supportive wife figure. The entire auxiliary cast of political power-players are spot-on as well. If awards are given to "Best Ensemble Cast", "Vice" has to already be near the top of that list for 2019.Overall, I enjoyed "Vice" and was able to invest in its characters and message. The comic/farcical tone isn't my favorite choice for a few different reasons, but that still isn't enough to drop it below a solid 8/10 stars.

I loved the story, and the way it is told here - for the most part. I really did not care for the Big Short, so this wannabe Scorsese filming is not for me. They broke the 4th wall too many times, and the timeline was lost at one part of the film.Vice does a great job of telling a story, with some obvious creative liberties, but in an entertaining way that keeps you engaged with an otherwise politically dense subject. Suffice to say, I'd even watch it again.

I was interested throughout the entire film and loved the use of dark comedy speckled throughout.

If it isn't clear why some people are giving it mediocre-to-low ratings, just check the post-credits scene.Vice is not just a biopic. It is a political statement, shamelessly so. But it is more about specific characters than politics in a more broad sense. It is, after all, about Dick Cheney, a man who isn't portraited in a clear-cut fashion, but rather in several different shades of gray. Power-hungry, greedy and unscrupulous, but also very family-centered. Competent and incompetent, dumb and incredibly cunning, a mere lackey at first and one of the most powerful man in the world later on. Mostly amoral. The film doesn't exactly give Dick Cheney sympathy, but doesn't indulge in beating him to a pulp without trying to paint his character with at least a fair share of ambiguity.Some might argue against this film for being too satirical and breaking the fourth wall too often. Yet this was an absolutely necessary technique for us to be able to enjoy this movie. This story is just too dark to be able to do without some humour thrown in the mix.Praise should be given to Christian Bale, not only for his outstanding performance, but to be willing to gain so much weight just for a movie role, when other techniques could be employed. That can't be healthy, at all.

Enjoyed this more than I was expecting. It tells the story in the same way as that great movie The Big Short. Portrayed from a left / libertarian perspective, but what other perspective is there in these issues!

If you've seen The Big Short and liked it's commentary style, and you can muster a film about Dick Cheney's evil exploits you'll like this film.The film is an educational dark comedy. It is at times informative, sometimes unsettling and sometimes amusing.Like the Big Short it brings forth a worthwhile look into the nature of a huge oversight and the trouble it caused and still causes today.I'd give a slight edge to the Big Short over Vice because the pacing is a bit better in The Big Short. Also the narrator character of Vice is a bit of a let down once the viewer understands his identity.Ultimately Vice has a narrative which leans against the GOP. But I didnt spot any lies or misleading content, and feel confident the message will still come off as authentic decades into the future. In the end I feel that presenting the truth of the horror story is important than avoiding some bias for the sake of fairness. Untimately everything presented will always have a bias against what isn't presented. It's unavoidable.The film does make connections to the current politicians in the executive branch which might date the movie a bit to being made during the Trump adminstration. Rather than a movie focused solely on documenting Cheney's time in Government.To me it feels like a way to demonstrate the how some escentric ideas among Republicans from of people like Rumsfelda and Scalia could within Cheney become mainstream Republican positions today.There were a lot of small steps which were needed for the Republican party to go from created the EPA or nominating reasonable Justices like Stephens and Souter in the past to now only nominating Justices like Alito and Kavanaugh who were approved first by groups like the heritage foundation and undermining the EPA at every turn.In the background of covering Cheney the film explores and explains how that kind of shift occurred, and why we should be concerned about what happened.

This is probably the most irreverent comedy of the year...then you realize more of it is true than is exagerated. There is an almost Deadpool-style irreverance given to this.Laugh until you cry...because it happened.

Great movie, love this directors way of telling down and story and making complicated stories entertaining. Well done, Christian Bale is excellent in this!

Enjoyed the movie Mr Bales transformation again 10/10. Watch your health Christian thats risky stuff. Dedicated thespian like Gary Oldman. History epistle for sure. Mr Bush jnr surely still itching? Well produced Brad Pitt et al.
Thank you

Vice is one of the best films of 2018. Not only does it pull off being dark, dirty, and disturbing, but it blends it perfectly with knee-slappingly hilarious lines of dialogue.
Christian Bale as Dick Cheney was spot-on; he wasn't Christian Bale anymore, he WAS Cheney. Everything from mannerisms and speech to appearance was identical to that of the man he was portraying. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said about Sam Rockwell and Steve Carrell: both of these actors did a great job at entertaining the audience, but their performances exaggerated the characteristics of the people they were playing (Bush was an incompetent, complete and utter moron, while Rumsfeld was an immature buffoon) in a comically over-the-top manner. However, this was exactly what a movie like this needed: unrealistic but still hilarious characters to ground the (somewhat) serious role of Cheney.And damn, that final scene is depressing.

Fierce portals and clever writing doesn't always make a good film, but Vice's sense of attitude and direction makes for a bizarrely entertaining ride. Christian Bale shines as Vice President Dick Cheney, giving life to this unknowingly important real life character. The portrayal of Cheney provides the film with its own sense of style fit to the life and mind of its own character, and though it struggles to find its footing with this at times, there is no doubt it feels like the right choice. The film shines most when it allows the characters to truly act and show themselves, rather than dedicate itself to the task of just telling a story. The film knows it isn't common, it knows its insane, and it doesn't hold back on showing any of that. Adam McKay continues to shine as a director, proving himself not only to be a great comedic director, but a great director period. We hope to see more of his interesting takes like these on our history, in the future.
My Rating: 9/10

This movie tell story about some politicians that ruined life of millions and millions of people and live like someone who care people.
I wish all the people in the world think about politicians that elected by them, cuz already some politicians like cheney elected as president.

A truly good movie, the acting is amazing and the whole story is captivating. The movie is great with alot of interesting scenes but the movie is often very boring with alot of information that u feel like u don't need to know.

Political drama's are not really the kind of movies I would normally go for but since there was a humoristic twist to it I did enjoy it more than I thought I would. Based on true facts or not doesn't really change my opinion about world politics, or in this case about American politics, as to me there is just too much corruption, fake two-faced people, wolves in suits, greed, and power hungry vultures. I'm European and my view on republicans is pretty low, so this movie is certainly not going to change my opinion on those repulsive people and the people that vote for them. The good things about Vice are the cast and the make-up artists. Christian Bale is just great in his role as well as his metamorphosis, credits to the people that made him look like that, as well as Sam Rockwell that just looks like he could be related to Bush. Steve Carell and Amy Adams are also sublime in their roles. For the acting the movie is certainly worth the detour, for the story also if you're into that kind of stories.

Bale is incredible once again. Great movie about a more not well known man for us foreigners. Did not know Chaney was this evil. Nice editing with a great story.

Either you are familiaritezed or not with Dick Cheney and his environment, Adam McKay manages to bring you up to date in an excellent humorous-serious hybridAlso, with another outstanding perfomance, Christian Bale steals the spotlight. He shows you a man thirsty for power and virtually capable of anything to achieves his goals, and in the same page, a man with worries about his family.
Amy Adams, Steve Carrel, Sam Rockwell. All of them with Bale, form an incredible team.In spite of the great work of McKay and the cast, the movie fails in the ambient of the different eras. There is no difference between the 70's and the 90' and that creates a incessant vacuum.Definitely, a must-watch movie.

As a "liberal" myself I walked into this movie with high expectations. For the director, McKay's The Big Short was a pretty solid movie... Christian Bale is always exceptional... And don't get me wrong, he's great in this too, but it's all... contorted. Kind of funny to say that for a movie...For me growing up, there was nothing more sinister than Cheney... He would in turn become to be known as the real life Emperor to our real life Darth Vader... But not so fast... Unlike in Star Wars, Cheney is you know, like a real person... And unlike the Emperor in Star Wars, this movie has to answer... Who is Cheney... In Star Wars we just have to see the bad guy laugh maniacally... and say things like "Good... Good." But in Vice... we have to answer the question, who is Cheeny, and I'm afraid that despite some effort, I didn't feel I knew him any better than before I saw the movie... In fact, despite the films biased efforts... I did actually end up liking him more. Not because the film does much to portray his duality, but because I was so irritated with the actors breaking the fifth wall and telling me how to feel.It had the opposite effect.Rockwell playing W. I'm sure there is some truth to it... But W wasn't a bumbling fool, always talking about baseball, always eating chicken wings. Rockwell is fine... He even looks like W and sounds like him. But there's not a lot going on inside that mask.The movie goes onto to become quite boring. Powell becomes the most interesting character... Rumsfield, too, I've seen Rumsfield in interviews... Correll really knocks it out of the park.The most interesting part of the movie is also the most complicated and seems out of place. When the United States goes into Iraq, based off of "intelligence" and ends up turning a two bit drug dealer into a martyr for the Middle East... the film gets more interesting for a moment. Now, I was thinking, that's the kind of movie I want to see.Sure, Vice has its moments... But, just give me an objective film based off of facts but not a costume comedy, which tells me how to feel.Cheney could have easily been great and just OK

Well, I was certainly not expecting that. This is a strangely odd biographical film based upon the infamous Vice President - Dick Cheney. A peculiar choice to make a film about given the secrecy that surrounds him (they even make mention of it during the opening titles). Before I talk about some aspects of the film I want to say: it seriously had potential to be an Oscar contender, but won't be.The film's strongest point is the acting - it is phenomenal! The quartet of leads which are: Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell really shine in this movie, and it wouldn't surprise me if they feature heavily during awards season. However, Bale is in a class of his own. Hands down one of the best performances I've seen in a long time, not just by him, by anyone. He brought so much depth to the character, and it was clear he completed a conscientious study of the figure. Give him the Oscar now! Rockwell could easily go back-to-back with his exceptional portrayal of George W. Bush - Rockwell was born to play this part. Adam McKay as director and writer also deserves credit for creating, and visualising an intriguing story.Despite these positives, the editing is atrocious. Hank Corwin and his team have completely destroyed the movie. It really feels, and looks like a giant mess. Dramatised moments from Cheney's life are placed in a non-chronological order which completely confuse the audience. It doesn't feel like a proper movie.This film is a great example of a strong film ruined by editing. It really is disappointing to see, and shows everyone of the importance of this post-production element. Could've been a 10/10, editing alone dropped the score down to 6/10. I felt really frustrated after viewing this.

Adam McKay's THE BIG SHORT surprised many because it was made by the guy who had done ANCHORMAN and TALLADEGA NIGHTS. McKay threw every trick in the moviemaking book to make a movie about a dry subject like the financial crisis entertaining, including having Margot Robbie sitting in a bathtub and explain directly to the camera complex economic terms. It succeeded well enough, even if, by the end, it felt as the film was shouting at the viewer.
McKay tries the same tact here with his arch bio-pic about former Vice President Dick Cheney (Christian Bale). Cheney is very much depicted as the Darth Vadar character he's been portrayed as in much of the media. Lynne Cheney (Amy Adams) is shown as his Lady MacBeth, quietly controlling and manipulating her man's ascent to the levers of power. Again, McKay tosses everything at the screen and hopes that enough of it sticks to keep it moving along and entertaining enough to his choir for its distended 132 minute running time.
Unfortunately, the high wire act doesn't work a second time. One of the main reasons is that THE BIG SHORT was based on an exhaustively researched book by Michael Lewis. Here, at the outset, McKay admits that Dick Cheney is such a secretive man that his screenplay had to extrapolate and make assumptions to fill in the details. And, extrapolate it does! One doesn't have to be a Cheney supporter (and I certainly am not) to recognize an inordinate number of cheap shots and invented scenes along the way. Some of the gags work (the first scene involving an out of control focus group), but the percentage is much lower here than in SHORT.
What's most unfortunate is that you have fine actors in Bale and Adams doing good work despite the buffoonery. The scenes where the family struggle with their daughter Mary's (Alison Pill) sexuality are genuinely gripping, but they are but a tiny island of quiet sanity in McKay's sea of impudence. The large cast does well enough including Sam Rockwell doing a broad version of George Bush Jr. And Lily Rabe as Liz Cheney. Steve Carrell tries, but never quite captures the right tone in the critical role of Donald Rumsfeld. Shooting on various gauges of film, Greig Fraiser gives the movie interesting looks, but, Nicholas Britell's score misses the mark more often than it hits.
VICE shows the limits of McKay's 'serious' filmmaking side. He seems to be aiming for an Oliver Stone like career in that regard. But, by the time of his magnificent piece of propaganda* JFK, Stone had already become an accomplished filmmaker. McKay's scattershot approach will please those who come to root against Cheney (Bale has even referred to him as "Satan"), but, those looking for coherence -- or even the most rudimentary form of verisimilitude -- will find it wanting (not to mention those looking for an actual biography). By the end, McKay is literally begging the viewers to accept his pleas that he really did his research on Cheney. He doth protest too much. The viewer can spot a phony when it sees one. McKay inadvertently does something truly 'remarkable' here: He makes Dick Cheney into a sympathetic victim.* And, I mean that as a compliment!

Not only does this film, thanks to a fantastic narrative expedient, manage to involve and make us understand the recent past and why the world is in this disastrous social, economic and political situation, especially in the Middle East, but literally terrifies for the future at the thought of who is in the White House now ...

... President or a character trait? There is a reason they chose that title. Well that's me assuming of course, but you can see it too. What I didn't see, at least until I watched the movie, was Dick Cheney. This shines a very interesting light on a figure who had way more influence than many people knew at the time and maybe still are not aware of.And take Bale now - you might already be aware that he takes his acting seriously. Now with added makeup this goes even further. No wonder this won an Oscar (I don't think anyone bet against that) in that department. Sam Rockwell almost gets drowned/forgotten about in all this. And his George H.W. Bush Jr. is as good as Bale Cheney is. So while we can and probably will be stunned by the performances and how close they are to the real thing, the movie itself is gripping too. So it's not just a gimmick...this really is good

Mr. Bale once again you are the Master at FILM Making. Come on ever time you are in a MOVIE you always Blow the MOVIE AWAY. GREAT PERFORMANCE IN THIS FILM AGAIN A MASTERPIECE. BRAVO SIR YOU NEVER LET ME DOWN.

I seriously did not think this movie would ever end. I love Rockwell, Bale and Adams and thought I'd give this movie a shot. I knew it would be so liberal and it lived up to it. But it was so weird and boring at the same time. I've watched liberal lovefest movies before and actually have enjoyed a lot of them. I know it's Hollywood and most movies are slanted left. But man this movie is so biased and just bad. I think it's the just bad that makes me more mad then the biased. A lot of people have been saying that Bale, Rockwell and Adams were great. But seriously any actor could have did these characters. No more Adam McKay movies for me.

I think the storytelling technique falls entirely flat with this one. Weird perspective with the narration. I know it's Hollywood, but come on how biased can you get? The character acting is absolutely top notch and the makeup for Christian Bale was incredible.

Propaganda. Good acting throughout the propaganda, though.

The performances were interesting however the film seemed cartoon like in nature and heavily fictional. The intent to persuade events to the directors perspective grew boring. I believe this time in history was more complicated and interesting. Characters were portrayed very simplistically and shallow than I believe anyone in those roles deserves. There is so much more at play in the world than our knowledge. I am sorry I purchased this film and feel it was a waste of time to watch.

If one approaches Adam McKay's Dick Cheney biopic as a character study, it's a bit of a letdown. There isn't much information about Cheney that's not based solely on his public behavior, which means that he's a consistently aloof main character despite Christian Bale's best efforts under pounds of look-alike makeup. However, as a movie, it's absolutely terrific: Funny, incisive, and polemic, it has no respect for its titular character, and it's that narrative scoffing that makes the whole thing so distinct and effective. There are a number of standout supporting performances along the way but none quite as effective as Amy Adams as Cheney's equally hard-edged wife, and she's downright intimidating in a number of scenes. At over two hours, the movie does have a tendency to start dragging towards the end, but overall it's a delight that's much better than its muted reputation suggests.

This movie is only the little scrach on the surface of the iceberg. Nobody on top will accept nor finance movie with any deeper thoughts or hints to what's going on the upper echelons of politics. Anyway... to tell something what will not squeeze through conspiracy free "guardian of democracy" and "church" of free speech news media is almost revolutionary act.

There was great imagination in turning a tragic moment of American history into a mordant satire. The writer-director of "Vice" has a background in writing for "Saturday Night Live," and he never lacked for comic ideas. But a curious point described in the bonus track of the DVD was that the actors seemed to be approaching their roles like method actors, internalizing their roles to capture the essence of real people. The result was a discordant style in which the serious historical events apppeared to be trivialized.The film was successful in compressing the lives of Dick and Lynne Cheney in an epic story. We follow their lives over the course of decades in American government. The goal was to depict Dick Cheney as a "quiet man," who worms his way into the halls of power through the legalistic concept of "unitary executive theory," which the film claims was the brainchild of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Another way of looking at his rise to power was that he was a cunning, ambitious political operative.There was clearly some good research apparent in the film with details about such key figures as Donald Rumsfeld, Colin Powell, the two Bush presidents, and an array of other historical figures. But the focus is clearly on the two Cheneys and their ruthless tactics in acquiring and using power. At one point, the filmmakers created dialogue that resonated of Shakespeare with Lynne and Dick doing their best imitations of Mr. and Mrs. Macbeth. Like many of the scenes in this film, the Shakespearean sequence didn't work.The major shortcoming to this film was the over-the-top comedy. In places, the style was so excessive that the genuine tragedy of the response to the tragic events of September 11, 2001, was lost. The bonus track of the DVD includes a deleted scene that was a musical, filled with kick-dancing choreography and a dazzling diva, depicting Dick Cheney and Don Rumsfeld in the Congressional cafeteria.But the devastating effects of American policy decisions on the nation and the world from the George W. Bush administration were undercut by the comedy. Good satire should expose social ills. But, in "Vice," the comedy never fully meshed with the realism. The actors and production personnel seemed to be having a jolly time in making film. But, for the audience, it all just seemed in bad taste, considering the film's subject matter. In other words, this film was a long, strung out SNL program.

It seems like Adam McKay used this film as an opportunity to make cheap jokes and gimmicky meta-references. He has decided to make his fame and money off of the current political polarization, good for him but this means the movie is a mess. The montage towards the end including fires, refugees etc is the perfect illustration of that weird vague political aim. I think the way it went so hard for Cheney (who is definitely a Terrible human being) made him look like a martyr, indirectly encouraging the audience to pity the man. McKay just wants to show you that he's really into politics and he gets it and you don't.
All of the silly gimmicks used throughout the film really lost me - that is some condescending stuff. Adam, think better of your audience: we can get the message without your having to pull silly tricks (cf presenting "menu options"; the repetitive fishing metaphor; etc.) You don't have to make such tacky scenes. Subtlety is great.
The Big Short was like that too but in much more appropriate proportions.

Adam McKay's "Vice is one of those films that, at times, left me in thrall to many of its artistic elements, while nonetheless leaving me frustrated -- and, frankly, bored -- at the whole. Certain of these artistic elements -- Patrice Vermette's production design, Susan Matheson's costuming, and the makeup design (done by numerous talented hands) -- are superb throughout the film, setting the framework for what could be a compelling chronicle of the rise to power of former Vice President Dick Cheney. Unfortunately, many of the remaining elements are wildly inconsistent, transforming what should have been a powerful examination of a Machiavellian rise to power into a scattershot and confusing polemic that badly misses its target.The film's structure is episodic, but linear, with the first half tracking Cheney's life from 1963 (as a directionless young man steered by his driven wife), through his days as an acolyte to then-Congressman Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carell), up through the ladders of power in the Nixon and Ford White Houses, on to a decade as a Wyoming congressman, and culminating in his tenure as Secretary of Defense in the first Bush Administration, overseeing the First Gulf War. The second half tracks his rise to the Vice Presidency and eventual domination of the second Bush Administration, through 9/11, the war on terror, and the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.While the journey through the first half of the film contains some interesting elements, nothing really grabs hold of the viewer because of the herky-jerky nature of the episodic story telling, and McKay's annoying habit of interrupting what story flow there is with would-be clever asides. These types of asides and episodic storytelling were used to good effect in McKay's "The Big Short", where they were essential to understanding the scope and details of the mortgage and financial crises of the prior decade -- in "The Big Short", they acted a lot like footnotes or comment balloons in explaining matters unfamiliar to those who don't read the Wall Street Journal or Forbes; in "Vice", these techniques fall flat, largely for two reasons. First, because the concepts underlying "Vice" are much easier for a layman to grasp, weaving them more directly into the story would be far less problematic than disrupting the flow with asides -- indeed, this same logic explains why the inclusion of Jesse Plemons as a third-party narrator is a seriously misguided and confusing directorial choice. Second, many of the underlying episodes are dealt with in such a perfunctory, check-the-boxes fashion, that they don't really provide us with anything more than a reference point for later in the film; in "The Big Short", the asides helped to deepen the viewer's understanding of what came next, while in "Vice", they simply provide us with a point of repetition, without any real understanding of the events or impacts on the characters that follow. This jokey approach to the material culminates in a phony credits sequence halfway through the film that is both unfunny and unnecessary.Although the second half of the film is equally episodic, it works somewhat better than the first half, as it covers Cheney's tenure as Vice President and devotes more time and thought to the various episodes. Some of these sequences are particularly interesting, including the set of episodes leading to Colin Powell's decisive speech before the U.N. justifying the invasion of Iraq (with fine supporting work from Tyler Perry as Powell and LisaGay Hamilton as Condoleezza Rice). Even in these later sequences, however, McKay's weakness for cheap jokes and overstatement gets the better of him. For example, the "restaurant sequence," in which Alfred Molina does a cameo of a waiter serving Cheney, Rumsfeld and other neocons recites the "specials" (i.e., various types of torture and euphemisms for it) is clearly intended as biting satire on the callousness of the architects of the war on terror, but plays instead like an ill-conceived Monty Python skit. Likewise, McKay's lack of subtlety betrays itself with the film's representation of George W. Bush's (Sam Rockwell) speech to the nation announcing the commencement of the Iraq War: rather than subtly emphasize Bush's nervousness/fear by keeping him in full frame from the side (showing both the resolute upper half of his body and his shaking leg), McKay chooses to zoom in on the leg for what seems like forever, and then cuts to an identical mannerism from the father of a terrified Iraqi family undergoing bombardment. This plays more like a bad comic nudging us in the ribs to emphasize a punchline, rather than an experienced director confident in his message.This lack of subtlety and character depth in McKay's script also undermines what is clearly some very hard work by some of the most talented actors working today. Christian Bale's method acting in this role has been well-publicized, and it's clear he's pulling from some pretty deep reservoirs in playing this role, but that's the problem -- because McKay's script doesn't give the character much dimension, I was never quite able to pull back from the idea that I was watching an actor "acting", rather than seeing a character unfold on screen. Likewise, Amy Adams' Lynne Cheney is laser-focused, but McKay doesn't give her anything else to do, having written her as a one-note Lady Macbeth (without any of the subconscious self-awareness). Their relationship together is equally one-dimensional -- fueled by a lust for power and little else -- and gives us nothing resembling any growth or change in the characters over the course of the film. Likewise, the relationship between the Cheney parents and their daughters (particularly as it relates to Mary Cheney's (Allison Pill) sexuality) feels like little more than another box to be checked off for later reference. Pill and Lily Rabe are fine given the what they are given to do, which is unfortunately not a lot. Nor is Sam Rockwell -- last year's Best Supporting Actor for his superb work in "Three Billboards..." -- given much to work with; he doesn't play George W. as a complete imbecile, but he's drawn so passively as to make the character instantly forgettable. Indeed, one has to wonder how much more interesting it might have been to continue the story so as to play up the tensions of the later Bush administration, when W. began to free himself from Cheney's grip, as it would have added a new dimension to both characters. The best performance in the film comes from Carell, doing Rumsfeld justice as a man who thinks he is building Cheney up in his own cynical image, only to find himself betrayed, eclipsed, and disgraced by Cheney in the end: while Bale and Adams do a weird Shakespearean (or pseudo-Shakespearean) reading in one scene, Carell's Rumsfeld actually gets to play the tragic Shakespearean role.As noted earlier, "Vice" has a good deal going for it in some of its artistic elements and some of its performances to recommend, but the ambitious take that McKay takes on the material is fatally undermined by his own wildly inconsistent screenplay and direction, and in turn takes down some very talented actors with him.

There is literally a rolling credits to the first half of this movie and you would be forgiven for leaving as it signals the end of the boring half of this movie. The second half covering his vice presidency is worth a watch and certainly ratifies the existing feelings most rational and reasonable people have regarding the corrupt invasion of Iraq. This isn't another jaw-dropping, gut-wrenching under-the-carpet look that McKay nailed with the Big Short but rather a flat and 'knew that already' insight on Cheney. AND, despite being a huge fan of the cast - Bale, Carrel & Rockwell, it doesn't deserve to be an Oscar contender. I would've recommended it as a watch, purely for academic reasons, had it not run over a long 2 hours. In 2014, Big Short should've beaten Spotlight to Best Picture. This offering shouldn't be in that category at all.

Bale delivers a magnificent performance as Cheney, Adams shows she is his acting equal & the make-up is amazing, but the failure of writer-director Adam McKay to manage the theme (and its obvious parallels to Trump) with nuance hurts the film badly.

The title really should have just been "Dick", as it would have done everything that McKay wanted to accomplish with the piece right upfront. In any case, this brazen biopic has no qualms with its overall opinion of Cheney - or, at least, his political actions. 'Vice (2018)' initially starts off as a messy and more traditional 'life story', masking its liberal use of exposition with its distinctly brash and otherwise distracting style. After the halfway point, however, the piece morphs into something slightly different, to the point that the affair feels as though it could be split into two relatively distinct halves: before and after our lead becomes Bush's vice president. This second half is much more interesting as it highlights all the shady stuff that Cheney did both with his power and to further solidify it. Here, the flick introduces the same sort of 'insider insight' that McKay's 'The Big Short (2015)' did, allowing for some shocking, frustrating and, even, harrowing moments. Yet, even at its most interesting, the picture still suffers from a sense that it doesn't quite know what it is. It straddles the line between straight-forward 'real life' retelling and satirical, 'take no prisoners'-style take-down. This even extends to the way in which Cheney himself isn't presented as a cartoon character, or even as a caricature. He's actually quite nuanced, if clearly flawed. Though the movie is obviously opposed to his methods, it also gives him a fairly fair shake, especially when it gives him a final monologue that allows him to share his perspective on things; even if this is exaggerated, it's not exactly unfair and slightly undermines the occasionally sardonic tone that it has built up in its crescendo. It's its sparring tone that perhaps causes the most problems, tied only with the overt exposition that sometimes makes it seem as though we, the audience, are being treated as less than intelligent - though, it's not like we're ever talked down to, just told instead of shown. The end result is an experience that's often entertaining, in its own way. It puts its own spin on things but still appears to remain truthful, trying to push its message while still keeping its integrity. In the process, though, one of those things might just get ever-so-slightly diluted. Still, while it often swings for the fences and misses just as many times as it hits, it's an above-average entry into this genre that's worth a watch if you're into American politics - especially if you're liberal. 6/10

Not everyone is a U.S. political history buff but it stands to reason many such buffs would be attracted to a movie like this. If they do, they'll be met with "meme style" jokes and wall-breaking narration pointing out well-known anecdotes (Nixon planning the bombing of Cambodia away from the tape recorded oval office! Roger Ailes working for I-hate-the-media Nixon forms the idea of conservative media and nobody thought it would work! Rumsfeld laughs at congressional oversight despite just having served as a congressional aide! and that's before you even get into Halliburton and 9/11). There's even a bit here in the middle where there is a fake rolling credits in the middle after Cheney joins Halliburton and the narrator says he lived peacefully with his wife and kids, volunteered, and ran marathons - just kidding! Another annoying bit actually shows a low-resolution famous youtube clip of a lion chasing and violently catching a gazelle as a metaphor for Cheney discovering the legal argument that can lend credence to his VP power grab. Oh and Joe Wilson, CIA agent Valerie Plume, criminal conviction of Scooter Libby, and Bush finally standing up to Cheney and refusing to pardon? It gets all of 2 seconds with Cheney saying "leak it". I guess they thought it would be too complicated of a story for this simplified movie.

As the subject of this film is still alive I feel that Cheney's involvement in events surrounding 9/11 have been somewhat glossed over. I think we all remember when, with President Bush in Florida, Cheney was in command of events and inexplicably chose not to scramble the US air force after the Twin towers were hit. 'Technical reasons' was the only explanation ever offered. This film presumably could not explore that aspect on legal grounds.
The transformation of Bale into Cheney was incredible and the acting all round was of the highest order. It just lacked boldness.

I feel like art is there to convey meaning in a beautiful/clever/unique/engaging way.... and while i was never bored and i applaud the effort i can't say this was a well done movie.the good. it did get its point across. there is no doubt this man manipulated the system to make government work a certain way. and surprisingly even with pointing at some of the shadier things done i don't think it offered any judgement. the truth about his family life was they were a happy family. not perfect and not every member was good with things but overall the family was portrayed as supportive and united.the bad. there were just parts that were purely speculative and gimmicks used throught the first 75 minutes that i've seen done so much better but things like the credits early was kinda silly and eeved no real purpose. not every gimmick was bad (i.e. the waiter Alfred Molina) but still was clearly a gimmick.that said the acting was good and i would watch this movie again but mckay just isn't that great of a director IMO. the third act was his best act ... but this guy just isn't david o. russel. it's a good little history lesson but it doesn't at all talk about this man's motivations after the first 10 minutes of the movie who it claims is responsible for changing the world.... could have been better.

Writer-Director Adam McKay takes on Dick Cheney, his edgy life and his disastrous decisions in power in 'Vice', a biographical comedy-drama, that works in bits. What engrosses the film are the performances, by actors who seem to never falter even in so-so material.'Vice' Synopsis: The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to George W. Bush, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.'Vice' explores Cheney's highly controversial life with less sharpness that it hopes. While McKay has a blast in parts by making the most bleak situations comical for relief, he isn't entirely on feet while exploring the story beyond the surface. I, at no point, knew if I am suppose to watch Cheney do what he's going to, or am I suppose to question it? This is a plain biopic, that despite some arresting moments, remains an ordinary watch.Mckay's Screenplay has moments of pleasure, but it never comes up as a whole. Its, at best, arresting in parts. McKay's Direction is more superior, as the filmmaker shows command in many sequences. Greig Fraser's Cinematography is top-notch. Hank Corwin's Editing is crisp. Art & Costume Design are super. A special mention for the superbly done Make-Up and Nicholas Britell's Score.Known for emboding every character he plays, real or reel, Christian Bale once again delves deep into portraying his part to perfection. Bale becomes Dick Cheney in an urgent, fierce performance, that proves his repertoire for the zillionth time. Bale's physical transformation is something to behold. Amy Adams aces as Lynne Cheney, in a performance that comes across as strongly (or even more) as Bale's. Sam Rockwell as George W. Bush, is decidedly caricature-ish, while Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld, has a blast. Alison Pill as Mary Cheney, is outstanding in a brief role. Jesse Plemons as Kurt, the narrator, is first-rate.On the whole, 'Vice' isn't a knockout, but the performances undoubtedly are. Watch it for the fine acting.

I agreed with most of what this movie has to say politically, but I don't need to be lectured by the Hollywood elite on morality and decency for two hours. When will we get a movie like this about Harvey Weinstein?When you watch Citizen Kane, Charles Foster Kane does many hurtful things and changes America for the worst, but you can understand why he's successful and you can understand what he's trying to accomplish. You believe he's human even when he's roaring with rage and tearing apart his wife's bedroom as she packs up to leave him.None of those things are true of Christian Bale's performance. His Dick Cheney is simply a monster from beginning to end, and the "softer" scenes, such as teaching his daughter to fish, are plaid tongue and cheek and lack any human feeling.Oh, and the mock Shakespearean bedroom scene was a total waste of time. If there was any point, I think its that the film makers resent having to see their enemies as human beings. They lack Shakespeare's talent, his gift for language, but also his humanity and compassion. They know how empty this movie is, and they resent having to pretend to to care about the humanity of people they hate.

The individual acting was phenomenal from top to bottom. Near or about as close as you can get to perfect casting and Christian bale reminded me why he belongs in the top tier of actors. However, Adam McKay directed the movie exactly like the big short, and at times it was much needed to break up the mundane slow story, but for the most part, it was out of place, interrupting, and not very refreshing, Rather annoying. It wasn't a flop by any means but you can only do so much with a story that provides limited suspense as a drama while trying to keep the audience on their toes.

It wasn't as searingly poignant as The Big Short, but still very enjoyable. But I don't think you'd like it as much if you aren't a US politics junkie.

It's still fascinating to me that the guy who did Anchorman, Step Brothers, and The Other Guys, is making serious politically charged films now. After The Big Short was released a few years ago, it seemed as though Adam McKay's career could go in any which direction. He clearly had a talent for making legitimately funny films, whilst showing perhaps his true fashion with The Big Short and his new film, Vice. Focusing on 50 years of former Vice President Dick Cheney's life, Vice is a borderline 'mess of a film'. Constantly jumping around from different eras and never truly giving enough time in any one place for us to catch our breath, but I also think this was McKay's intentions. He's admittedly coming at it from a liberal point of view and never misses his chance to throw shade at some of the vile things Cheney was allegedly or confirmed to be involved with. Christian Bale's portrayal of the ruthless leader was unsettling and something only few actors can capture with such charisma. And that's where the film succeeds the most, with its incredibly witty humor and performances. McKay's direction is a little bit too messy and 'clever' for my liking. Even so, Vice is worth checking out.7.2/10

It's been over 17 years since 9/11 and the subsequent carnage from the GWOT. There has been no accountability, the Congressional Reports, no investigations, nothing...this film is about as close we'll get to the truth behind it all, though there were important details missing, eg the rise of the Neo-Cons.The acting is brilliant, and the nuances of the personalities are well-portrayed, though many other characters could have been explored in greater depth and detail.It will however, make this compelling film much longer than it already is. I highly recommend it - it is absorbing, despite its rather dry political subject.

Not every reviewer agrees on the quality of a particular movie and judging by the modest IMDB rating of 7.1, most felt "Vice" (2018) was not a great film. And even though this movie has been nominated for 8 Academy Awards, it still seems destined to fall short of the top prize, Best Picture.Nevertheless, "Vice" deserves a much higher IMDB rating and some definite Oscar love for lead actor (Christian Bale), supporting actress (Amy Adams), director (Adam McKay), original screenplay (Adam McKay) film editor (Hank Corwin) and the makeup and hair team.Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) was the overweight, heart-diseased vice president of the United States who served two terms under president George W. Bush and wielded immense power in his administration before leaving office as one of the most reviled politicians in US history.After bending the knee to his politically ambitious wife Lynne (Amy Adams), Cheney set off on a government career path that began as an unassuming Washington bureaucrat and ended with his being called the most powerful vice president in US history.Along with his film editor, director Adam McKay captures in detail how Cheney seized power during the 9/11 terrorist attacks then fabricated the lies that triggered the US-led coalition which invaded Iraq and allowed American petroleum companies to gain a foothold in the oil rich nation, making him a wealthy man in the process.This revelation of Cheney's ability to use his position as vice president, a political post most Washington insider's regard as a "nothing job" to quietly and legally extend his reach into every part of the government to achieve these ends has the same kind of impact movie goers experienced watching "Spotlight" (2015), the film that depicted the widespread child molestation in the Boston Catholic Archdiocese and the massive cover-up by the Catholic Church that concealed it from the American public."Spotlight" was chosen Best Picture the following year and while "Vice" is unlikely to win the same award, it's social significance in cinematic history is equally undeniable. This movie deserves the highest IMDB rating, a perfect 10.

A really stunning performance from Bale should not just earn him an Oscar nomination, but also a win. He is not playing his role but actually is his role. It may be very hard to distinguish his role and the real Cheney in history. Rockwell does an equally satisfying job, and his role is almost the same as the real Bush in history. In some sense, this movie largely depicts history. And the process is rather pleasant, thanks to the interesting music score and editing.

Extraordinary acting directing writing with I take on humor but the overall disturbing reality makes it upsetting in the end that Cheney was allowed to happen and do all the damage he did.

It starts with the title. Of course all movies do. But Vice has a particularly clever one. You think it just means it's a biopic of a former Vice President. Well, I that's what I thought anyway. And it is. But even more so it is about vice - moral depravity and wickedness. It's a story of a lowlife gradually snaking his way up to the point of becoming the most powerful person in the country. But what makes Vice really powerful is the way it shows the seeds of our current nightmare being planted and cultivated starting back in the 70s. It's very scary, scarier than a horror flick. Because the monsters are real and the contagion has spread and everyone knows somebody who is infected. There are a few moments that felt false, like the one about Valerie Plame. Or the scene at the restaurant where the characters who were always presented in situations rooted firmly in reality suddenly found themselves in an openly symbolic one. But for the most part the film flows organically between scenes that involve actors, the archival footage, and the narration that intentionally breaks the fourth wall (super clever choice of the narrator too). The casting and acting is impeccable. Every character came across as real and while many are played by known actors, it doesn't distract from seeing them as the equally known political figures they portray. From Justin Kirk as Scooter Libby and Eddie Marsan as Paul Wolfowitz to Tyler Perry who is wonderful as Colin Powell and Sam Rockwell rocking it as a very human (and possibly too innocent) George W. Bush. The only one I had trouble with was Steve Carell - I kept seeing him rather than John Ashcroft. Amy Adams as Lynne Cheney is unlike I've ever seen her before. And of course there's Christian Bale. It's crazy how you can still see him in the young Cheney, but as he gets older, Bale disappears completely, becoming virtually identical to the man he is playing. My only problem was that it seems unclear how Cheney went from an embecile to someone so clever and so evil. And for the evil the question is also - why? Money? Power? I would have liked to see some kind of human motivation.

I really hated this movie. It was hard to even sit thru it, and I only did so because my husband wanted to see it. He didn't particularly like it either. Even as entertainment it had no value.

There's no Will Ferrell doing funny faces to tell people when to laugh so it will be taken seriously by idiots. Great fun.

Vice has to be one of the best films of the year. If anyone doesn't agree with this it's probably because they live in denial. I admit that Vice can be hard to digest for some audiences. However, I find it quite enjoyable as it is very upfront and sarcastic. The style and acting are outstanding. Editing, score and screenplay are exceptional. Overall, a very entertaining and insightful experience not to be missed!Score: 8.5/10FJ Medina

The only time I laughed was during the post credits scene, it didn't only show lack of creating humor from the director and screen writer, but by the entire casting crew. It should have been morminated as one of the worst movies in 2018, only few actors made it extra-ordinaire, the likes of Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Sam Rockwell, were the only exceptional piece of the movie, in summary it's a dead piece of comedy.

Writer/Director Adam McKay was known for years as the writing partner/director of Will Ferrell, having written and directed such comedy gems as ANCHORMAN, TALLADEGA NIGHTS and STEP BROTHERS and then, in 2015, he stepped out of Ferrell's shadow - and the comedy world - and delivered the multi-Oscar nominated film THE BIG SHORT, a fascinating, terrifying and (at times) funny look at the financial crisis of the mid-2000's.His follow-up to this film is another fascinating, terrifying and (at times) funny look at a serious subject - the life and career of former Vice President Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucrat that wields much power in the George W. Bush White House. I thought THE BIG SHORT worked on every level so was looking forward to this follow-up and this one works on MOST levels.So..what does work? Let's start with the acting of the top-notch cast. Steve Carrell, Sam Rockwell, Lily Rabe, Justin Kirk and Tyler Perry all are terrific in smaller, supporting roles that depict real people (like Donald Rumsfeld, George W. Bush, Liz Cheney, Scooter LIbbey and Colin Powell, respectively). They all bring the necessary level of gravitas and ironic humor to their parts.But...make no mistake...this film stars and IS ABOUT Lynne and Dick Cheney (Amy Adams and Christian Bale) and both of these two stars SHINE BRIGHTLY in their portrayal of a a Washington DC power couple who are always calculating the political angle of any issue and how they can benefit from it. I expect both of these two actors to get Oscar nominations.What also works is the pseduo-documentary style that McKay brings to the screen (similar to THE BIG SHORT), the characters, at times, speak directly to the camera to explain something or (at one time) breaks into a Shakespearean scene to emphasize what's going on.So...what doesn't work? I'm going to start with the Narrator of this piece, Jesse Plemons. He is a solid actor who can bring a wry sense of humor - or gravitas - to the proceedings. But, to be plain about it, Plemons narrator character (who we come to find out has a VERY big role in Cheney's life) is just not interesting enough to follow or listen to. In THE BIG SHORT, this role was filled by the charm and charisma of Ryan Gosling and, I'm afraid, Plemons just doesn't have that same level of charm and charisma.Secondly, what didn't work for me was the people/events that were unfolding in front of me. There was NOT ONE character to root for on the screen. Every politician seen upon the screen was just out for themselves and were willing to screw (or stab in the back) anyone that is no longer any use for them. These are not very likable characters and I longed for someone to root for, which made this film fall short of "GREAT" status for me. It is a very good film - strongly acted - but not a GREAT film.If you haven't seen it, I would recommend VICE to all if, for nothing else, the performances of Adams and Bale, they are mesmerizing, just don't expect to root for anyone.Letter Grade B+7 1/2 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)

The good acting cannot make up for the load of crap content.

A disjointed and skewed movie that clearly has an agenda, but it was very entertaining and Christian Bale is absolutely incredible. He is deserving of every award he wins...The post credit scenes was stupid and took away from the movie though.

Probably the worst blend of comedy and drama ever. Some great comedic moments. Potential for great dramatic moments. Horrible combination of the 2. Great acting. Compare Vice to a movie like American Hustle which put comedy and drama together perfectly.

Vice, a biographical drama/comedy film focused on Dick Cheney, seems to weave throughout time with somewhat of a careless nature. Although the film is not meant to be a documentary, it is certainly filmed like one; complete with montages and a timeline that is often confusing to follow. The movie begins by not so kindly introducing a young Cheney, and teeters between showing him and a positive light and his more infamous "evil" side. At times, Vice feels drawn out and excessive, but the performances by Bale and Adams in particular draw the audience back into interest. McKay also takes the artistic liberty of allowing Bale as Cheney to monologue to the audience at the end of the movie, breaking the fourth wall, which tied up his very moving and convincing performance portraying the politician. Vice can be very engaging if the viewer is interested in the plot of the film, but others may find it quite tedious. It takes a while for the film to actually reach the Cheney vice-presidency, and in that time the movie goes back and forth between riveting scenes and superfluous montages. Although, the cast performance as a whole (Bale, Rockwell, Adams, Carell) managed to work in the movie's favor, giving it a deserving 7/10 stars.

The Bush regime was years and years of material that can make a great story. The shady, shadowy figures that served as puppet masters all around him - Initially, I was excited to see this movie as there is so much potential for a great investigative film. This movie was choppy, and a poor attempt at comedy. There was no real flow, awkward feeling flashbacks, a narrorator with no real purpose, and complete opinion based writing.Christian Bale played his role perfectly, the mannerisms were uncanny. I just think with how incredibly mysterious a figure Dick Cheney was, things could of been done much better.I give this movie a 5/10 - It's not horrible, it is somewhat entertaining due to content matter, but boy did they miss a great opportunity.

That is my view of politics so everything goes thru one ear and out the other. Doubt Bale cares for Cheney, but i wanted to see the performances of some of my favorite actors !! I do not believe a word of it otherwise.

I don't know how much of this is true but it was a hell of a interesting, well written, well acted and funny movie. Adam McKay's vision was different from what I expected but it was incredible, the editing was unique but worked perfectly with the flow of the story. There was so much of information that I didn't know and it was just remarkable to experience this movie on the big screen.The ensemble cast was great, everyone doing their character believeable and brought to justice. Christian Bale's Oscar worthy portrayal is similar to Gary Oldman's portrayal of Winston Churchill and they are equal, both are superb and unbeatable. But I enjoyed Christian Bale's more. Steve Carell delivered a great performance but ultimately it was cause he brought the comedy into the movie. Amy Adams stayed in character the whole time and it showed, great performance. I hope she gets a nomination from that, one of her best.

Vice is not much more than mindless pro-Democrat rhetoric. Not that there should be any sympathy for Dick Cheney, who mostly deserves how history will judge him. But in the bigger picture, this film mainly reinforces existing liberal and conservative stereotypes, rather than provoke intelligent discussion and debate, and accomplishes very little in a country already deeply divided.The five stars are for the technical aspects, namely the cast and crew who did an excellent job transforming the actors into the real life people being portrayed.

If it weren't for Bales marvelous role as former Vice President Dick Cheney this movie would be a flop.

I can just imagine the pitch for this film. "Let's make a biography of Darth Vader. We all know Cheney is Darth Vader so all we need to do is find the evidence to back up what we already know to be true.". Where there is no evidence, wie'll manipulate the facts through unverifiable conversations, and create unprovable assertions. These are exactly the accusations they make against Cheney and Bush for manipulating the American people into going to war in Iraq. Picking and choosing the information that validates what they believe to be true and ignoring everything else. I learned nothing new about Cheney. Lazy research.

After the film I stayed half an hour sitting in the cinema, shocked. top movie

I rarely go see Political driven real life documentaries or movies, but felt compelled to see this film with a remarkable cast, Christian Bale is amazing as D Cheney and Amy Adams and Steve Carell are fantastic, but this type of movie, going back and forth, decades ago to today, the endless fishing references and 2 and 1/2 hours of it, a tad too much, worth seeing, but glad I went in the afternoon and got the discount price

I never met the man, and paid him little attention, but I really loved the depiction of Dick Cheney... enough that after seeing VICE today (12/28) for the second time, I figure I'd give him my vote if he ever runs for President. I found VICE to be much more serious, and less funny, than I was expecting it to be. I loved all the performances and found the storyline and presentation to be downright riveting, although it seemed to cast most every character in an overly favorable light compared to the hatchet job I had been expecting to see. I'm not sure I have ever before seen anything like VICE, and expect it to win multiple awards!

I liked McKay's other political film, The Big Short, so I had high hopes for this. I was disappointed. I'm as liberal as they come but I thought this was incredibly heavy-handed. I also didn't care for the jumping around between the past and present as well as the random cuts to weird imagery. I feel like a more linear, straight forward telling of the facts would've been an improvement. We know Cheney was definitely no angel, to put it kindly. Just tell the story and let the audience draw their own conclusions. We're not stupid. We get it.Things I did like: Bale was stellar. He WAS Cheney. A great performance. Amy Adams was wonderful as Lynn. Sam Rockwell didn't look exactly like Bush but he had the speech patterns and mannerisms down pat.

This is a pretty ridiculous movie. It pretends to be serious but it's more of a Saturday night live comedy skit. A left wing delusion of what actually happened. If you enjoy a comical walk through an alternate reality and like reinforcing the false image, the fake news media has painted, of Dick as "Darth Vader", then you'll love this fantasy.

Definitely one of the best movies this year and also great acting by Christian Bale. What a pity it is, that he didn't get the Oscar for best actor. Can just recommend it for people who are interested in politics.

Piece of rubish. A boring history of 4 idiots: D. Cheney, W. Bush, D. Rumsfeld and American people who votes them.

But I HATE movies that are preachy. They assume the audience are so dumb they won't get it if you don't hammer in your own point of view. Now, if you agree with the point of view you will praise it. If you don't you won't. But I can still agree with your underlying point of view and still think it's bad filmmaking. here you start with a voice over trashing the guy you are doing a movie about. Why should I watch? You've already told me how you feel and I am now expecting the next 2 hours of you hammering that view down my throat. Don't need it.Best films are when you don't know how the filmmaker feels. Examples are Spielberg's Schindler's List and Munich. He just presented the facts without being preachy or judgmental.Another thing others have pointed out is the disjointed editing. It's like there is a linear film in there, but they took the hard drive and shook it up to mix up all the scenes without any purpose.Steve Carrell as Rumsfeld? Really?

Produced by Brad Pitt and Will Ferell in addition to a couple of others. Reminded me of a slightly less-intense Michael Moore-type flick. A bit offbeat. However, was incredibly biased to the left with the typical Hollywood-left slant. Had the film been more objective and showed a bit more good in Cheney, it would have been more enjoyable. It also portrayed President Bush as an incredibly weak leader, which I doubt was the case. It states "Based on a True Story" but there was a lot of conjecture and bias, so how true was it really? Should have read "Based on a True Story except with Extreme Bias" lewlz. A heavy left-spin is easy to see through.

Adam McKay has transformed into a Oliver Stone like figure. His work is extremely political and that is the main reason for anyone to check out this film. Yes Christian Bale gives an amazing performance (he should've won Best Actor) but fans of Dick Cheney will absolutely not agree with the message of this film (even if most of it is based on fact). And that is why this film, as a political statement works perfectly making use of many popular film conventions to bring across McKay's argument. He uses excellent writing along with editing to present metaphors which symbolize Dick Cheney's (Christian Bale) personality and relationships with others, especially the one he has with George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell). There is one amazing scene involving the both of them where a seasoned Cheney is manipulating the inexperienced and clumsy Bush (a scene hinted at in the trailer). The film's biggest flaw is that the time jumps often happen to quick, at one point Cheney is a young man and all of the sudden he is old and conniving. However when this film is viewed as a statement and not a biopic that flaw bugs less. In fact it is hard to judge this film. Objectively this film has many flaws (such as the time jumps or perhaps lacking more humor) but in many ways the message of the film is executed so well that I can not flaw the film too much. The actors are all fabulous especially Bale who adds humanity to Cheney but also does not make audiences root for a maniac such as Dick Cheney. Amy Adams plays his wife Lynne, the two share a Frank & Claire Underwood type relationship in which both strive for power and influence. Both of these high caliber actors carry this film with no hesitation, they share such a great chemistry and clearly enjoy playing this diabolical duo. Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell pop in and out of the film as Donald Rumsfeld and President George W. Bush in minor supporting roles. However their performances are so charismatic that they leave a serious impression on the viewer. With the right expectation, Vice works extremely well. The film may not be as funny as some had hoped (especially for fans of Adam McKay's earlier work). But fans of The Big Short should feel right at home. A film that reminds us on how the strife of power can corrupt not just a man but destroy an entire country, this might not be a film for an occasional viewing. Audiences should be prepared when viewing this film and I can not recommend this enough for younger viewers who perhaps grew up with the Iraq war but didn't quite understand how horrible the decision to invade the country really was. Of course not everything the film says can be taken as granted (similar to Oliver Stone's JFK) but it will and should encourage discussions.

Vice is a film that counts on an excellent performance of the whole cast, however this is not everything to hold the attention of the viewer. The time passages in the film confuse more than they aid in the timeline of the story.

This is a type of movie that will split the audience and critics in two groups. The ones who hate/loath it and the ones that adore it. There will be almost no middle ground, and the reason for that is extremely vivid. The movie does nothing to appeal to all persons, it simply plays out the way it wants to, weather one likes it or not.The story. A biography of Cheney's life and political career could be told in numerous ways. The sole focus on the 9/11 attack and the decisions made based on that attack could have been a center, but this movie decided to go a bit sideways. The audience is presented with Cheney from the very start of his political career to his very end. Since we are talking about a man whose political career spanned for more than 4 decades (give or take) a smart way to depict that was needed. McKay decided to go with a multitude of short scenes depicting the most influential and important segments of Cheney's life and political career. The overall result is a never dull and constantly moving piece of work that doesn't allow one to take his/her eyes of the screen (for you will surely miss an important segment). The focus does switch somewhere at the middle of the movie, when the Bush Jr. administration segment comes in. At that point the movie drastically slows down and depicts in more detail certain important aspects of the new millennia history. Of course that is the point when Bale's "Satanic" depiction of Cheney comes full frontal. The switch in the character and the story is almost shocking and the way McKay directed it and Bale played it, only emphasizes that shock. The most interesting segment of the story are also the metaphors and comparisons to the wildlife. The one segment at the very end of the movie depicting the beating heart in the background of Cheney's most controversial life decision really sticks with the viewer. However, certain segments could have been explored more, some elements could have been omitted, but it would, in that case, been a very different movie. I am still not sure if I have viewed a political satire or comedy or a drama with just a good sense of humor. But, whatever it was, I liked it.The acting. Most biographical movies do not linger much on the story because their real power lies in the depiction of characters. When you have Bale as your lead and Adams to support, you are surely on a winning streak. But, I do not believe anyone expected their performance to be this good. Bale is on the road to win his second Academy Award (however, due to the sincerely strange choices in the last few years, there is a chance he loses - and that will be one of the Academy's greatest mistakes). His method acting brought him so far into the mind and soul of Cheney that at a certain point one looses the idea that they are watching a movie instead of a documentary. The way he portrayed Cheney's decent into absolute darkness and malevolence throughout the movie is astounding (helped profoundly by the cinematography and lighting). However, his most powerful moments are the ones when he is making decisions and giving orders. His presence is violently disturbing and profoundly scary, especially in the "Leek it." and other similar scenes. Adams on the other hand was just superb. Interestingly enough, the Adams Bale tandem works splendidly (as portrayed in American Hustle and the Fighter). However, even though Bale is the lead and the movie does deal with him mostly, her presence is noticeable at every turn. Every scene she is in, she constantly fights with Bale to take dominion over the scene (which could have been a disaster but worked out perfectly - just as the Lynne and Dick in real life). The viewer simply cannot help himself and not hate her. She is mean and vicious in all the wrong ways, unlike Cheney/Bale who is mean and vicious because of political reasons. Her performance should most definitely win her an Academy Award because she truly stood al pari with Bale in every scene (and that is no simple task). Rockwell was a laugh. He portrayed Bush almost exactly as the real one acted - lost and frightened, surrounded with the most powerful and vicious people in the world, making all the wrong decisions in the wrong time. A truly stellar performance. Finally, Rummy. The one that I thought was the greatest miscast in movie history tuned out to be one of the movies best performance. Steve Carell did Rumsfeld such an honor with this portrayal that it is a shame he didn't have more screen time. The candor, the energy, the rudeness and warmongering is portrayed with such ease that it was a joy to watch. The make up department also did a splendid job making him look almost exactly like the real Rumsfled. All the way up to the final scene and his eventual demise, Carell played Rumsfeld with spectacular ease and joy, which made him a joy to watch.The editing. Probably the most divisive aspect of the movie. In order to create such a fast paced and entertaining movie, short fast paced scenes are needed. It will not be everyone's cup of tea but, for a movie like this to work, you really need crazy and unorthodox editing.The music. Perfectly fitting. Simple but powerful, emotional but strong. The theme of the movie that plays during the finale and the infamous "Nod" scene stays with the viewer long after the credits roll.All in all, Vice will not be the most beloved movie of all times, but it will definitely be remembered as the best Bush administration biopic to date. If you are looking for a hard drama, avoid it. If you are looking for comedy, avoid it. It you are looking for a classic biopic, avoid it. But, if you are looking for a perfect blend of all three, this is the movie for you. Taking into consideration the other nominees, I do feel that Vice should win most of the important awards this year because it really is the only classic Oscar worthy movie we have seen in a long time. Near perfect.

Good performances are not enough. Boring stylised dramatised documentary that is politically biased. I kept checking my watch. I hate those films that freeze frame and throw up titles with voiceover. I will not see this film again. Now, let's see another type of Dick Cheney movie. A better script should not be too difficult. But a story that really tells it as it 'probably' was.

Very intriguing story about the man who dedicated himself to politics and pretty much ran the Bush Jr. administration. You get a decent look at who the man was and how he got to be where he was. The story is well written and cast played their parts really well, the chemistry between Bale and Adams is undeniable. You get the similar visuals on the screen like the other movie that the writers wrote called The Big Short.

A fantastic movie that explores the life of Dick Cheney. The casting and acting is up to the high level of the writing, turning what could very easily have been a dry and uninteresting biopic into an informative, darkly humourous, and entertaining look into his life that is hard to turn away from.

First of all, Christian Bale gave a MASTERFUL performance in this film and you can barely notice that it is actually him. Adam McKay uses a very unique style to deliever his story, which I enjoyed very much. The film warns us about the corruption of power through the story of Dick Cheney and I still don't know what to think of him - should I be angry at him? Hate him? Or should I accept that he was just a person who wantes to reach for the top? I'm certin those questions would follow me for days, which says a lot about this film.

Known for directing comedies like Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, Step Brothers, and The Other Guys (just to name a few), Adam McKay has been taking a slight deviation from his old style. Having recently directed the acclaimed film The Big Short, his comedy met his drama and formed a mesh that a lot of viewers loved. Personally, I wasn't a huge fan of his previous film, so I was a little hesitant on Vice. With that said, Vice is surprisingly one of the best movies that 2018 had to offer. I love when biopics have the freedom of not taking itself too seriously. Yes, there are some very touchy subjects sprinkled throughout the course of this movie, but I had a blast watching it. Aside from awards shows, I don't hear many people talking about this movie, which is a shame, because it's fantastic.Maybe I just wasn't all that invested in politics enough to know this story, but I found myself very surprised throughout the course of this movie, mainly due to the core focus on Dick Cheney. Vice follows Cheney's rise to power in a very quiet fashion. Having never once been elected President of the United States, his impact on the government was huge. Being an insider who went from bringing people coffee to pretty much running the show for George W. Bush during his Presidency, this story was ripe for exploration. George W. Bush felt obligated to run for President, which in turn made him need a knowledgeable and ambitious person to help him along the way. There are many ways this story could've fallen apart as a feature film, but due to the talent involved, Vice is one of the best of the year.From Christian Bale delivering a stellar, dedicated performance as always, to Sam Rockwell delivering an offbeat and likable performance as George W. Bush, to the likes of Amy Adams and Steve Carell who've always been likable, Vice is littered with terrific performances. Those performances are expected by these people, but I do believe Adam McKay has something to do with that. Whether it's in his older comedies or his recent dramas, he knows where each of his performer's strengths are and showcases them first and foremost. Even in the slower moments of the film, I found myself incredibly engaged, due to the fact that these performances felt so real. Not only do these performances make this a better film, but this is a screenplay that impressed me quite a bit as well.Having also been written by Adam McKay, he clearly knew the story he wanted to tell from start to finish. He chose the most interesting period in Dick Cheney's life and went with it. From incredibly weird and interesting choices in terms of where the story starts and stops throughout the course of the movie, I was kind of amazed at how a few scenes didn't crash and burn. Some audiences may find certain choices very strange, but I thought they were experiments that paid off. I can't wait to see what he comes up with as his next project.In the end, Vice is the kind of film that would jump at the opportunity to be nominated for numerous awards, but it's also one that deserves the recognition it's receiving. Many of the critics seem to be mixed on this particular film, but that actually shocks me. From weird (in a good way) editing choices to bizarre songs choices, Vice is a movie that meshes a lot of elements together to form a film that feels more like an experiment than a finished product, but that experiment just worked for me in nearly every way. I loved watching Vice and I highly recommend it.

I am a flaming liberal, but found this collection of unsubstantiated inferences of bad behavior very painful to watch. I came away believing Dick Cheney is (misguided in some ways) patriot.
Look all I know is that Christian Bale knocks the role out of the park, so only for him this is worth a watch

What a Daily Double ! with some similarities The "Favourite "a movie set in the 18th Century about a sick old monarch entirely unsuitable to make crucial judgements without relying on a manipulative self obsessed advisor posing as a loyal friend and a 20th /21st Century True life drama depiction of an incompetent heir to the Presidency George W Bush .
George W. Bush the President who sold his soul and virtually handed his Presidency over to an unscrupulous ambitious Vice President Dick Chaney and between the two of them murdered innocent civilians and brutally tortured war criminals and went to war with Iraq bombing the life out of a nation and knowing that the so called evidence that they presented to the World to justify their actions was at best inaccurate and at worst totally false. Their Administration was also responsible for the total inaction on as it was called then "Global warming " they thought that sounded scary so renamed it Climate Change and also cut the taxes In half of the rich Global lobby that backed their trickledown economic manifesto.
They changed the course is America forever and it's so easy after seeing this brilliant film to understand why America is in the mess it is today with yet another Republican born to rule incompetent in the White House I can only imagine the movie that will come out on this Administration.
This movie is Shakespearean in mood but epic in scope the direction is superb and concise , so clever and unexpected in parts , the script is the best political script since The West Wing it makes House of Cards seem amateurish.
The actors all are mesmerising I see Sam Rockwell, who plays George W Bush won a Golden Globe today and will likely go on to win 2 Academy Awards in a row, last year he won for his amazing performance as the sheriff in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing.
Christian Bale is superb also and won a well deserved Golden Globe today portraying Dick Chaney and I thought bared an uncanny resemblance at times to our own" Scomo", and his rise to power from humble very troubled beginnings was as meteoric .
Amy Adams always gives a fine performance, she can play any role from a Disney Princess, to a Nun and has and here she plays a powerful woman in the era when the saying "behind every successful man there's a strong woman" in this case as Dick Chaney 's wife and power behind the throne that saying is an understatement.
I love this time in the movie year in the months before the Awards season when the Studios present their best contenders for the ultimate Academy Awards and so far this year looks amazing in the quality and scope of stories that make up The Magic of the Movies, don't wait to see them on a small home screen go see them at the Cinema , where they were intended to be seen.

I have seen lots of negativity surrounding this film. Don't get it. Very simple. This is another Adam McKay masterpiece. Literally cannot explain my astonishment at the portrayals. Carell, Rockwell, Adams were all fantastic but my god.... Christian Bale is something special. Illumating watch about Cheney's life before and during his time in office, 100% give this a watch, you won't reget it.

"Appear weak when you are strong. Appear strong when you are weak" (Sun Tzu).Although Dick Cheney was born nearly 2500 after Sun Tzu, he brought new life to the art of war. In this movie, Adam MacKay's disembowelment of the unstoppable bowling ball's rise to power is a thrill and is laced with humour to make Cheney's climb to power even more absurd. Yes, of course Christian Bale is great. The little intricacies of Cheney's mannerisms and gravelly, scattergun voice are down to a tee. Cheney is not made to be the pantomime villain he might have been. He loves his family and that is made clear. To an extent. Amy Adams' Lynne Cheney grows beautifully from suffereing wife to a Claire Underwood. Sam Rockwell's George W. Bush is a hapless fool that resembles Bale's Cheney's steak on a plate that he slowly takes apart. Steve Carrell is excellent as the boisterous and incredulous Donald Rumsfeld. Just like how he was in "The Big Short". The plot trundles along like Cheney walking down a corridor and it contains many chaotic cut scenes. Just like The Big Short". I could go on. Maybe this is just MacKay's style but I found it mirrored The Big Short" a bit too much. That being said, there are moments that pull on the heart strings. Cheney's recognition of his mortality is poignant. The horrors of The War on Terror are examined and leave a bad taste in your mouth. The shared didcomfort of Dubya and an Iraqi father are compelling.In all, an excellent movie it nearly was. Leaving the brilliant performances to make this movie stand on its on two feet would have been the best medicine. The style of the movie seems transplanted from "The Big Short" which could do with plastic surgery.

If this movie is a comedy, I presume someone will give an explanation where I should have laughed!Perfect narration, informative, global.Thanks to all who contributed.

I mean you can enjoy it even if you don't know what USA is - its a great story about power, corruption, ruthless poloticans, with great acting, music, cinematography and few good jokes.
But to really appreciate it you need to dive deeper in Cheney, Bush (both of them), Desert Storm operation, Iraq Invasion, Big Oil. I personally think that movie wasn't even that hard on Cheney as it could be.
I recommend you to read Vice: Dick Cheney and Hijacking of American Presidency by Dubose and Berstein and Rise of Vulcans by Mann - two great books about Cheney and Co
Anyway, I really loved this movie - maybe one of the best this year

Loved the creativity on display here: the quasi-documentary style with its narration, freeze frames, and media footage (both real and created), the mischievous artistic flourishes including hilarious faux-end credits and a Shakespearean dialogue. That said, it hinders the biopic angle from achieving significant character depth, and conversely, the biopic scope (30+ years) and focus (one man) prevents the political docu-drama angle from having as significant an impact as the content warrants.

One of the best Christian Bale's perfomances on great screen. Adam McKay brings the legacy of "The big short" on the life of Dick Cheney, through a sarcastic and iconic screenplay. A very compelling and emotional trama, using sarcastic tone, even if sometimes there's too much tecnicisism.
Bale gives us a huge demonstration of his talent and dedication to the role he played.

The Evil Dick Cheney blew up the World Trade Centers to invade Iraq... this movie didn't dare go there & tried to portray him as a hero. He's evil and will burn eternally in hell for all the murders he committed... 3000 at the WTC & 1/2 million Iraqis... Dick Cheney is Satans puppet

Vice is a movie who lives thanks to his main actor (Christian Bale) and to the magnificent direction and editing. These elements are stunning: Bale transformed his body for this role and he practiced a fleer that is so uncomfortable because it is a mix between a simle and an expression of deprise. The direction by Adam McVay was really good, using a lot of visual similes and metaphores and the editing put them all togheter with perfect timing, making some of them highly momorable.
Unfortunately it's not all perfect. In fact the biggest problem was the missing sense of the movie, not because is something cerebral but because it raises a question: "what was the point of doing this film?". I'm not from the US so I'm not into the American politics and its propaganda, which I felt was the main aspect of the movie. Because otherwise is a film about the cruelty of human beings, in particular of Dick Cheney, but if the message wanted to be this one there could be other numerous better subjects to base a film on.
In conclusion I liked the film, and particular its direction that was unique but at the end of the day it gave me nothing, except for the fact that Dick Cheney was a very ruthless man.

As Adam McKay's follow-up to The Big Short (one of my favorite films of 2015) he is back with another dark satirical comedy.Just like in The Big Short, the amount of information McKay throws at you is a little overwhelming, especially if you don't fully understand it. It is a little slower paced of a movie, but the way he frames every scene has such gusto that you can't take your eyes off the screen.Other than the brilliant script the main thing to note in this movie is the perfect casting. Christian Bale and Amy Adams teaming up again, this time as Dick and Lynne Cheney further prove they should team up in every movie together. Christian Bale is so believable as Dick Cheney that you suddenly forget that you are even watching Bale at all. Then you have Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld, Sam Rockwell as George W. Bush, Tyler Perry as Colin Powell, Naomi Watts, Lily Rabe, Jesse Plemons (in a role that I did NOT see coming), and plenty more.There is a fantastic scene between Lynne and Dick where Plemons' character narrating notes - that we wouldn't know what they actually would have said in this certain moment, but he images it would be something quite Shakespearian. Then Lynne and Dick start talking like they are in Macbeth. Their chemistry is just fantastic and you get to see how much Lynne stepped up, and her ambitions and reservations with going into this political world.As much as this movie paints Cheney as a villain, McKay still gave him depth and compassionate moments, and showing all of his health troubles. You really see how this man became the most powerful VP that we have ever had in the history of the U.S. Presidency and how scary that is because it is all true. We have lived it.This movie is definitely not for everyone but I really enjoyed it. There is a funny after credits scene that shows how divided our country is, and the quote above is exactly what you should be asking yourself at the end of the movie. So, what do we believe?

Incredibly liberally biased. Instead of letting history speak for itself, they had commentary. Incredibly biased commentary. They could have done a lot more if they'd listened to the advice all aspiring writers get in some seminar or another: "Show. Don't tell."

Everyone in the UK knew the Iraq war was a con job. A million of us even marched to try and stop it. Fox news called our march the million mad march. Tony Blair, the most hated politician nowadays in the UK, (nicknamed 'Toxic Tony'), ignored the UK's resistance to the war. He's never recovered from the Iraq invasion and is now paying the price in unpopularity. From this point of view, a lot of what I saw in this film regarding Iraq, I already knew. What I didn't know, and what I found very interesting, were all the quiet legal changes from the 1970s onwards, which has led America to where it is now. There were quite a few moments in this film I found eye opening. That's a sign of a good film. As a Brit, i found this film interesting. I thought it was written well, directed well and acted well. 7.5/10 for me.

Here's The Lowedown on "Vice" (R - 2018 - US)...We can make this work.Genre: Drama/Biopic
My Score: 7.2Cast=10 Acting=7 Plot=8 Ending=6 Story=9
Interest=5 Script=6 Filming=9 History=7 Funny=5The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who reshaped the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today."Love is the only human emotion you can't fake...except women. And thank God they can." This was not my cup of tea...I am not into politics at all. I had no interest in Dick Cheney until he shot that dude in the face. There was a lot I didn't know...and it was interesting to learn some of it. Steve Carell stole the show for me...this is a solid watch if you are a fan of the political drama. Personally, I dozed off in the middle of it.

Vice is a meta anti-propaganda film. It's negative and critical and unapologetic; crass and satirical. Dick Cheney is basically the 48 Laws of Power embodied. There is no glorification of war here. The foot tapping scene is very powerful-maybe the best scene from a movie all year. Some of the fake outs and gags work, some don't, especially the pretend ending. The main problem with Vice is the realism doesn't compliment the comedy. After watching it I was more unsettled, not so much humored.

More concerned about the staging than the message, the movie fails to develop its full potential.

It's a little weird to me how a director like Adam McKay has gone from directing movies like Anchorman (2004) and Talladega Nights (2006) to entertaining exposés like The Big Short (2015) and Vice (2018). Sure, I can see how his comedy background could lead to the razor-sharp wit used to educate the movie-going public about the 2008 mortgage crisis and the former vice president, respectively. It's evident the Academy likes his new style as well, as both The Big Short and Vice were nominated for Best Picture. While I liked The Big Short a lot, Vice certainly had its moments.I'll give props to Christian Bale for his ability to mimic Dick Cheney's mannerisms in this role. Sam Rockwell was also pretty great as George W. Bush, but I couldn't get past Steve Carell as Donald Rumsfeld. I also appreciated the tongue-in-cheek "false ending" in Vice, as it was probably one of the funniest moments in the film. Just like how learning about the mortgage crisis was terrifying, it was equally terrifying learning how these career politicians were able to do whatever they want. Unfortunately, since this movie was played almost more like a straight biopic, it lost the ability for many of its humorous, educational asides and cameos that made The Big Short so enjoyable.Overall, I liked this movie's style, and I'm sure McKay has found a niche where he can be successful. After all, how much does the public know about some of these topics? Do we know how much our lives are affected by others focused on greed? These pseudo-documentaries are a great way to entertain and inform us, even if the political bias can occasionally peek it's head out from behind the veneer of comedy.Another entertaining exposé from director Adam McKay, I give Vice 4.0 stars out of 5.

Greetings from Lithuania."Vice" (2018) is a very entertaining movie even if i'm not really into this subject. It had great performances all around as well as very involving and entertaining script and directing. Make up was definitely Oscar worthy as it transformed so many familiar faces into well known other familiar faces - well you got the idea.Overall, i was really entertained for a whole 2 h 5 min watching "Vice". Its superbly made and acted and even if you are not really into this subject, its highly entertaining.

Great movie and excellent casting, everyone fits there rolls perfectly and Bale is amazing as always.

Bale's representation of Cheney is very believable, while Rockwell as Bush and Carell as Rumsfeld leave a lot to be desired... Particularly Carell - just doesn't work as Rumsfeld, who portrays Rummy as a cursing, blundering idiot, rather than the smart, calculating guy he is.. Is it a documentary? Docudrama? Or just a full on comedy?

The military industrial complex has never been beholden to one man or party so pinning it on Cheney seems lazy more than anything. If only politics were so easy. As a sly mover in the mechanism, it sells better. The after credit sequence shows half the country as backward violent hillbillies; in a really base low-hanging fruit way, it's funny as its motive is completely honest. When I brought it up to conservative friends, they said, 'Yep, but at least the libtard got hit.' The Cheney performance by Christian Bale is really something... You baseline caricature and reveal nuance in everything not as baseline without breaking. Then it reflects back on the sculpture creating art. Acting as sculpture. One review stated he's way too charismatic for this, and that is true, but the contrast allows an inner life that is so effective, you suddenly love Dick Cheney. Was that intentional or did the performance get away from it? Bale is an introvert actor, so it's a process in photochemicals coming out. The villain monologue at the end, it's just horrible, but you admire the entire production's go for broke risk in failure even as it did, quite a few times, but cinema recording the process of its own discovery is untapped and shows its own joy of the audience being in on it and judging in real time how it reflects its thesis, making it both enjoyable and engaging for the mind.

I am not a fan of the great man/villain theory of history, but the writer/director of this movie, Adam Mckay (nominated for Academy Awards both Best Director and Best Original Screenplay) obviously is. He blames former Vice-President Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) above all others for the state of the world today. The movie starts in 1963 after Cheney has flunked out of Yale twice because of his drinking. After two arrests for drunk driving back home in Wyoming, his fiancé Lynne Vincent (Amy Adams) gives him an ultimatum telling him to give up drinking or break off their engagement. Then the movie follows his life in mostly chronological order and is narrated by a man (Jesse Plemons) whose identity is not revealed until the end. After marrying Lynne and attending the Universities of Wyoming and Wisconsin, he becomes a congressional intern and the protégé of then Illinois congressman Donald Rumsfeld (Steve Carrell), a White House staffer during the Nixon administration, chief of staff of the White House for Gerald Ford (Bill Camp), congressman for Wyoming during the Carter and Reagan, and Secretary of Defense for George H.W. Bush (John Hilner). During the Clinton administration, Cheney become the CEO of the Halliburton Corporation, a big oil field services company. When George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell) became the Republican nominee for President in 2000, he asked Cheney to run for Vice-President. Cheney agreed with an agreement that he would be given much more power than any other Vice-President in U.S. history. Since Bale and several of the other actors did not resemble the characters they portrayed (Tyler Perry's hair had to be whitened for him to play Colin Powell, for example), they underwent heavy make-up, and this film was the Oscar winner in that category.
The film does not shy away from Cheney's domestic life either. When she was in high school, his younger daughter Mary (Alison Pill) came out as gay. According to the movie, he was much more accepting of her sexual orientation than Lynne. Another part of his agreement with the younger Bush was that he would not only fail to support anti-gay legislation, such as outlawing gay marriages, but would say in public that he was in favor of gay marriage. Toward the very end, it does show a rift between the younger daughter and the older daughter Liz (Lily Rabe) when the latter ran for public office in Wyoming and opposed gay marriage. Liz is currently a member of the U.S. House of Representatives.
While the general outline of the events were consistent with my memories, the filmmakers make such an issue that this is an accurate portrayal of the title character that I consulted the web site "History vs. Hollywood" and found that they got a lot of details wrong. There is no evidence that Lynne Cheney's father murdered her mother, which the film implies; Cheney had strong conservative beliefs before he ever arrived in Washington, D.C., although the film states that he only became a Republican after his arrival; Cheney's conversation with future Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia about presidential powers was pure fiction; the Fairness Doctrine for broadcast news never applied to Fox News, which is a cable channel; Cheney was hardly an unknown when he was running for Vice-President (I first read about him when he was Ford's chief of staff), especially since he had already been Secretary of Defense; Cheney was not the one who authorized the shooting down of hijacked planes on 9/11, that was President Bush; he did not receive a $26 million severance package when he resigned from Halliburton to become Vice-President, that money was from his exercise and sale of stock options; Libby Scooter did not leak the identity of C.I.A. agent Valerie Plame to the press under orders from Cheney, that was Richard Armitage under his own initiative; and blaming Cheney for the creation of ISIS was absurd. Overall this is a very entertaining movie, but unlikely to change any minds about Cheney's place in history.

Vice strongly tells the story of Dick Cheney in the most outrageous way as we know how writer/director Adam McKay used to be.Further fueled by an intense performance from the ever-commited Christian Bale and it's co-stars.

I didn't go into this film leaning right or left. I set my political beliefs, Democratic, aside. I see movies for the artistry and this film delivers. McKay helms and pens a sublime dramedy / biopic. It is a virtuous work of art. All the actors are in top form. In particular Bale, Adams and Rockwell are superlative. Bale's portrayal and transformation as Cheney is mezmorizing. He is known for his method acting and he does not disappoint. I thought I was watching a live broadcast. Rockwell's portrayal of former President Bush is formidable as he conveys some droll and daft idiosyncrasies to the role. The plot revolves around Cheney's rise to power being driven and inspired by his wife Lynne portrayed by Adams. The film starts by giving some backstory of Cheney as being a more or less everyday average Joe Lunchbucket. He has a penchant for alcohol and works labor intensive jobs for as long as he can stand it. Lynne has a heart to heart and more or less lays it on the line, ship up or ship out. Eventually Cheney becomes one of the most, behind the scenes, powerful leaders in American history. Like it or not his ability to manipulate everyone around him and this includes other powerful politicians is absolutely masterful. His tactics are symbolic of a master chess player. Whether the viewer approves of the moves or not, his political influence is brilliant. The plot is witty, clever, insightful, revealing, intelligent, ingenious, exceptional and has a cathartic ending. I enjoyed this film as much, if not more than McKay's "The Big Short". If you decide to indulge, set your political views aside and enjoy the ride. Lastly, hang on through the closing credits. It's worth it.

This is a well done and unique movie. It's long, and feels long at times, but is worth watching and thinking about. Not much to say in this review other than give it a watch!

Adam McKay's Vice, which details the political career of Dick Cheney, is similar in approach to his The Big Short, with strange discussions and unique ways of explaining the story. Unfortunately it's not nearly as interesting. Much of the problem is he's not explaining anything tricky, so the tricky illustrations just feel gimmicky. Often they feel like a real stretch.I tend to agree with people who found the basic concept of Cheney flawed. The movie sees him as primarily focused on power; a cynical guy who just wants to be in charge. But Cheney was far more of an ideologue than that. He didn't just cause a damaging war that created ISIS because he enjoyed manipulating the levers of power, but because his world view was, frankly, evil.Christian Bale does an excellent job as Dick Cheney, and Amy Adams is even better as his wife. Steve Carell is entertaining as Donald Rumsfeld, but once again feels off the mark. Rumsfeld is, like Cheney, portrayed as a political operator whose only real interest is power. But two of the defining aspects of Rumsfeld were his blinding self-assurance - the man has never acknowledged making a single error - and his shocking incompetence. The real Rumsfeld, judging by what he said and did, was an arrogant fool, the classic example of that famous phrase, "the confidence of a mediocre white man."For me, Vice is too gimmicky and precious to be successful as a film and too gentle on Cheney to be an effective portrayal of someone who, regardless of how nice he was about his daughter coming out, is basically a psychopath.It's interesting sometimes, and generally watchable, but I wouldn't recommend bothering.

Interesting script, but I was most impressed with the acting by everyone in this star filled movie.

I hated Cheney until I watched this movie now I see him as the american hero the director intended this movie to show. Spot on perfect.

Yes, if you believe that Fox is news, you will hate this film. But if you believe in facts...AWESOME FILM!!! Just love that someone finally put the spotlight on this evil, evil man! Bravo Adam McKay!!! Christian Bale was awesome, and his use of his Batman voice was perfect! Ditto Amy Adams, Steve Carell, Sam Rockwell, Tyler Perry, and LisaGay Hamilton! I just loved it! It feels like a documentary, because of all the facts, but this cast really brings it to life!The heart attacks are priceless! Cheney's little "A Few Good Men" speech at the end will please the one or two conservatives that make it that far and the little clip after the "fly" credits end will please the rest of us!

This movie scared the hell out of me. The truths revealed in this movie are frightening for a common person. We common people are easily fooled by the fancy speakers and we give them the power and they become monsters because of this power and these people in power inturn create other monsters of the world and among all this it is we the common people, who suffer. This movie is a lesson to all the people. I believe everyone should watch this movie.
On top of that, this movie is brilliantly made. It has intense drame and dark sarcastic comedy. And Christian Bale as always is too good.

I have to admit that I was more fascinated by the acting than the story, which was close to flawless (especially Christian Bale, who was unrecognizable as anyone but Cheney and Sam Rockwell). I also don't think the film was partisan (left or right) but stuck to the basic story.

I rely on IMDB ratings as the best way to choose movies to watch. They are usually quite reliable -- except where they reflect a political or cultural bias.This is not a good film. It is not reliable as history, but not because it gives a false impression of Cheney. That seems pretty close to the mark. But it pretends to knowledge that the director clearly lacks, and it fills in the knowledge gaps with misinformation that has a strong political bias.As entertainment, the film comes across as the sort of self-indulgent too-creative-by-half work of an amateur. The Cheney story is an interesting one, and giving it full force would make a lasting work of art. This is something frivolous.Perhaps the most annoying example was a lengthy scene in which Dick and his wife speak in mock-Shakespearean language. Any competent editor would have cut this without a moment's hesitation. But then a competent editor would have cut many of what appear to be attempts at artistic flair. The director lacked the needed skills.So the rating on this film is inflated -- something between 5 and 6 would have been achieved if those leaning to the left were able to refrain from upgrading the film for being laudably anti-right.

Excellent movieIgnore all negative reviewsBrilliant individual performances from Christian Bale and Amy AdamsOK I accept that political licence has been taken but you get the disturbing underlying feeling that it is not too far removed from the truth of what actually happened in real lifeI was surprised after watching this movie to discover that Dick Cheney was currently still alive after all he had been through both physically and mentallyA huge credit to his wife and ever loving familyShame on the USA for allowing a low life College drop out to rise from nowhere to the very top in US political society to a high executive position to exercise his influence and power over the world at the expense of so many innocent lives and foreign powersA brilliantly directed film a story well told in a documentary real life drama fashionIf you enjoyed American Hustle you will enjoy thisDo not trust this reviewGo see it for yourselvesYou decide

VICE
VICEAdam McKay's Vice is a 2 hour and 12 minute SNL sketch (McKay is an alum of that show) - with better make-up and actors.The movie follows former Vice-President (under Bush II) Dick Chaney from his wildwood days in Wyoming (two DUIs) to the White House. The journey is long, with stints as Chief of Staff (Ford), Congressman and Secretary of Defense (Reagan). The overall theme is that but for his wife, Lynn, Chaney would have been a drunken cowboy with a serious heart problem.The acting is superb. As Chaney, Christian Bale projects a man willing to do anything to get what he wants. Amy Adams as his wife, Lynn Chaney, keeps her husband's ambition on track as Lady Macbeth. Steve Carell as Dick Rumsfeld is as smarmy as the original. Sam Rockwell as Bush II brings the lights-on-but-nobody's-home quality to a President defined by his being the puppet for whatever special interests happen to see him last. Tyler Perry as Colin Powell is more a cameo than a role played by an actor whose name is above the title.What Chaney wants is power. One of the flicks themes is how Chaney & Company pushed a theory called 'The Unified Executive', a nebulous phrase that really is just old The Imperial Presidency dressed up to sound legal. The argument is simple and best expressed by Richard Nixon who famously said, "If the President does it, then it's legal."McKay tells the story of the rise of Chaney with the tools used mostly in TV comedy sketches. For example, when discussing the run-up to the Iraqi War, we see Chaney and his minions at dinner when the waiter (Alfred Molina, uncredited) goes through a menu listing all of the crazy constitutional theories they put out to justify their illegal acts. The scene ends with Chaney saying that they will have all of them - of course.Vice tries to be a real biography when it shows Chaney supporting his gay daughter (Alison Pill in a role as small as her name) even though he and his supporters have been virulently anti-gay. I am not sure where this part of the story goes because when his other daughter , Liz (Lily Rabe) runs for Congress and says she is against gay marriage, we see his gay daughter call Chaney and cry that she has been betrayed. This incident shows us a lot that is wrong about Vice. Liz is a grown woman yet Vice wants you to believe that her father made this decision for her,Vice is about an 45 minutes too long. All the stuff before the Bush II years is just a set up to show us how Chaney & Company took the US to war in Iran (the movie claims it was for PR reasons - huh?) and destroyed the US constitution's check and balances form of government. While the movie has some interesting quirks - the menu bit and others that are based on the techniques used in sketch comedy - it is far from a scathing portrait of how the US ended up where it is, scorned by most of the world and a plutocracy. There are some laughs and surprises, like any good comedy sketch, but nothing that is worth 2 hours and 12 minutes of our time.FOR MORE GREAT REVIEWS GO TO:
ITSJUSTAMOVIE.COM

A biography of sorts chronicling the life of Dick Cheney, beginning in the 1960s where he was a ne'er-do-well Yale dropout, to his eventual ascent through the ranks of U.S. politics where he gained notoriety as the right-hand man of President George W. Bush. Director McKay (who's clearly trying to inject some irony into the proceedings with his off-the-wall storytelling methods) benefits from strong casting in key roles, and interested viewers are likely to be drawn to the more clandestine workings of the controversial Bush Administration, but the continual use of narration, flashbacks, and false climaxes does more of a disservice to the film, and despite all the behind the scenes manipulation and in-fighting it's never as engrossing as it should be. Bale gives yet another splendid, transformative performance as the irascible Cheney, with help from Adams as his driven, no-nonsense wife Lynne, Carell as a colorful Rumsfeld, and Rockwell who makes a vibrant Bush. Not a pinpoint documentary, but they tried their best, right? **½

Fact-check it and you'll see that most of what is in the movie is true.

Informative with verifiable facts but editing was lacking in several scenes that seem to go on endlessly. Adams and Bale deliver stellar performances which made up for the editing issues.

When I look at a movie, I look for balance. To start with, I had to put aside my animus toward the Bush administration and Cheney as the Iago to Bush's Othello. Christian Bale fashions an infectious bully in Cheney whose heart is his Achilles heel. He is presented as a man whose ambition is fueled by Lady Macbeth (oops, his wife). He is presented as a bumpkin early on and then makes the crossover to the thing he becomes without a lot of thought for the bodies left lying around. Of course, like many who have never faced warfare first hand, he is proud of sending American forces to fight for the aggrandizement of his supposed boss (and die facing an enemy that did not have weapons of mass destruction). I did like Carrel's portrayal of Rumsfeld. The cutting with stock footage of war and politics has been done so many times already and the dead guy narrating seemed really odd. It's an OK movie, but without Bale it is quite pedestrian.

My wife and I watched this at home on DVD from our public library. Having lived as adults through the times depicted here, it was interesting to see how the "behind the scenes" accounts were handled. Christian Bale was nominated for Best Actor and now, having seen all nominated performances, to me he deserved the Oscar. He really becomes Dick Cheney.From Wyoming, Dick Cheney was by any accounts an underachiever, spurred on by his wife under threat of divorce to make something of himself. His path was long and winding but the focus for this movie is his stint as VP under Bush the Younger. Cheney is arguably the force behind the infamous attack on Iraq, justified by false claims of WMDs in Iraq. Which destabilized the Middle East and allowed the rise of Al Qaeda. If Bush and Cheney had not been in office, and only there for a technicality in Florida voting, the world would be a different and safer place today.Democratic societies work, in theory, because voters will gravitate towards those most qualified to be leaders. Unfortunately as history shows this isn't always the case because unsophisticated voters can't tell when a candidate is deceiving them. And bad leaders are elected, all over the world.Good, entertaining movie. Bale is great.

Overall this movie was well acted and entertaining but it chose a clear bias that was hard to ignore and was distracting.

Vice (3 out of 5 stars).Vice is a decent biographical comedy drama film which follows Vice President Dick Cheney (Christian Bale) from his earlier years in 1969 when he dropped out of Yale from alcoholism to interning during the Nixon Administration. Working his way up in the office from Secretary of Defense to being a Vice President in the 2000 Presidential election.This film may not be for everyone. I am not into politics. Adam McKay's direction on handling this biographical film about Dick Cheney does feel quite uneven. Yes, he is trying to adapt the story onto the big screen while keeping fresh and have some comical moments of trying to light up the mood. Which it works, I did enjoy some parts of the film. It does leave the movie feeling a little odd in the end. The film is narrated by Kurt (Jesse Plemons) who is a normal American civilian which has an impact and connection when it comes to the climax of the film. The movie does break the fourth wall barrier to explain to the audience about the whole situation with Dick Cheney. If it is good or bad information being given, all comes down to how the individual audience would take it.Christian Bale did great as Dick Cheney. His physical performance of gaining weight for the role and changing his hair appearance. His acting was great. Amy Adams was also good playing Lynne Cheney. Steve Carrell was also good as Donald Rumsfield. Sam Rockwell playing George W. Bush was also good.Adam McKay does a great job in handling a film with a serious topic that can easily create a controversy. He tries to make it understandable for audience who are into politics or not. I still enjoyed his other drama film The Big Short more.Overall, Vice is a fair film. The performances are great. Adam McKay's direction did seem a little off balance with trying to be funny in a serious topic.

The most impressive aspect of this film is the make-up. There are few standout performances. Cheney is portrayed as one dimensional, but under the prosthetics you get the feeling Bale has very little to work with.Amy Adams for the most part performs adequately, but on more than one occasion her dialogue is poor, detracting from her performance.The film (was it a film or just a vicious character assassination?) refuses to even pretend that it isn't just a political propaganda piece, using subliminal material with regularity, and simply, literally casting Cheney and his satellites as animals.Two other performances deserve mention, Steve Carrell's Donald Rumsfeld seemed miscast, and Sam Rockwell's George W felt like large chunks of his performance had been cut from the film.Worth a watch and certainly is entertaining, but the blatant agenda it harbours and its inherent dishonesty leave a bad taste in the mouth, earning the film a solid and respectable 6/10.

What happens if you have a fool at the top and a smart person controlling him and eventually the world. This is real life House of Cards. Bale is great as usual, pretty much all actors came across really well. Hats off to the makers for giving us such a bold and elegant movie.

I really liked this movie I can tell will Ferrell was involved the humor, and I love Steve carrell, Amy Adams, Christian Bale, but the reason I wrote a review is because Christian Bale really transformed himself soo well then I noticed him & Dick Cheney have the same birthday, Jan 30th aquariuses. Well I thought that was pretty interesting FYI.

Adam McKay didn't made this movie how a biopic should be. The style here is very different. Vice looks back at Dick Cheney and his political years and how he came to power. The fast paced narration was a bit difficult to understand what was happening. But in the end, the story needed it. Performance wise, every single actor was phenomenal. Christian Bale delivered one of the best performance of his career and so is Amy Adams. Steve Carrell and Sam Rockwell also did an excellent job. I don't think this movie deserves an Academy nomination for Best Picture and I think this will be ranked last of the 9 nominations. There is nothing extraordinary except the performances and it is strictly one time watchable.

Incredible acting, similar with the make-up, leaving characters looking and acting like the original versions. Great flow, highilighting one man's rise to power and the addiction to power it can bring with it. While not all the 'mini-shots' slipped in were overly enjoyed, the fly fishing ones were spot on perfect. Unfortunately, learning how much liberty the director took in altering the story and the overall voice-over commentary left it Michael Moore-ish, thus the ketchup on a fabulously cooked steak. Not a fan of Dick Cheney by any means, a blight upon our humanity, but it reduces the strength of the movie when director admits (not that he shouldn't) that much of the story is false.

Christian Bale might be the GOAT. Sam Rockwell is incredible as always.

It's like Black Mirror meets House of Cards & The Thick of It except this actually happened in real life which makes it even more terrible & bleaker.
As someone who knew absolutely nothing about Dick Cheney, I appreciate informative feature films that aim to educate uninformed audiences & individuals like myself & although I understand that usually requires somehow entertaining them while they learn (in order to maintain their interest & attention), for something this recent & considering the world is still dealing with the long-term consequences of his actions, a humourous political satire probably wasn't at times the best method to tell his life's story when so many people have died needlessly because of it?
The movie boasts a stellar cast, incredible performances, fantastic hair & make-up with outstanding prosthetics & cinematography etc. but tonally, it's debatable if they took the right decision to tackle things how they did. The condemnation of his character is undeniably clear but that somehow still doesn't warrant the inconsistency of it... Making light of something so irredeemably dark.

So anyway what can one say about Vice movie about the life of the Chaney we don't know about all of this it is not so interesting the first hour is very interesting dancer need the contrary boring boring boring and we don't know what you're watching again like it's an experimental movie all of a sudden Valley it was so interesting the first real thing it's actually the moment the reimbursement when it started to become bad is when they started singing in the Shakespeare version so anyway what can one say about Vice movie about the life of the Chaney we don't know about all of this it is not so interesting the first hour is very interesting dancer need the contrary boring boring boring and we don't know what you're watching again like it's an experimental movie all of a sudden Valley it was so interesting the first real thing it's actually the moment the reimbursement when it started to become bad is when they started singing in the Shakespeare version which was really stupid we didn't need to hear all of that and then of course you can say it's rare that in performance between actors are just crazy nuts who cannot have the balls for some reason to have a life of their own so they imitate somebody else everybody can imitate an indeed luggage cook set actors I just can't allow you to tell them what to do and real artist is the director of the director of this movie made a wonderful work and I heard that he was saved by the actor when he had a heart attack himself well of course it is all very nice and soon but boom boom boom what can we say it was in total

Dick Cheney's apprenticeship during Nixon, Ford and Reagan, private sector exodus during Carter and Clinton and ascent to nearly unlimited power as Bush Jr's running mate / handler. It's hopeless to argue that this film doesn't have an agenda - the trailers alone should have made that abundantly clear - and it makes no effort to hide or balance that essential bias. Cheney is played as a man who values nothing beyond personal gain, even going so far as to ask "what should I believe in" during an informal chat early in his career. He's less transparent later on, as his understanding of political gamesmanship improves, and by the time he's asked to join the GOP ticket in 2000, he can ask for the moon.Basically, we're watching the birth of a hardened super-villain without the inconvenience of actually breaking any laws. Or, I suppose, of being caught for doing so. That's serious subject matter, but the tone varies unexpectedly from grim and straight to playful and silly. Often several times in one scene, which makes for a somewhat confusing viewing experience. It can't decide between hammering an important point and nailing a ripe punchline, valiantly tries to accomplish both and rarely succeeds at either. A gimmicky narrative style and ambitious use of jump cuts further muddy those waters.The acting follows suit. Some scenes are rich and effective, Christian Bale becoming the lead role in more than just a physical sense, while others just... don't work? Steve Carrell's casting as Donald Rumsfeld is a good example; a take that could have really come together, but plays instead like a weird mix of his better-known parts in The Office and Anchorman. It's an entertaining film and an important story, with a few hooks that almost sink in, but struggles with tonal inconsistency and an inner conflict that's never completely resolved.

Dick Cheney's (Christian Bale) rise from a boozy dropout to becoming the most powerful Vice President in American history, taking in his early days under Nixon and ultimately 9/11, the invasion of Iraq and the torture and surveillance programmes of the War On Terror. Imagine beaming back to 2004 and telling your younger, thinner self that the guy who made Anchorman would go on to become one of the most interesting political filmmakers America has produced in years. His follow-up to The Big Short, Adam McKay's Vice, with its sweep and cast of powerful people, is oddly reminiscent of Oliver Stone's Nixon, except the tone is far more amused than that film's operatic pomp - but in its own way just as angry. Vice does share some of Nixon's sprawl, though: it is focused on Dick Cheney, but also serves as a genealogy of the various mutations of the American right as it descended from cynical to genuinely ghoulish. Tellingly, at no point does any political character - and there are a lot to get your head around - talk about any issue in terms of ethics, morality, or benefitting people's lives, with Steve Carell's Donald Rumsfeld openly scoffing at the idea as he inducts Cheney into '70s Washington. Cheney's USP as a politician was an extreme form of cynical realpolitik and a willingness to go to, as he openly called it, the dark side. In one late-film monologue, he makes a case for this own Magnificent Bastard status, making that traditional villain's plea that he alone had the stones to make the decisions limp liberals couldn't. The film has the smarts to let him state his position, but also wisely chooses not to exonerate or soften a man with tens of thousands of bodies on him. But this is no dry piece of political analysis. Much like The Big Short, McKay plays formal games and deploys engaging performances to help the medicine go down. One mid-film gambit regarding a potential alt-timeline for Cheney is so bonkers it brings the house down, although repeated cutaways to reeling in fish as Cheney bends George W. Bush to his will do play a bit to the back row. It's no surprise at this point to say Christian Bale delivers a good performance, but he really is sensational here. Disappearing under make-up and a gut, and with an upper body he carefully trained to tally with the VP's hunched silhouette, he transforms into Cheney before your eyes. It's often too easy to hail performances like this for the perspiration more than the inspiration, but the feat Bale manages here is far more than just another body modification stunt. Nailing Cheney's distinctive growl, he creates a man where it's seldom clear if he has the dirty work foisted upon him, or if he seeks it out in a kind of moral martyrdom. Amy Adams, meanwhile, equals Bale as Lynne Cheney, who's a surprisingly compelling figure if you only know her from that namecheck in Eminem's 'Without Me'. In a performance very reminiscent of her turn in The Master, she easily hurdles any Republican Wife clichés and, as her husband's career comes home in ways you might not expect, she increasingly becomes the film's conscience - or lack thereof. Despite Bale's incredible work as Cheney this isn't really a character study. Just as The Big Short was a lesson in finance disguised as a caper, Vice is a lesson in American civics disguised as a political biopic. Thanks to Donald Trump, Presidential power and its limits are big questions at the moment, and the current incumbent haunts this film like a ghost. With every venal move Cheney and his cohorts make, you can feel the whole American system lurch one step closer to the disaster it's now mired in - and McKay gleefully suggests it deserves its current humiliation.

Vice is a new film adaptation of a biography. The film is directed and partly produced by Adam McKay, the director of The Big Short and The Other Guys.
The film is about the biography of Dick Cheney an American politician from the Republican Party. He was the 46th Vice President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 under President George W. Bush. Dick Cheney is played in the film by Christian Bale.
Dick Cheney was a modest bureaucratic insider from Washington, who quietly used an immense power as the vice president of George W. Bush (Sam Rockwell). Thus he re-shaped America and the rest of the world in ways we still see today.
This film is not told in a chronological way and is filled with time jumps from the present to the past and the future. The cast provides further comments with voice overs or in separate scenes.
Adam McKay also told the story in the movie The Big Short in such a way. Only this way of telling does not work as well as it did at The Big Short. At The Big Short he told the story about how smart investors benefited from their investment plans while the economy went the wrong way. With Vice he tries to show how with too much power and influence a politician can make corrupt decisions, without others being able to talk to him or stop his plans.Despite the fact that it is an interesting story, too many different things happen, which makes the story of the film somewhat messy. If Adam McKay had told the story in a chronological way and omitted the unnecessary extra scenes, the story would be a lot clearer.
What does help with the realistic transfer of the film are the film sets and costumes of the cast. These are always adapted to the different times in which the story takes place.
What the film really bears is the acting of the cast and then all the acting of Christian Bale. He comes across as realistic as Dick Cheney in the way he talks and the facial postures he has in conversations with different people. Christian Bale has also really arrived for this role. He has been nominated for this film for the Oscar for best Male lead. Other cast members such as: Amy Adams, Steve Carell and Sam Rockwell also perform well in the film. Some of them are also nominated for different Oscar prizes.

Adam McKay has such a unique brand of humour. I remember when I saw 'The Big Short' a few years back thinking how I had never seen a film like it before. 'Vice' is a quite a similar film in a lot ways. It's very self-aware and the humour is always edgy, cutting and dark. It's not a film you sit there and laugh out loud at like perhaps 'Anchorman' (also a McKay film believe it or not) but it is still unquestionably funny. For example the opening writing on the screen telling us that the film is 'Based on a true story' is possibly the funniest moment in the film and a prime example of what this film wants to be about. If you don't find that writing funny you should probably just leave the cinema at that point because you're not going to enjoy the film.Three actors from this film have been nominated for acting awards at the Academy Awards. Christina Bale for Actor in a lead role and Amy Adams and Sam Rockwell for Actress/Actor in a support role. Bale had an incredible transformation to prepare for the role and with a slightly stronger film and more scenes for him to impress us in he would have had a great chance of winning. As it stands I can't see him getting close however. It's the same story for the other two. Adams barely has anything to do in the film (Supporting Actress is a notoriously weak category) and Rockwell is actually fantastic (as always) but just isn't given enough to do.The problem with 'Vice' is that Dick Cheney just wasn't interesting enough to justify a movie about. The fact that this is as watchable as it is shows just how strong the writing and film making actually were. The second half of the film is the better of the two and it really picks up pace near the end. It even delivers a minor twist-ending of sorts. Sadly though I can't see this film being remembered. It just didn't have enough material to work with.

The movie is described as a comedy but for me, it was straight out scary. One man, just one with unquestionable authority caused the death of many innocent people, caused wars and led to the rise of the most deadly terror group today. And yet this man is not portrayed as a monster. He believes he did the right thing and the movie stays true to that. As the protagonist is someone so unlikable, the movie takes a light-hearted note in the narration, it is almost meta at times. Despite that, this movie is tough to digest.

The trailer for this film makes it seem like it's a romping good time; a tongue-in-cheek biopic about a powerful man who was a main player during a rough time in recent American history. The trailer is packed with action-hero music, slow motion strut scenes, and quirky, neutral dialogue. The real film starts in that same vein, but ends up being a slogging leftist dreamscape with pandering undertones of agenda-fueled propaganda. It begins like a film centered around Cheney's mystique, and ends as a film that wants to burn him alive and bury the ashes. The end-credits scene is especially distasteful, as it takes one last final jab at right-leaning America. Despite feeling betrayed by having bought in to the film's marketing, I still give it a 6/10 for Bale's incredible performance.

I love Christian Bale and this is some Oscar worthy performance. Amy Adams won't win Oscar but she deserves one for sure. I'm not American so I knew very little about him before the movie (that he shot guy in the face) so I don't know how much is this story true. McKay has unique style and I enjoy it especially the narrator (Jesse Plemons rocks). Maybe not best McKay movie but still enjoyable. This year we had First reformed and Vice and that is what Chenney did to this planet and Ethan Hawke. Don't be like Chenney.

I had very good laughs but the movie has a left wing bias.
Some of the events I knew about but in this film were magnified in order to be more attractive to younger audiences.

The film is a decent film, with great performances by Adams and Bale. The main problem is Adam Mckay. The director blends fact and fiction throughout the whole film. Viewers are left having to sort through what actual happened and what is simply speculated. Although Mckay states that the film is not 100% accurate, the claims that Cheney was responsible for the rise of terrorism in the Middle East that the film makes, is complete unfounded and misleading. The film is also a bit rushed towards the end, not going into any detail after the invasion of Afghanistan. The direction is a bit sloppy, some shots are beautiful and intense, and others are mundane and unoriginal. Mckay uses a Goodfellas like voice over which gets annoying after a while. He also takes plays from Forrest Gump, blending the actors into the real life footage.Once again the film is performance driven, and decent overall. As someone who likes biographies, I was disappointed at the lack of factual backing. I urge viewers to use caution and look up the fact from the fiction.

If nothing else, you could/should watch it for the great portrayals - great acting. Regarding a storyline - you'll just have to forgive since Bale (and Rockwell) give great performances. It's a bit all over the place.

But I felt it was a bit muddled and confusing at times.But maybe that was me. I'll watch it again at some point, after my head stops spinning, and give it another go!

Really wanted to see this because i'm always rooting for Christian Bale to remind everyone what a great actor he is, and here he proves himself once again that maybe he is the greatest "method" actor of all time!The Movie is going for the whole satire thing and most of the funny stuff works. But i was hoping for more of the cold-hearted political stuff. Unfortunately the film seemed pretty tame compared to how i pictured it in my head. There are to many random ideas thrown in here while at the same time there seems like a lot of wasted opportunity.You should give it a shot because of Bale but the rest of the film comes across as a bit full of itself.

This film does such an exquisite job of showcasing the farce that is US politics. Providing such a solid and thorough snap shot of one story among many that shows just how filthy American politics is. Christian Bale delivers the performance of a lifetime and the entire cast really wows when they each debut on the screen so casually. So many things to love about this film, so much fact and hard truth. I imagine so many people see this thinking its a biopic when in reality it's a harsh reveal of dirty truths and an aggressive critique of the American people. This film will slap any republican in the face and I'm happy about it. Acting, story, editing, pace, makeup, production, etc etc this film is Oscar worthy!

It's almost worth recommending for Bale's transformative performance alone; he's by far the best performer in the piece and the entire film is definitely a showcase for him. Unfortunately the filmmaking lets 'Vice' down. McKay's signature style, which really excelled in 'The Big Short' (2015), doesn't really work here and the whole thing suffers from big tonal inconsistencies. It doesn't know if it wants to be played satirical, comedic, or serious and ultimately horrific, leading to a blend of tone and styles that makes for uneven picture. The other thing is that it is definitely a film of two-halves. For the first half, it takes the shape of a more basic biopic of Cheney's life and how he came to have so much power. This portion of the piece is very slow-moving and ultimately quite un-engaging, despite McKay's attempts to diversify the genre. Thankfully, though, once the second half arrives, things get a lot more interesting as it is here where McKay's voice is heard and the film's purpose comes into play. During this portion, it is considerably more interesting, engaging and ultimately memorable. It's never a bad film by any means, but it had the potential to be a lot better. 6/10

Vice is an ostentatious, smug, heavy-handed and oversimplified intentional mess that's, nonetheless, highly entertaining, if not constantly engaging, movie littered with terrific performances from its star-studded cast.(6.5/10)

I'll try not to be biased when talking about this film but I really like Adam McKay as a director and I relate to his directing style a lot so it's gonna be pretty hard.
I'll start with the acting. It is my humble opinion that Christian Bale deserves the Oscar for this role. They might give it to Rami Malek for playing Freddie Mercury but I sincerely believe that Bale should get it this time. I mean just look at his body (no pun intended) of work and compare it to this role. Regardless of how similar he looks to the real Dick Cheney, just watch movies like American Psycho (2000), The Machinist (2004), The Prestige (2006), Nolan's Batman Trilogy (2005-2012), The Fighter (2010), American Hustle (2013) and Adam McKay's The Big Short (2015). He's never the same character. I've seen actors like Robert De Niro, Jared Leto, Marlon Brando, Charlize Theron, Jake Gyllenhaal, Matthew McConaughey and more gain and lose weights for roles but I've never seen anyone do it as much as Bale. It's literally insane and unhealthy but somehow he constantly pulls it off. Just give him the bloody statue already for God's sake!
Amy Adams is terrific as usual and her chemistry with Christian Bale is always amazing. It's like they were born for each other on screen. I've never EVER seen Sam Rockwell deliver a bad performance. He's still incredibly underrated as an actor in my opinion and I will never understand why. He always delivers and this performance is certainly no exception. I also think that Steve Carell did a tremendous job with his role. Could have just as well received an Oscar nomination for his role like Bale, Adams and Rockwell.To state the obvious, YES the movie is a bit too politically charged, but what do you expect from a movie about the former Vice President of the United States?
However I feel as if the audience should be able to set the political agenda aside and just simply enjoy the film for what it is. A critique on human behavior. I love how Adam McKay challenges the viewers and audience to think for themselves and use their brain and critical thinking. He constantly criticizes the group behavior and encourages individualism and that's what I love about him as a director. After all, it is the individual who suffers and not the group.
Us humans are not as smart as we like to think we are and Adam McKay is truly great at reminding us of this simple yet easily forgettable fact and I salute him for it.
Overall an entertaining, thought provoking and funny film with great performances from the cast and a witty, intelligent script.
8/10.

Top notch actors, obviously. It is filmed in a quirky way but it works. For a dull subject it does tell the story well. There is humour, suspense and a few facts that will make your blood boil. What I found the most interesting was it's ability to help me remember all the building blocks that have led to the current corrupt mess in the US. Overall I did enjoy it thanks to the fine actors involved. The Direction was what I like and the ending natural. My top tip is to not rush out when the credits roll. It is very clever in addressing the reaction it knows it will receive. A funny but sad ending. I recommend this movie 👍

A tremendous work of satire. McKay has perfectly trapped all that he went out to capture with this picture. But I must warn any future movie goers, this film left me unsettled and will keep me thinking for a long time.

'Vice' is directed by Adam McKay and tells the story of Dick Cheney and his rise in politics all the way up to his Vice President role. I was excited for this film for a number of reasons. I think Adam McKay is a very capable director and I was excited to see what a comedy writer could do with a biopic. Also, the cast sounded absolutely amazing and the make-up work that the trailers have shown looked really nice. For the most part, I had a really good time with 'Vice'. The performances are all outstanding, with Christian Bale's incredible transformation and commitment to the role really paying off and I definitely agree with his recent Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and Amy Adams and Sam Rockwell were really good supporting actors. The weakest performance for me was that of Steve Carell and that's because to me, the writing of his character made him feel less like Donald Rumsfeld and more like your typical Steve Carell comedy character. The writing of the film I felt was good, especially considering how it attempts to tackle the life of a very private character and that does really show because the writing does fail at times, but you can easily overlook this when thinking about how great other sequences were. Also, I was fairly surprised to see the level of comedy that the film has. From the opening, we are greeted with a very funny opening monologue on screen and from there, we see really nice moments of some genuinely funny comedy writing. Having said this, there are moments where the comedy misses by a mile and it really does show and it's here when the writing has small dips in quality. There is also another stylistic choice that the film makes and that made for some more fairly funny moments. Whilst the film does have some really awesome qualities, there are quite a few issues that I noticed. The main issue for me is how the comedic and serious tones of the film clash and this makes moments within the narrative feel very jumbled because it keeps going back and forth between very serious, character driven moments and moments of pure comedy. Also, some of the micro element aspects, especially the cinematography and editing, didn't really work for me. For example, certain sequences will suddenly cut to a different shot when it doesn't really feel necessary and they made some scenes very disjointed for me. Finally, the film has something that I HATE seeing in any biopic and that's timeline jumping. Towards the beginning of the film, the narrative feels like it's going somewhere with a certain element, but it just cuts to a part in the future and explains the time gap with some on screen text, so parts of the film felt very skimmed over and under explained. So far, 2019 has been a very conflicted year of film for me, with 'Glass' and now 'Vice' really dividing my opinion and I feel this film is going to continue to divide people. I have been debating whether to give this film a 6/10 or 7/10, but looking back on it, 'Vice' was a disappointing experience that had glimmers of real potential.

A great film with superb casting/acting. Would loved to have seen more of Sam Rockwell's George W. Bush which was hilarious. It just felt like Adam McKay wasn't sure himself what he wanted to do with the narrative towards the end was all. Still a great film well worth checking out.

In what has been a very bleak time for movies I looked forward to this for some time. Bale, once again, steals the show. I found myself in awe early on as Bale nailed a lot of Cheney's speech and mannerisms; only later was I able to see Bale coming through from time to time. Amy Adams is a solid counterpart. Rockwelll and Carell do a stand-up job to boot.While I realize it is popular, I'm not sure how I feel about jumping back and forth in time and feel I do prefer a more linear approach - although the scene where Cheney arrives at the White House for the transition of the Bush administration and thinks back to where he came from was poignant. I also feel mixed in how so many serious historical events are doused with comedic relief; yes parts caught me having a laugh, but I also found myself taken aback as to why I was finding the subject funny.Ultimately I left the theater tonight with no regret... Though I do think they left out a crucial scene during the events on 9/11 where the Secretary of Transportation, Norman Mineta, testified before the 9/11 Commision that, as flight 77 approached the Pentagon, Cheney was asked by an aide, "Do the orders still stand?", to which Cheney confirmed - and the Pentagon was hit. This also never made it into the 9/11 Commission Report and the exchange was recreated and reinterpreted by two Washington Compost writers. In the end, did I learn anything new? No. But I thoroughly enjoyed seeing Bale take that role on.

To make a long story short, this movie sucked. It was a pretty ridiculous political piece that literally labels Dick Cheney as Satan. Even for a satirical film, it was ridiculously bad. That being said, Christian Bale WAS Dick Cheney, and almost every other actor did a phenomenal job becoming political figures we all know (except Sam Rockwell).

Coming from the UK I don't know much about US politics and especially from this time, so I went into this film looking to learn.
The film doesn't offer much in that regard and seems to fly past some of the politics I would have been interested in. Right from the start the film makes fun of itself, it's subject matter and the Biopic genre. This is done a few times too many and takes away from what should be an interesting film. The film does well with some of the family aspects and the initial set ups between political figures. The main driving force in the film is to show why/how the Unitary Executive Privilege Law is used. The film shows how devastating that Law was and can still be. This is initially glanced over but later expanded upon and pushed far too many times.
All the acting is well done but not to the high standards the Award Nominations would suggest.The film wasn't interesting or intriguing enough to recommend but can offer a little detail into a very important part of US politics.The Darkest Hour is a much better example of his type of film.

I've come to the conclusion that me and Adam McKay just aren't ever going to get along. We're not, we are incompatible. His dramatic efforts consistently fall short, with 'The Big Short' being a tolerable piece of drama. Yet here we are with a biopic on Dick Cheney and how he rapidly became more and more powerful as he climbed up the governmental hierarchy. And much to my dismay (because I'll save you reading the rest of this review), I hated this.There was a "comedic" scene halfway through where the film playfully ends abruptly by rolling the credits, and I found my blood physically boil. I started to sweat and breathe extremely heavily through frustration. It was at the moment, I found myself irritated by Vice. McKay undoubtedly was the wrong director for this biopic. The visual distractions, fourth wall breaks, onscreen annotations and constant narration detracted from what could've been a superior drama. McKay having wrote the screenplay, who's background mostly consist of comedies, was unable to solidify the narrative's tone. For example, when Cheney persuades president Bush to invade Iraq, the proceeding scene is a montage of war-torn clips accompanied by a booming classical number. McKay believes this to be powerful, but actually it comes across as pretentious. This entire biopic is so large in scope, yet every aspect of Cheney's life was underdeveloped and unsurprisingly dull. It almost felt like a dramatisation of Cheney's Wikipedia page. The constant "witty" narration that explains every flippin' political term and individual as if we know absolutely nothing. A biopic should be informative enough to allow the people to be engrossing. Vice just spews jargon from every direction, to a point where I thought I needed to bring a notepad. Its ferocity just makes the film forgettable and far too clinical.Then we come to the treatment of Cheney and the viewpoint that McKay wanted to share. Throughout the entire film, it is heavily implied by Plemons' narration and McKay's introductory montage on how the world is now doomed, that Cheney is a bad individual. Every selfish action he took was just to improve his chances of becoming president. But, this is all diminished during the final scene when Cheney breaks the fourth wall and talks to us unintelligent viewers and spouts something like "You may hate me. But I did everything for my country. I protected the people I love.". Why? When you've spent over two hours depicting this individual to be a monster that you then decide to sit on the moral fence and leave the audience to decide if he was bad or good. That just sums up McKay in my opinion. Someone who needs to get off his high horse and stick to one tone, perspective and direction.It completely frustrates me that a film like this falls short, when the performances are so brilliant. Bale, in all his method acting glory, packs on the pounds and transforms himself to become Cheney. He was outstanding. His voice, mannerisms and physicality were the perfect imitations of Cheney. Adams yet again gives a solid performance to which she will not win any awards (one day though...). Carell and Rockwell were decent, although did not have enough screen time to make a big enough impact. I would even go as far as saying there were various scenes, particularly after the methodically dull first half, that nearly captivated me. The outside meeting where Bush is chomping on chicken and Cheney is using his power of persuasion was a glimpse of excellence. But McKay wastes his cast for annoying gimmicks, uninspired direction and unimaginative storytelling that nearly made me walk out of the cinema. Such a waste!

This was probably my most anticipated movie of 2018 and what a disappointment it turned out to be.The movie is sort of a mess. It suffers from having a lackluster story, that takes no liberties nor risks to tell itself - and it doesn't have enough material to give us anything special. The editing is a puzzled mess, jumping back and forth in time, which is a bit disorienting. It forces the story to never really thrive and flow - this - in combination with the heavy handed (and out of place) narraration, the movie never gets started. Then it ends.The editing is the movies biggest downfall, which I thought would be its strength. How is this movie nominated for best editing? I'll never know. If you're expecting a Guy Ritchie type editing style with a comedic tone to it, well, this is not it.The movie isn't especially funny. The laughs are few and far inbetween. It's not entertaining and therefore feels really slow and pandering, throwing off the pacing.Sure, on the good side - the makeup is great, the performances are all around very strong, especially Christian Bale. There's one or two strong scenes, but it can only do so much to save the film from itself.

Writer-director Adam McKay did a superb job illuminating the root of the financial crisis in 'The Big Short,' but his depiction of Dick Cheney's life in 'Vice' is far less cohesive, made all the more diluted by the constant cutaways that often seemed shoe-horned into the film.

The film boasts some stellar performances by Bale & Adams, but it suffers from poor direction and lack of a cohesive story structure. Frenetic editing, odd narrator choice, and true lack of information on what Cheney actually did hurts the film tremendously. The movie just takes instances that were publicly known and makes a film of it. Also liberties were taken with the portrayal of both G W Bush & Rumsfeld, making characters of themselves that would be better suited for a satire and not the film presented.Overall Cheney was presented very one note...not very complex and no real methods were presented in why his decisions were made. The movie doesn't completely make him out to be the ultimate villain, as they did show his endearing love to his family, but not trying to dig more into his reasons or motivations, will leave you wishing more research was done.The editing of the film was truly the biggest disappointment, as it reminded me of Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers or JFK, except where it worked in creating an atmosphere in both those films, here it distracts the viewer because it is pointless and has no bearing on the plot. It's truly a jumbled mess and amateurish at best.The recent nominations for Bale and Adams are deserved...Rockwell was good too, but his performance just didn't fit the tone of the film.In my opinion, it seems that the filmmaker originally wanted to present a satire mixed with drama, much like his earlier film The Big Short...However the execution did not live up to the expectation and the film falls flat because of it.

Well, first, this is Hollywood, so there is an obvious bias and slant this this movie. So take it as it is, I enjoyed the movie, gave me the 'other' side, I think they left a lot out, but, for a Hollywood 'documentary' especially on politics, it's a good movie that will make you question and make you want to learn more about our government system.

My son (age 22 next month) has been very interested in politics from a young age, so he asked me to go see "Vice" last night. Afterwards he asked why no one else in the theater was laughing like we were. I suggested that it might be because a dark satire isn't to everyone's taste. Here's my review in the form of a limerick."The sub-plot is about heart (literally)"The Dick Cheney story in "Vice" is told
Young dirt-bag drunk, becomes VP that's bold
Yeah, it's satire and dark
Christian Bale hits the mark
Despite FIVE heart attacks, Dick still grows old!

While McKay tries for the same success he had with The Big Short, he doesn't quite balance the drama and humor here. It is unambiguous that the performances across the board in Vice are top notch - Bale is wonderful and deserves to win best actor for it, and the supporting cast of Adams, Rockwell, and Carell are all excellent and realistic depictions. So many scenes are funny or enjoyable just because the actors engage us. There are definitely some great scenes here - the 20 minutes or so from when Cheney takes the job to him assembling his team and plotting ahead was a pleasure to watch and felt the most like a real character that Cheney felt all movie, and the ending scene with Cheney justifying and reaffirming his actions reinforced his image. For all of those scenes, there were far more head scratching choices or jokes that didn't land. The narration was an utter failure for me, as it was never funny, not necessary for exposition, and the heart scene felt forced and out of place. Many of those meta jokes fell flat - the bedroom scene with the soliloquy also added nothing, wasn't funny, and wasn't realistic. The dramatic scenes were often effective, but many of the comic scenes didn't flow naturally, and some scenes were jarring in their contrast. The heart scene certainly is an example, and the war scene was also a strange choice. I didn't find the comedy and drama to be effectively balanced, which it absolutely was in The Big Short.My biggest problem with the film was Cheney's inconsistency and unclear character arc. Early in the movie, he is portrayed as aimless and spurred on solely by fear of losing Lynne. The sudden, single moment complete 180 seems unrealistic, but what's worse is that you would never guess that's his backstory if you came in 20 minutes into the film. His rise to political power is completely unexplained and glossed over, which is strange both because it's a sharp change from his early character so should be essential to the plot, and also because his roles as Chief of Staff and Secretary of Defense are significant, yet we don't get any sense of what his actions or role were. Once he comes to the vice presidency, it's a clear narrative of him purely craving power and never concerning himself with morals or other's feelings. We never really get a sense of what goes on in his mind aside from a couple good scenes mentioned earlier, and this combined with the seemingly contradictory and poorly explained character arc we're given, makes for a wholly dissatisfying character study.Vice is a movie I at most points enjoyed, but as I looked back on it found more frustrations and flaws than satisfying conclusions. I love the performances and there's no doubt in my mind that there is an exceptional movie somewhere in that screenplay, but this simply was not it. I did have a positive experience watching it, and while I've focused mostly on its flaws, I like the issues it tackles and most of the devices it uses. Some that were ineffective and a couple overarching plot frustrations cloud the experience, and it by no means is a great movie or comparable to The Big Short, but it's one worth watching.

Vice is actually a very hysterical and ironical movie that in my point of view shouldn't be told like that.
On the one hand, it is hilarious and the characters are so well-played by the actors. But in my opinion, this film is too political. I mean, it's like an undeserved revenge to the acts done by Potus and VP at that time, which are past now.
Vice targets Cheney and hits him hard with a perfectly-written satire by McKay, but that said, everyone has its political view and it's hard to blame and target Cheney hard for what have been done between 2001-2008, and tell his bad manners in a film. I thought movies were made for everyone, and it shouldn't be Hollywood's purpose to change Republicans into Democrats. This movie even brings hatred and division to some people.
All that said: I think Bale's work is perfect, make up artists' works were perfect. The satire itself is well-written and provocative as I think, the director wanted it to be. "Vice" 's message was clear but not that fair I think. It's difficult to give it 10/10 as its message can divide people and disrepect someone still alive and still living in America.
