
Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies." I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I pay them no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people were moved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now to admit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's get something straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film. You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialogue falls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of New York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held it together beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, just as they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port in Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right ahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams of the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the love theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such an interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I saw crying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your hearts to Titanic, and you will not be disappointed.

Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fiancé, Cal Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects, beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever. I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10

Ah, yes, the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom, became the first film to gross $1 billion, and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years (only to be kicked off the top by another James Cameron film, Avatar).It is said 'Titanic' is the film with the most continuity errors of all films. Despite this, though, the film was indeed a masterpiece. The sheer scale of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing! The sinking of the Titanic was the greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they actually really sunk the ship. Off course, that was not the case, though, as it were all (very elaborate) sets, most of which were destroyed during the making of the film.Leonardo made for a very likable hero, quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to. The young lovers were so different and yet so alike, and their love story was almost endearing. I must admit, the jumping backwards and forwards in time was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic. They should only have told the 1912 story. Apart from that, the film was thrilling, exciting and fascinating in every sense of the word!

Firstly and foremostly, I am a guy, which (in most cases) means I did not go see Titanic to see DiCaprio...although I think he can be a great actor.  Reading through earlier comments, i grew a bit weary of hearing about lame script and shallow characters.  I went to see a ship sink...the plot and the characters were, at least to me, a kind of icing on the Cake.  I actually think a lot of the characters were done well; that is, by the time they die in freezing water, you actually felt a tinge of sadness for them.  But , by the time Titanic was over, I was sufficiently moved to make me tell people that it was a great movie.  Kate Winslet was good, Kathy Bates was perfect, Leo was ok (I'll give you people that - I've seen him shine like I know he can ... Basketball Diaries, Romeo & Juliet).  But ultimately, the Titanic sinks...and it was absolutely stunning.  Bravo to Cameron.  He didn't just show us a large ship sinking, he showed us the back half of it crashing down on a hundred freezing, drowning people; he showed us a third class mother attempting to sing her children to sleep because she knew they were all doomed (broke my heart - i cried the most right there at that point), he showed people who worked extremely hard to get OUT of the bowels of the ship only to be sucked back in when a random window shattered and the water carried them on back in...detail.  I like detail in a movie.  Very impressive job.

To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it?  IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss.  The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think.  I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book.  It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.  I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that?  It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet.  I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.

I avoided watching this film for the longest time. Long before it was even released I had dismissed it as an over-hyped, over-blown, overly romanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it. I never watched it in the theatre. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it. Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school public speaking contest. One of the girls spoke about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "you might be right, but if she liked the movie that much maybe she'll want to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie must have done something right to get her so interested." "Well, maybe," thought I. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll give it a look see." I didn't want to like it - and I didn't. I loved it! What a great movie.Where to start? First - the directing. My high school public speaking contestant was right. James Cameron does a superb job of creating an almost "you are there" type of atmosphere. The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. The nonchalance as news of the iceberg first spreads; then the rising sense of panic. You don't just watch it; you really do feel it. Then - the performances. The lead performances from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet's being the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girl/poor boy characters down to a perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, though, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the snobby aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I'm no expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a super job of recreating the historical details accurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On."Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too contrived, in the sense that I just don't accept that Jack could have moved so effortlessly from steerage to first class. (I know he was invited the first time; but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stopped until he's been there for a while.) The realities of the separation of the social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought, when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoy half empty lifeboats. A minor quibble, though. This is truly an excellent movie. My only regret is not seeing it in the theatre, where I think it would have been so much more impressive.9/10

James Cameron's 'Titanic' shares a similar motto to Marmite, "you either love it or hate it", I for one love this film, yes I know it's got a drawn out romance story, but there's just something about the 3-hour fill of the film that makes its such a spectacularly emotional and beautiful movie. I saw this a lot when I was growing up, this was one of the films of my childhood, it is truly a powerfully resonant and visually stunning movie of epic proportions. Personally I favour the British original 'A Night to Remember', but this is a pretty close contender. Winner of 11 Oscars, James Cameron's romantic-disaster epic is a triumph of cinema that boasts perfect chemistry between Kate and Leo as the lovers bound for tragedy. Many people disregard this film nowadays solely because it's become the most popular film ever made alongside Cameron's other epic 'Avatar', and whilst 'Titanic' is definitely not one of my favourite films, it's just so powerfully amazing and no doubt at all it has once brought a tear to everyone's eyes. The main aspect I love in this film is James Horner's haunting score that was a key ingredient in the film's success, it is simply perfect, too bad Celine Dion had to close this on her awful pop version. Nonetheless, 'Titanic' is a modern classic and a beautifully spectacular film that will live on.

Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack. This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over again.

I saw this movie opening day and it took my breath away. James Cameron's fictional story of Jack and Rose entwined with real life occurances was haunting and absolutely beautiful. He is an amazing director and writer that this movie would not have worked without him.Kate Winslet was stunning as Rose and this movie belonged to her as you couldn't imagine anyone else playing this role.Leonardo DiCaprio was really good as Jack and  he should have had an  an Oscar nomination for this role and the ever brilliant Billy Zane didn't disappoint in his role as Rose's fiance Cal. His portrayl of Cal was so evil that despite being an awful person, you couldn't help but feel sorry for him, especially when despite all his doings he loved Rose so much.
James Horner's music was just as haunting and he always lifts the movie he works on to the ultimate level.Kathy Bates was equally impressive in a small role and provided quite a few of the laughs of the film. Everything from the special effects, to the sets to the costumes were pure magic.This would have to be one of the most wonderful films of the 20th Century and one that will never be forgotten.

Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story on the historical setting of the Titanic.  The plot is simple, noncomplicated, or not for those who love plots that twist and turn and keep you in suspense. The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film, but the love story is an interesting one, however.  Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady betrothed by Cal (Billy Zane). Early on the voyage Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower class artist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game.  If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are so concerned with their social worries.  The two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic primarily through their eyes.The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group searching for treasures, that sunk with the Titanic, which has recently occurred.  One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard of the exploration of the wreck on television and is flown to the boat where the search is being led from to tell of what she remembers to help the search.  She gets to telling her memory of the one and only voyage of the Titanic.  With this, the scene shifts to Southhampton, Ireland where the Titanic set sail from on April 10, 1912 as all the passengers are boarding.  After another stop on the Irish coast Titanic went out to see on its maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York. Historically the first few days of the voyage went by uneventful, but the fictional plot of the story is developed during this time as Rose sees the hopeless entrapement of an engagement that she is in to the wealthy Cal Hockley and falls in love with third class passenger, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith alledgedly as shown in the movie was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so they would make the newspaper headlines and receive extra publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday night and not on Friday morning as planned.  Smith then ordered the fateful decision going against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch the Titanic's legs out to full speed.  The Titanic had reports that the waters in the Atlantic they were sailing in were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the movie.  On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted.  They attempted to shut off the engines and turn the ship out of the path of the iceberg but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the film.  The portrayal of the many small holes in the side of the ship and not one large gash along the side is accurate.  The crew of Titanic sent out distress calls and set off distress rockets as shown until 2:18 when the lights finally failed.  The lights of the California were spotted six miles away but they failed to realize what was going on and did not respond to Titanic's many pleas for help.  The California had tried earlier in the day to warn Titanic of the severe ice that had caused them to stop their trip but Titanic had brushed them off causing the California to turn off its radio and leave the Titanic on its own.  The first class women and children were the first as depicted to be put into the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship.  Overwhelmingly the third class passengers suffered the most amount of deaths of any class and the crew was hit hard in this tragedy too. The word of White Star Line employees and first class passengers was believed over that of second and third class passengers when authorities were trying to gain information of the sinking.  Also, the metal that was used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under conditions of severe cold, which were experienced the night Titanic sank to be extremely brittle.  Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of the events and the times at which these events took place on the Titanic.Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters to represent possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship.  The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother all were fictional characters added into the story as they represent different groups of people from the time.  Yet many characters such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line Representative, Bruce Ismay; and all of the Titanic's officers were real.  The maiden voyage was going to be Captain Edward Smith's last voyage anyway as he planned to retire afterwards.  He had been a part of the White Star Line since 1880 where he worked his way up to his status as the Millionaire's Captain when the Titanic sunk.  The portrayals of the officers is accurate as only four survived the tragedy except for the officer who threatened to kill all of the passengers of the ship with his pistol.  He is on record as acting heroicly and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the officer's former Canadian hometown. As shown in the movie there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower-class passengers from non-English speaking nations.  In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who came back in the lifeboat as depicted.  The old people shown in their bed as the water came in their room were based on the Strauss'.  Not wanting to leave her husband's side Mrs. Strauss refused to get in her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic.  Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim who was shown sipping his brandy and smoking a cigar reportedly did go out like this dressed in his best.  The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan died nonetheless as well, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later had medals made up for the crew of the Carpethia that picked the survivors of Titanic up from the water.  Her ticket on the Titanic had cost over four-thousand dollars and by the end of her life she ended up broke.  All of the interiors of the ship were masterfully replacated down to the last pieces of china and silverware. The gymnasium, which is hardly seen is recreated perfectly with all of the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs.  The wonderful outfits and costuming were an excellent re-creation of the Post-Victorian era of 1912.  The rich at this time practically ruled everything, as the women's suffrage movement had not quite gotten moving yet.  Women during this time often married for financial security as Rose was considering doing and normally took a back seast status to their husbands as Cal wished for Rose to do.  The rich did not take well to `new money' such as Molly Brown as depicted.  Everything of the time was very formal.  Women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen with in the dining scenes. Smoking was not very common among women of the time but holders of cigarettes, which were just coming in at the time were used as seen with Rose in the movie.  Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes. Women were constained physically by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no background in historical films he brought in experts of Titanic coupled with two years spent cross-referencing the history of the Titanic and few liberties were taken.  The beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped to make the film even more breathtaking.A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic as the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their demise.  The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this time of crisis in people's lives.  Everyone reacts differently and he gets you to think of how you might have reacted had you been in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night.  In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990's when it was produced as it gives a look into the wreck of the Titanic.  Only in the past fifteen years has the site of the actual Titanic been found and explored.  This movie was able to give us a deeper look into a disaster that many would not have viewed.  However, the moral question of whether people today should be taking treasures from the wreck of an underwater graveyard is posed.  There have been attempts to stop treasure seeking missions such as the one portrayed in Titanic but all have failed.  As it stands today anyone can make a voyage to the Titanic and take whatever valuables they as portrayed in the film showing the general values of our time on this matter.
Technically the film is very well done.  To get footage of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean it took twelve dives to get all of the footage needed for the movie.  In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean.  Cameron did not plan on using the probe to go as far inside Titanic as anyone has in the 88 years since the ship sunk but it worked out that this provided an unique perspective into the ship.  Furthermore, throughout the film fade ins and outs from the wreck of Titanic to the scene of Titanic during its actual voyage.  This shift between the modern scene to the past scene during the voyage works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in aclear manner.  At the very beginning of the movie a septune recreation is used to recreate the scene when the actual people left the European coast on Titanic giving it distinction from the rest of the events of the film.Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic.  Like most history novels, we know the ending, but it doesn't take away from the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award material including costuming, sound, cintematography, and editing.  If you like interesting characters that will give you an insight into the life of characters in the early 1900's and how they face disaster, then this movie definitely is for you.

I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talking about this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else people wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.  I personally enjoyed this film immensly, and still do!  I guess this film isn't for everyone, but it certainly did touch the hearts of many. As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or "over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that! lol*  You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a "HIT" with the general movie-going public.  PEOPLE make the film a huge success.  With Titanic, everyone was in awe.  Let's face it, a film like this had never been made before.  At least not with the type of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912. Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!  Give this movie a break you guys!  The critics thought this movie would sink BIG time!  When this movie actually came out and people started hearing by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that this was a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more!  So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was "overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the HULK is being "overhyped".  ha!  Critics didn't even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a film.  However, the films money took care of that 200 million budget and MUCH more!  Personally, I LOVE this film.  However, this film might not be for everyone. DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!  THat is the most sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a movie just because it has romance in it!  The story was sweet.  The dialogue could have been better, but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was that GIGANTIC Ship!    I think all of the actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job.  It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTER work from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. Give them a break!

This movie re-wrote film history in every way.  No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.  Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it.  It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe.  One for the ages.

James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence, a timeless tragic love story set against the background of this major historical event... It's an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope, love and humanity... Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma... Conveying passion, trust, insouciance and ingenuity, he's a free-spirited wanderer with artistic pretensions, and a zest for life... Kate Winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself, one night, plunged to the depths of despair...Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, abusive and ultra rich who would lie, cheat, steal, bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat... He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI...Kathy Bates is the legendary unsinkable Molly Brown, the richest woman in Denver, who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship...Frances Fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who, deathly afraid of losing her social stature, forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich, supercilious snob...Victor Garber is the master shipbuilder, the real-life character who attempts to fix time, to measure it, in a sense, to make it into history... Jonathan Hyde is the White Star Chairman who wants the Titanic to break the Trans-Atlantic speed record, in spite of warnings that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing...Bill Paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean." Gloria Stuart is the 101-year old woman who reveals a never-before told love story... The nightmare, the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face... 'Titanic' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as the footage of the shipwrecked Ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken 'Titanic' that takes the viewer back to 1912, revealing the meticulously re-created interiors; the first sight of the Titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny; the Titanic, leaving the Southampton dock, and some dolphins appear jumping, racing along in front of the luxurious ship; DeCaprio and Winslet flying at the ship's front rail in a gorgeous magic moment; the intertwining of past and present as Jack was drawing Rose on his paper, the camera zooms closely on young Rose's eye, only to transform its shape into Gloria Stuart's aged eye...Chilling scenes: Titanic's inevitable collision with destiny; James Cameronin one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film takes us down with the Titanic, finally leaving us floundering in the icy water, screaming for help that never comes...Winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, James Cameron's "Titanic" is a gigantic epic where you don't just watch the film, you experience it! The visual effects are amazing, like no other film's... The decor is overwhelming... James Horner's music intensifies the emotions... The whole movie is hunting and involving, filled with a wide range of deep feelings... It's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship...

Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?) but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence, assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful, even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage. And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic, enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher than 7.7.

I don't know how to explain my feelings, but this movie give tears for my eyes...

It's really quite odd. When Titanic first came out,the reviews were mixed but the public generally loved it,those who disliked the film were definitely in the minority. Over the years,it has became somewhat fashionable to slag Titanic off,even if a great many of those people who did so were probably amongst those who made it such an enormous hit in the cinemas. Titanic is flawed,definitely,sometimes greatly so. However,it's also a tremendous achievement for it's director James Cameron. Mixing a real disaster with romance is harder to do than some might think. Maybe he did have a right to say "I'm king of the world" when the film won Best Picture at the Oscars. Just once.The modern day opening is excellent,making effective use of some of Cameron's real footage he took of the sunken Titanic. There is a real sense of mystery. Than we flash back to the Titanic being boarded,and the film stalls just a little for around two hours. The attention to detail is amazing {even all the cutlery matched,you know} and there is nothing wrong with an extremely slow build up to action-think of The Seven Samourai. However,the central romance between Leo and Kate is often badly written and unconvincing. For a start Kate's Rose would certainly not have done two things she does in the film as quickly as she did {Obviously thousands of teenage girls seeing the film in 1997 would disagree with my views}. We also have to suffer Cameron constantly labouring the point that the poor people on the ship are better than the rich people.However,the final 80 or so minutes,detailing the sinking,is simply brilliant film making. The suspense is built expertly,even though we know what will happen,and climaxes with some technical shots which are still impressive. Perhaps there is a little two much emphasis on the central couple,but there are some truly moving moments,and it really feels true,although of course Cameron did play with the facts a little here and there,as at least one descendant of one of the survivors has pointed out. The following sequence involving the boats is extremely haunting,with some especially good use of sound. As for the final scene,it does manage to be pretty moving,it's schmaltzy but it works {though hardly original,think of Somewhere In Time and various 40s romantic fantasies}.Titanic has some excellent use of CGI {watch out for the transitions from present to the past on the sunken ship} and one glaringly bad special effect-the iceberg which looks like polystyrene. James Horner's best selling score is really quite poor and only occasionally brings the emotion it should do. Performances are generally excellent and sometimes succeed in overcoming some thin characterisation {such as Billy Zane as Rose's fiancée,who even has to suffer with far too much eye make up!}Overall Titanic is still worth seeing,and sometimes it really does hit the heights that it should. It succeeds more than it fails,which is impressive in a film as ambitious as this.

Thirteen years after Titanic launched and all it takes is the first few bars of that haunting music to transport me back to my first time watching the movie in the theater. It was beyond comprehension - the entire spectacle and production. I bought the books, read the history books and found myself immersed in all things Titanic.I didn't hurt that my great, great aunt was on the ship and survived. It makes it a little personal for me. In fact, I happen to own one of the only objects in existence that came off of the ship into a lifeboat and did not go into the water.Love the movie - it still is #1 in my book.

You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching, SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old. This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece!

An extraordinary interest still exists in Cameron's film, still argument rages over just how good it is. The timing of its release was significant, the obsession with the film might be explained as a form of pre millennial tension at the close of the most murderous century the human race has known, a century which began with such hope and optimism, and in which the Titanic was ironically such a proud symbol. 'A Night to remember' was released amid worries about the Bomb and the feeling that science was again out of control. 'Titanic' amid millennial jitters. The most discussed aspect is the script, there are lines in the film that are moronic, irritating, senseless and just plain dumb. Others were quoted from the U.S.Senate Enquiry, which proves how people then had a better command of language than we do. Why do Jack and Rose board at Southampton when they've come from Paris? Why doesn't the diamond fall out of Rose's pocket going down with a sinking ship? Why doesn't she find it in her pocket on the Carpathia before reaching New York? Why is it that you can be rude to the ship's owner, assault and abuse the staff, 'fly' from an offlimits bow, run through boiler rooms and cargo holds, cause two stewards looking for you to drown, distract the lookouts, climb in and out of lifeboats, damage property, and NEVER get into trouble? Why do the steerage accept rich snooty first class gatecrashing their party? Why, why, why?Too much time is spent on the wrapping footage, though the unseen sunken interiors are breathtaking. The taste of showing the Titanic sinking like a computer game in front of a survivor isn't questioned. The dissolve of the wreck into the pristine ship packs an emotional wallop every time. Winslet isn't a great actress, she plays the same in every film. On Leo, when Titanic leaves port in a classic series of images, we feel his joy. But it's downhill from here.The engine room montage is another classic, but it's looking artificial. Murdoch's feet are all over the deck. The ship looks like it's populated by the Thunderbirds.Relief, Victor Garber arrives as Thomas Andrews and gives the dialogue meaning, conviction, dignity and charm, quite a feat since thanks to Cameron's warped priorities he only speaks two lines. A thing apparent in Rose is how lacking in charm she is, lighting up at table, and indelicate. No Edwardian. And as this film isn't subtle, but whacks you on the head and biffs you in the stomach we must have the class speech straight away. Tommy Ryan is the most irritating character I've seen on screen and completely unlike any Irish I've met. The next situation isn't credible. Isn't there a better way of introducing these two than the unbelievable jumping off the stern. There is one good line in the dull walk and talk that a first class wench would have said 'This is MY part of the ship' huffs Rose. But with the spit scene any hopes of a romantic wallow are dead.The cheek of the dinner party is how Jack Dawson, somebody who if Rose had chopped his hand off with the axe, would have been pushed to earn a living, has the temerity to lecture a brilliant engineer, a captain with 40 years experience and captains of industry on how to live life, when he hasn't started shaving himself. We need a unmaterialistic message in films, even if it would come better from a director who hadn't overspent his budget by $100million. But the portrayal of rich and poor is straight out of a propaganda film for the gulag.It's a pity, there is such a brilliant Irish band on board, and there aren't equally brilliant dancers.Whether the film has a Christian message at the core or if it's proclaiming that doing your own thing is more important, it's hard to say. The divine service was open to all classes so Jack being turned away is misleading and pointless. A stunning scene on the bow but there hasn't been a romantic exchange yet between this couple that convinces us. Such models of taste and discernment and the brightest thing they say about Monet is that his use of colour is extraordinary. The funniest line in film history: 'This is a ship, only so many places she could be'. The next shot: Titanic bowling merrily along. A thousand rooms!The iceberg finally turns up, the collision is breathtaking, the acting top notch and inseparable from the historical event even if Titanic hits the only iceberg in the whole Atlantic. The surreal party with music and lifejackets shows Cameron can write. Sometimes. But Jack manacled up is tedious and the crew wouldn't have done that on a sinking ship. The real story is lost in Rose running around. The lifeboats when we see them are done far better than any other version, and the timeline makes perfect sense.Titanic alone and helpless, a tiny ship with a futile rocket in an empty ocean is inspired. The film takes on a different dimension and has a touch of the sublime. The images that accompany the hymn are elegiac and perfect. The choreography around the last two boats can't be surpassed. Now we do feel a sense of the panic and despair. The water through the dome, a baptism of fire. No one can fail to be moved by the 20 minutes of terrible destruction. The lifeboat scenes couldn't have been done better, and the Carpathia is a painting brought to life. How exactly Rose retains her incognito through the years when she's a publicized actress, an aviator and everything else in the known universe isn't explained. The ending is a straight pinch from 'Somewhere in time' which did a better job of a love story set in 1912. The frustrating thing is how many things ARE done well. There are gems of writing and acting. It looks terrific. But it proves that you can recreate the cutlery, carpets, staterooms, clothes, but it's so much harder to recreate history. It isn't 1912. And half the film isn't Titanic.

It's a crying freaking shame that this outstanding movie's rating has been dragged down by small people who hate it because it was successful. You should be ashamed of yourselves. When I first saw it I thought it was the perfect movie, and it's still one of my favorites 8 years later. It's got sexual tension, action, social commentary, and the acting doesn't suck. It's even got Bill Paxton, one of my top 10 criteria for a great movie. What's so horrible about it that it deserves an aggregate 6.9? The only reason I can think of is this perverse habit people have of hating anything that makes so much money or is otherwise successful that it makes them doubt their own worth. That's just sad, and you shouldn't take it out on an innocent blockbuster.

It really physically hurts me when i don't see it in top 250 in IMDb's list.I am from India where the general perception of Hollywood movies are that they are more action oriented big budget entertaining films.We consider our films to be more emotional and poignant.However this movie is the most heart touching story i have ever seen on screen.I could see people's faces with tears rolling down after departing from the cinema hall.I could hear my father saying " Never knew that these people could make such heart warming movies".Maybe i am going a bit too far.But this is my way of paying tribute to the greatest movie ever made.

The special effects are great in this film, and the love story is compelling. Even though there is no uncertainty as to how this movie plays out, it is still quite dramatic and interesting. Plus, you have to marvel at a movie that managed to win the Academy Award for best picture and was also a huge box office hit - a distinction shared with few films over the last twenty years.However, there are a few oversimplifications of the social situation of the passengers in the context of the realities of the early 20th century that bug me every time I watch this movie. First off, there is a heavy handed message of rich = bored and unhappy, poor = genuine and full of life. Given that there was absolutely no social safety net anywhere in the world in 1912, there could be nothing more brutal and grinding than being poor in that era, as if there is any such thing as "easy poverty" at any point in history, including today.Second, and somewhat accompanying the first sticking point, is the idea that Rose will somehow be free to be something out of a 1969 Virginia Slim's commercial if only she can lose that rich stiff she is engaged to (Billy Zane's character, Cal) and run off with kindred free-spirit Jack. This illusion not only confronts the fact of grinding poverty in early 20th century America, this flies in the face of entrenched sexism enshrined in the law during that time that wasn't even confronted as a problem until the 1960's. Who, in 1912, is going to let Rose put on a pair of jeans and ride side-saddle on Coney Island? Let her learn to pilot a plane? Allow her to pursue her career goals unless they involve teaching school, nursing, or performing (i.e. doing something that involves serving men)? And even learning those skills cost money she did not have. The fact is at that time a woman in America or anywhere else in the world was considered property. She could either be the property of a rich man (evil Cal) or a poor man. The only main character in this movie that seems to be facing facts is Rose's mother who shows genuine terror at the idea of being poor again - and she SHOULD be afraid, VERY afraid.I once had a 3rd sticking point, but it has been nullified over the last ten years. That sticking point was that Billy Zane's character could feel so superior and entitled given that his wealth and stature were accidents of birth, not the fruits of his own enterprise and imagination. I have since come to realize that some of the smuggest most entitled people on earth are those that were born into their circumstances, so I withdraw that objection.This movie did do a service by dispelling the myth that the slogan on the Titanic was "women and children first", when it was, in fact, "first class women and children first". In reality, if you were a first-class woman, you had a 97% chance of survival, and just about every first class woman that did die chose to stay behind because she did not want to leave her husband. If you were a female steerage passenger you had about a 45% chance of survival. Worse yet, third class children had a 1 in 3 chance of survival, which was the same rate of survival as the first class men. Not one of either the first or second class children died on the Titanic.Thus, I still enjoy the movie immensely, but I think that the false presentation of early 20th century social reality will always bother me a little every time I watch the film.

For me, the best film of all time, as a work of art, his memory is perpetual in my memory and his greatness to this day excites me.

Such a beautiful love story. one of the most legendary movies ever made, and i love it so much! acting is really amazing, leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are both so talented and they nailed their parts! the plot is super good, and i don't think this classic contains any negative things, except jack's death and the fact that this movie is very sad.. but i'm still giving it a 10 because let's face it, it's a classic. duh

Even though some of the actual events did not occur in reality as portrayed in the film, I feel as if the film portrayed the events to the best of their ability. I thought that the film did a good job of displaying the hardships and diversity between social classes. The character's interactions and emotions about the situations and conflicts they were faced with were also depicted well. Leonardo DiCaprio (one of my favorite actors) and Kate Winslet play amazing roles as Jack and Rose, and they do it justice! The connection and relationship between the two is a story in itself within the film as well as the ship's tragedy.As a young girl I watched this movie many many times with my grandmother. After watching it so much I became obsessed with learning about the Titanic. To this day I still enjoy doing research about the actual ship, the people aboard, the engineers who built the ship, the accident, the aftermath, and what is still being found in the bottom of the Atlantic. Eve since I was young I have loved The Titanic. I hope you do too!!

When you have a film this big and successful, it just stands to reason that a number of people are going to try to bash it. Especially when it happens to be a romance. And sure enough, I am the only male I know who has anything positive at all to say about it. Is all of the criticism warranted? Let's see...Jim Cameron didn't need to create this huge-scale, heavily detailed historical drama to prove to me he was a great director. This film did pretty much convince the rest of the movie-going world, though. We all know the story of this great luxury liner sinking to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean on that chilly April evening in 1912. The substantial loss of life still ranks among the great human tragedies of recent history (9/11, Pearl Harbor, etc). Cameron spared no cost of either time or money to make the ship and its furnishings look exactly as they would have on that maiden voyage. In terms of technical detail, this film is without peer.
The cast is generally appealing. Leo DiCaprio is far from a world-class actor, but his enthusiastic and earnest portrayal of Jack Dawson couldn't have been done better. Kate Winslet looks right in her element as a pampered young debutant trying to brake away from her boring life consisting of endless dinners and tea parties. Kathy Bates as "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" is always likeable and the rest of the cast (mostly Brits) does a good job of filling out their respective roles of cast and crew. Billy Zane gives the film's best performance as Winslet's greedy, snobbish fiancee. He is one of our most underrated actors. And you have to love David Warner as his bodyguard/enforcer.   As far as the special effects go, it's hard to imagine the sinking of the ship could have been filmed any better. Each time you view it, you seem to get a different perspective of just how lucky any of those passengers were to survive not only the actual sinking, but waiting around in life boats for help to arrive. As of this writing, only three known survivors are still alive. One can only imagine how many countless hours it took to conceive of, shoot, and edit the last hour of the film. The results are terrific.There are flaws in the overall mix, however. Some of the dialogue (Mostly Leo's) is down right corny. "When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to lose!" or "You seem like kind of an indoor girl" are two examples. Also, the notion that a guy from steerage class could go up and mingle with the first class passengers under any circumstances is not plausable. Keep in mind that a first class ticket on Titanic in today's economy would go for $80,000! These were some RICH people, and they wouldn't have let a guy like Dawson near them.Anyone who watches this film will have to endure numerous scenes of sappy romance. This film is a romance above all else. Just tough it out if it bothers you. It's not that bad.This film is tragic, exciting, sensual, pretentious, corny, extravagant, and even a little cheesy. And I love EVERY DAMN MINUTE OF IT!!!!!!!!5 of 5 stars.So sayeth the Hound.

This is EXACTLY what I think: It annoys me when people say they don't like this movie. Yes, it might not be a masterpiece but this was a damn good cinematic achievement. Ben-Hur has a higher rating than this and it's about a man and his encounter with Jesus. If they have an epic with Jesus mentioned that is IN the IMDb top 250, then they should have this movie in the Top 250. This was a very realistic movie. Yes, James Cameron might have stretched some issues but they are very plausible.I always tear up when the music gets intense (anyone who has seen this, will know what I mean) or when I hear the Academy Award winning song that was in this movie (My Heart Will Go On) I tear up. This is the ONLY movie that has made me cry. I don't think I'll find another epic like this that'll make me cry.I've watched about 3/4 of all the movies in the Top 250 and at the very least HALF of them are unworthy of the place they are in. Hell, about a third of what I watched ought not to be on this list but maybe 150 places above the Bottom 100 and that's me being nice.People just have to watch this movie with ABSOLUTELY NO BIASED OPINION or preconceived notion that they heard it was bad. That's how I came to love it. It's now my favorite movie of all time.The effects are the best I've seen since the epics of the 50s. The acting was brilliant and Gloria Stuart should have won Best Supporting Actress for Old Rose. Hell, Kathy Bates should have grabbed a nomination at least. Not a win, but just a nomination. Maybe Victor Garber should have gotten a nomination for Best Supporting Actor. The same with Jonathan Hyde. That's how believable I think this was. The second movie to win 11 Oscars in cinematic history and THE highest grossing movie of all time. This ought to be right up there in the ratings with Ben-Hur.People have to think twice about the rating they gave it and give it a higher rating. That's my opinion. I don't care what anybody thinks about it, it is just out there. Like it or hate it, think twice on this movie before giving it a low rating.15/10! That's what I believe.

The problem director and writer James Cameron faces with a story about the Titanic is that the majority of his audience will know what happens. So to make his audience care, he switches the action and main plot from the ship, to a socially inappropriate love story between Jack Dawson and Rose Dewitt Bukater. The trouble is that by incorporating the love story theme into the story, he seems to detract from the feel and humanity that previous Titanic films like A Night to Remember have had. Cameron instead opts for two separate halves to the story rather than melding the two separate elements together. The first half concentrating on building an audience rapour with the two main characters, while the second half concentrates on the special effects fuelled sinking of the doomed liner. This would be forgivable if it weren't for several key factors from the first half, the main weakness being the utterly one dimensional lead characters we are presented with. From Caledon Hockleys loveless millionaire to Rose's trapped innocence to Jack Dawson's poor boy with a dream. Aswell played as these characters are, the performance can't make up for the poorly written characters the actors have been given. Again, with the spectacle of the story of the titanic and the millions of dollars at Cameron's disposal, one could forgive the weakness of the characters, but then the  first half of the story is so entirely cliché ridden and full of predictability that it becomes obvious. It is clear that she will leave her safe life and existence and go with the unpredictability of true love. It is almost as though Cameron knows how to tell this story visually, he's just not sure or not capable of making you care about it. Cameron's writing has always come under scrutiny. The comic book quality of films like True Lies and the Terminator films set the scene for his writing style. The childlike quality of some of the dialogue shouldn't but does stand out. "Something Picasso" and Freud, is he a passenger?" are so dire that they belong in a Farrelly Brothers film, not a $200 million blockbuster. Cameron does seem to be writing from the heart, the trouble is that his heart doesn't seem up to the task. "It's pay-day boys" and Dicaprio's now legendary "I'm the king of the world" seem not to be spoken by the characters in the film, but by Cameron himself. He is the master film-maker who can resurrect the Titanic and will make a fortune from it.Questions that arise on investigation of the film closely are the gaping plot hole of  Rose's narration and status as the main narrative agent. If the story we see is told from Rose's perspective, how are we granted access to scenes such as the Captain's death and Hockley and Lovejoy hatching the plan to trap Jack? Again, if the story we are being told is not from Rose's perspective and is a general overview of the events, why are we subjected to Rose's story telling voice over? Perhaps this is being overly critical of what is simply meant to be viewed as popcorn entertainment and indeed, the film isn't entirely without its merits. The hour long sinking of the ship is indeed breathtaking and the film does have probably three genuinely special moments. Winslet and Dicaprio's flying scene, the ship breaking in two and Jack's death which is surprisingly touching and moving. The trouble is, especially in a three hour long film, that these few moments don't make up for the other half of the film. In a three hour film, half is ninety minutes, the average length of a Hollywood film, perhaps Cameron should have sacrificed some of the unnecessary moments and concentrated the story into perhaps just over two hours.Cameron's back catalogue of films should prepare us for what we are going to see. The Abyss, True Lies and Terminator 2 : Judgement Day show that as a visionary, he can amaze his audience simply by clicking his fingers. The problem lies with his misplaced attempts to try and bring humanity into his stories. In The Abyss, Cameron wants us to care about the relationship between Mary Elisabeth Mastrantonio and Ed Harris. In True Lies, we are asked to care about Schwarzenegger's flagging relationship with his wife Jamie Lee Curtis. Similarly in Titanic, we are asked to ignore the special effects and care about the characters relationship. If Cameron were to write a out and out blockbuster that did not need characters require the audience to care, he would probably create one of the most amazing films ever to be seen. Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be what he wants to do.

Why did James Cameron go to so much trouble making a film that presented the physical and visual dimensions of Titanic and take the human dimensions on a fantasy-romp of titanic-sized contrivances? There are enough historical documents and memoirs about REAL people on that ship who had REAL lives and some were actually very compelling.  So why did Cameron opt to give these REAL people bit parts and invent two shallow characters? 
Good acting and high production values go a long way to cover up a poor script, and Titanic is proof of that with the Oscar frenzy that surrounded it (However, it was the first film in a long time that did not earn a screenplay nomination and won best picture).  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet both did excellent jobs acting as did Gloria Stuart and Kathy Bates. They all deserved an Oscar in light of what they had to work with on the page.  How conventional, shallow and contrived does this sound?  Rose is in what is for all intents and purposes an arranged marriage, but she is really a free spirit ready to fly away from her upper-class roots.  If it wasn't for her darn mother.  Now to make this issue even more clear, her fiance is controlling and abusive.  The decision is clear.  She has to fall for Jack, a fellow free spirit who shows her real love.  Alas, Jack must be symbolically sacrificed so she can avoid being drowned in her life and truly find freedom in the new land.  Not only are the mechanics of the script clear, but the story is old and tired.  Titanic works because it plays on stereotypical conventions and latent emotions; it does not earn its emotional climax on its own merit.  This subject has the opportunity to be so much more genuine and powerful if only someone had taken the time to look beyond fictional romance and into true life tragedy.

It had 11 Academy Awards.
And gets a bad rating! It's a strange thing.

How long did it take for the Titanic to sink? Hours, it felt like for ever. Why? After all that's the reason Cameron was attracted to this story. All those spectacular visual effects. But what about the people? They were irrelevant. Celine Dion and the bravery of Kate Winslet and Leonardo Di Caprio kept this wreck afloat. There is a wannabe thriller abroad, gun fights, robbery... as if the tragedy alone wasn't enough. Remember the Titanic with Barbara Stanwyck? That version didn't make history but if you compared it to this one, the early one was a masterpiece. How angry it made me to think that all the millions invested in this Oscar winner didn't allow for a decent script to emerge. The surreal success of "Titanic" makes me fear the worse. The crowning moment of this puzzling hit is the jewel thrown into the sea. Why? Didn't Gloria Stuart had a niece? Couldn't she have secured a livelihood to her niece with that horrid piece of blue glass? Thoughtlessness, clearly, dominated the enterprise. However, the sinking in itself is an extraordinary show of technical ability.

Haters clearly don't understand how emotion is part of the humanity and Titanic is full of emotional element and therefore, a true humanity in cinematic world. If a movie make so many people left the theater in tears, clearly haters lost their heart and intelligence Haters clearly don't understand, how Titanic mixed the spectacle visual experience and top-class technology filmmaking process with emotional element and sense of melancholy. The movie proved that visual sensation and emotional experience are not mutually exclusive.Eyes and Heart are synced, but hater's brain aren't synced with blood,

Sorry to pour cold water (if you'll forgive the fun) on this Oscar winning tribute to the programmers art, but this film is too long, too wooden and captures the atmosphere of Edwardian England to the same degree as Dick Van Dyke mimics our accent. I have no doubt that the special effects are very clever and took people an awful lot of hours and megabytes...but where do they take us? A computer generated ship with generated seagulls looks exactly that. The sets are spectacular yet manage to scream out that they are expensive sets rather than that they are the inside of a living working ship. And don't get me started on the levels of my indifference towards the talentless Mr.DiCaprio who bestrides the film in the same way as most children do when stumbling into a grown-ups party. Watch A Night To Remember if you want to feel the real emotion of the Titanic's sinking and watch this if you want to spend three hours seeing Mr.Cameron trying to show us how clever he is...and failing.

I've just had the evidence that confirmed my suspicions. A bunch of kids, 14 to 22 put on the DVD of "Titanic" on a fantastic state of the art mega screen home entertainment type deal. Only two of them had actually seen it before. But they all had seen the moment of Kate, Leo and Celine Dion so many times that most of them felt they had seen the whole movie. Shortly after the epic started, they started to get restless, some of them left asking the others -- "call us when the iceberg appears" Over an hour and a half into the movie, only the two girls who had seen the movie before, were still there. They started shouting: iceberg, iceberg. A stampede followed, they all came back to see the sinking of the Titanic. They sat open mouthed, emitting Ohs and far outs. So, just like I thought when the movie first burst into the scene. What is this? One and a half hours waiting for the bloody thing to sink but what about the rest of the of it. Dr. Zivagho, for instance, had a similar running time, but think how much takes place in that film within the same period of time. In "Titanic" Leo teaches Kate how to spit. Look at the faces and hands of the, supposedly, creme de la creme in the first class dining room of the ship. Look at the historical details, if you can find them. The storyline is so thin that they have to introduce guns and shootings in a ship that is about to sink. The real sinking here is of film standards. All the efforts are focus on special effects and opening week ends. The film went on to become the highest grossing movie of all time so, what do I know?

The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has inspired many books and movies. The battle between nature and technology always caught man's imagination. The latest film concerning this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famous action movie filmmaker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over societal barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship that they happen to be on.First of all, although using a historical name, this movie had little regard to history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamond, and treasure hunters. The deaths of over a thousand of people on the greatest luxury ship of its time became a mere background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator that ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away from the Titanic but did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify the distress signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point of flavoring this historical disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is already as sad as it is.The overall plot was rather shallow; rich equals greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $200 million to make a movie about how money corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. It seemed like Billy Zane was playing a part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was his baby-sitter. The length of the movie was unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours. First hour and the half was wasted on establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to audience long before they went to theater and the dialogue that was used to do so made it even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines such as "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Also, jokes were too abundant and rather lame."Titanic" did involve some moving scenes such as the part when the musicians were playing while the ship was sinking but they were no way near anything original. The best thing about this film were its special effects, and that is the only thing that truly deserved an award.Although this film lacked artistical value in overall sense, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the movie became a success. Now it is safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money in a single motion picture, so it seems that "Titanic" did achieve something after all.

Once upon a time there was a director by the name of James. He brought us wonderfully, thrilling science-fiction such as Terminator and Aliens. These movies were the stuff blockbusters were made of and he looked to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computer generated special effects landed upon the film industry. Terminator 2 showed gave us glimpses of what was possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countless awards..........obscene amounts of money............outlandish barrage of advertising............maximum profit margin........Titanic was here!I have never (ever) been one to jump on the bandwagon and be overly critical for the sake of it, in fact I have often taken the opposite stance from the majority just to get an argument going. Titanic however was a film I only took one single positive out of - that of Kate Winslett being absolutely gorgeous throughout!Quickly - the dialogue was like something out of Beverly Hills 90210, the acting was more wooden than my nephew's tree house, images meant to terrify were actually comical (man falling from ship and hitting propeller), historically false (don't even get me started because there's too much), it had dire theme music (up there with the bodyguard for cheese) and the pointless love story was so tedious, self absorbing and pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved (I was glad when he died and disappointed when she did not).It was plainly obvious from the word go that this picture was designed to appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum chewing, boy-with-car chasing, teenage girls (DeCaprio himself resembled something less heroic than the weedy member of a boy band) who would drag their sex-starved boyfriends out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hoping to get lucky later! The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point. Millions of dumbed down, culture vultures went to see this expensive waste of celluloid because "it cost so much to produce it must be great" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they know their movies". The crowning glory arrived when Titanic swept the boards at the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farce was based. It looked to me as if he was praying for forgiveness after making a fortune off inaccurately portraying the circumstances that lead to the death of a lot of people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy into this kind of rubbish they deserve to get ripped off. Good luck to Hollywood if that is how they want to make money, I'd do it if I had those kind of chances in life!It is right up there on my all time worst movies list with other silly, historically false/human interest tripe like "The Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor".

There is a lot of obvious hype associated with this film. Let's just face it, though, the main reasons why anyone would watch it would be for Leo and Cate, who are not necessarily the best actors in this film. I'm not saying they're not good actors, I'm saying they stunk in this film. The special effects were decent (and I will say the film makers did a good job making the ship eye-pleasing), but IT even has several major flaws. For instance, right before the ship goes under, you can see an unfinished blue-screen image behind your main characters.Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the story of the REAL Titanic, but I find this movie an insult to that story. Editing was atrocious--there's no reason for any film to be over 2 1/2 hours (with the exception of MAYBE a biographical movie), and the writing and screenplay was horribly stilted.I will say that the music was perhaps better than I could have predicted (and not just the "My Heart Will Go On" song either). There is one scene that stands out to me when the ship is sinking and pounding bass music is heard. That could very well be the highlight of the film. As for the mood throughout, it was extremely dull. I was more relieved than sad when Jack died, which I know cannot be what the director intended.In a nut shell, I find it horrible that they turned the beautiful story of the Titanic into an over-hyped chick flick.

Rose DeWitt Bukater is a beautiful young woman, travelling to America to be married to the dashing cad that is Caledon Hockley. Jack Dawson is a poor Irish kid with little hope of getting to the land of plenty  until, that is, he wins tickets onto a ship making that very crossing in mere minutes. Jack and his friend rush onto the boat and find themselves in 3rd class with all the rest of the poor people. Meanwhile, on the upper decks, the rich enjoy the space and pleasure that comes with privilege but yet Rose feels little happiness about her loveless prospects. A chance meeting between Jack and Rose sees them fall into a passionate instant love affair but time will show them that the class divide between them is really the least of their concerns.As others have mentioned, Titanic seems to have enjoyed great praise and great abuse. When it came out it was the biggest movie of the day, sitting at the top of the charts for months and also sweeping the Best Picture Academy Award for that year. However as time has gone on it has received more and more of a kicking from viewers and it has now lost a lot of the appeal and shine that it once had. To some this is just a simple backlash without basis but I'm not sure I agreed with that. Of course there is an element of wanting to tear down the "success" of the film and perhaps wipe that smug smile off James "king of the world" Cameron's face but for me a lot of the negativity comes from people seeing the film in the cold light of day, without the crowded cinema, without the hype, without the partner to hug up to while watching.So it is with me here. The first time I watched it I was with my partner in the front room of a packed cinema and allowed myself to be carried along by the sheer spectacle and not worry too much about the finer points. However watching it again I viewed it like I would any other film. As such the failings came tumbling out. The story is consistently weak whether it is the speed and superficiality of the central "relationship" or the roundly average dialogue within the script. Funny how a rush to sex is seen as romantic when it occurs in the movie whereas if the same tale was set in a Bolton nightclub, the view would not be the same! Part of the reason for this is the forced emotion and atmosphere of the film, with James Horner's manipulative score constantly on hand to tell us "you're meant to cry at this bit". This is very different from bringing the audience into the characters and the story in a genuine way and you are not getting into this car because you want to so much as being forced in with a hood over your head.Of course this is not so different from many Hollywood blockbuster, but it is particularly noticeable here because the script and characters are so lacking. Director Cameron cannot make up for the failings of writer Cameron and instead just injects as much of this manipulative schmaltz into proceedings as he can as he waits for his effects budget to kick in. When it eventually does there is no denying that it is impressive in terms of spectacle but I do wonder how this will hold up as the effects become ordinary, because there is little else for the viewer to feast on. Certainly the performances offer very little, mostly due to the material handed to them. DiCaprio is miscast. I know it has been said countless times before but he looks far too young for the part and, as he looks more adult in other films he looks younger and younger in retrospect. Both he and Winslet are capable of so much more but neither really work individually or as a couple. Zane hams it up as a "baddie" and actually seems to be having a good time of it unlike his co-stars. Bates, Fisher, Paxton, Warner, Amis, Hyde and others all fill round the edges with so-so performances.There is no questioning that this was a massive success and will stand up in lists for years to come. However the effects are already dating and, them to one side, there isn't a huge amount else to spend three hours on. The love story is clunky to match the dialogue and the actors can do little with it producing an unconvincing love story that is forced out with manipulative and exploitative methods that are exposed as such with a clear eyed viewing. A big film but not really a good one.

One of The Best Movies At All The Times there are great scents at this movie and really this is more than a movie.it has an excellent score and song.they are so deep.also titanic has won 11 Oscars in 1998 Leo and Kate played very good at this movie.also Kate Winslet is very beautiful actress.the start and end of this film was very good.the scent of jack's death was so deep.in my idea 14 Oscars nominations and 11 wining was worthy for titanic.absolutely it was the best movie of James Cameroons.

What I think I'll probably like best about the new Star Wars film, "Phantom Menace", is that it will likely blow "Titanic" out of the water, if you'll pardon the pun, when it comes to sheer devastating box office receipts, and thereby knock it out of the number one spot. Every time I hear someone declare "Titanic" is the greatest film they've ever seen, I think to myself, "You don't see a lot of movies, do you?" What a travesty. You could make 50 good films that are a lot better than "Titanic", and for the same price tag."Well, it won lots of academy awards, lots of people really loved it," as someone might say in its defence. Well, lots of people like the Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that doesn't mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans CAN be wrong.I'll be the first to admit, that part of the problem for me was the mega-hype over the film. I waited a month or so to see it and ultimately, it didn't live up to the expectations set upon it, which simply called more attention to the appallingly stupid love story. It's true, "Phantom Menace" will likely suffer a similar fate. but.James Cameron's "Titanic" is. a)  a cheesy action flick thinly disguised as a serious period piece. b)  a three-hour epic that has it's finest moments given away in the trailer. c)  a sappy love story beyond belief or entertainment. d)  something left better to documentarians, which I would've enjoyed much more. e)  a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated with the real ship. f)  a  robbery of 3 hours that I will never get back, therefore the greatest motivation for a time machine I can think of. When I meet someone who hasn't seen it yet, I say, "I wish I could trade places with you." g)  a slap in the face to any genuine victim of hypothermia. How long are we supposed to believe that people can be immersed in freezing cold water and still form intelligible sentences? h)  thankfully a film that wasn't recognized for any acting achievements at the Oscars. i)  a technological achievement in filmmaking, and little else.The only reason I post this as a anonymous comment is I do NOT welcome the rebuttal of 10,000 thirteen year old Leonardo DiCaprio fans who'll no doubt come to his defense, and I am not really interested in hearing a defense of Titanic's story, acting or length.

What is it about James Cameron and women characters in his movies? I've come to the conclusion that they are really all men in skirts. Look at the female characters in Terminator or Aliens they are so butch and testosterone fuelled they aught to have beards and scratch their hairy testicles while chewing tobacco. I mean look what he did to our lovely English rose Kate Winslit in this ship wreck of a movie. He has this alleged Edwardian Lady stick her middle finger up at David Warner at one point and then slugs unconscious some burly crewman who was getting in her way. To top it all she has sex with a total stranger from steerage. Please!! With his tin ear for dialogue he should have stuck to doing thick ear action movies rather than this overly ripe disaster movie. There's an amateurish attempt to demonstrate the stupidity of Ruth's mother having her dismiss some sketches of Picasso (How did they get on board) with the words that he would never amount to anything. Subtle this is not. It looks far better than it sounds which is a great pity as some of the visuals are rather good. One unexpected laugh happened when Cameron picked up his Oscar he screams a line from the film "I'm the king of the world". Of course it fell completely flat on the assembled audience, who had never seen this dire movie or had forgotten the execrable script. The poor man must have thought his doggerel was memorable in some way, If this wasn't all bad enough we had to endure Celine Dion terrible song going "on and on". The iceberg was the best thing in the movie and should have appeared far earlier than it did.

So you flip through the cable channels on your remote. The same old music videos are running, and the reruns get tiring. Later, you find something interesting. The evening news, Entertainment Tonight, 60 Minutes, VH1, and every other network airs clips from this, the biggest money-making film in history. TITANIC emerges as a genuine Hollywood classic for the second generation of American cinema. Never since GONE WITH THE WIND has there been powerful moviemaking with heavy genius from James Cameron. It's more than just a love story. It's an all-out disaster movie with style and vigor combined with a creative instrumental music score. It even began the craze that lured us into discoveries of the gigantic ship that never proved itself when it sunk anyway.Brilliant use of photography is what stands out the best. Imagine every single little piece of detail that wouldn't fit on this message. Replicas of the engine room and the interior designs are highly crafted to maximize the full experience of being on the Titanic while sailing on crisp, clear sea water filled with dolphins swimming with grace. During the night, one can look up the starry skies while the bright lights shine. How tragic it is for a luxury liner to capsize in half, sinking miles beneath the surface, and showing off the greatest achievement in motion picture special effects! A job extremely well done! Who will match this kind of excellence in the near future?As for the players, the pair of Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are now remembered as the Clark Gable & Vivian Leigh of the next generation. Both are young, of course, and they really can ACT! Winslet should have taken home the Oscar (what blasphemy of those Academy Awards judges!). Her performance as "Rose" is a show stealer, as she did most of the incredible acting far better than today's young actresses. From smoking a cigarette, to possessing true beauty, to posing nude, to being a heroine, and to become a survivor, this will be a role so hard to beat in Winslet's future films. DiCaprio, on the other hand, also does magnificent as a "street boy" and a "troublemaker". The second half is the most important time to discover his best talents, including the end. Both are sensational in almost every respect.Well, you can't always expect a movie to be perfect. TITANIC's shortcomings are relatively minor. The "modernized" scenes don't quite prove true to a historical masterpiece made with expensive sets and decorations. Mr. Jerry Garcia Lookalike should've changed his shirt, instead of wearing the one with "Happy Face" shot in the head. But Gloria Stuart as the old "Ross" makes up for the modern touch in telling and revisiting the Titanic story through her past experiences. It's also important that we already know how the disaster had become, and that the movie tells under a fictional basis.Of localized interest: Diana Morgan was once a TV news anchor for an NBC station out here. She has recently taken on an acting career playing the role of a news reporter, notably in BABYLON 5. You will hardly get to notice her on that small TV set shown at the start of the film, but you can hear her voice.Over three hours of powerful and unprecedented movie imagery. To date, it may very well be the greatest film ever made.

What movie comes to mind when you think of compelling, memorable characters, spectacular visual effects, a fantastic score, and a beautiful, tragic plot? What movie has captured the hearts and imagination of people of all ages around the world? What movie has retained its charm and ­appeal for over a decade, and has earned a rightful place in cinematic history? The answer is Titanic, the 1997 film that opened with low expectations and then astounded the public with its massive success. As the highest-grossing film of all time and winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director, Titanic raises hopes for moviegoers and does not disappoint.First, consider an undertaking so daunting that many would deem it impossible: recreating the RMS Titanic and its fateful sinking. This task undoubtedly required much time, skill, and effort, not to mention a huge budget – at the time, Titanic was the most expensive film ever made. The ship's splendor shines throughout the movie and adds an atmosphere of magic that film sets rarely manage.Another element of the film's success is the superb, talented cast. Most notably, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet give commanding performances as Jack and Rose, the young star-crossed lovers separated by ­social class on the maiden voyage of the doomed vessel. They are cast perfectly; a better choice could not have been made. Along with the rest of the cast, including Billy Zane as Rose's wicked fiancé and Gloria Stuart as Rose at age 101, they allow the audience to join their journey and share in their emotions and experiences. By the conclusion, viewers feel very close to the characters and truly care about them, which is why the movie is so poignant and tragic.So many years after its theatrical release, Titanic still has not lost what made it such a success. This moving, simply beautiful story about fate, disaster, and the power of love has proved to be a timeless classic and an epic masterpiece.

This film is an insult to the intelligence of the common garden slug. The romance between DiCaprio and Winslet is completely unbelievable, with no real chemistry between the two. The script is complete garbage, crafted solely in the believe that the public is as idiotic as the creator of this film. Though the sinking of the ship is well crafted and visually stunning, there is no pity to be felt for the cardboard characters that inhabit this film. The 3 hours or so spent watching this horrible film could be more constructively used watching paint dry. The plot is slipshod and centered not on the tremendous agony and suffering of those soul's lost on the Titanic, but on the self-centered interests of a girl leaving behind her obligation to her family for a 3-day fling with an artist, which is consumated in the back of a car. My hope is that this film is somehow exposed to the people as the massive dung heap that it is. I suggest people who liked this inane, insulting piece of garbage view a film of real emotional power that was also crafted from historical events from the 1910's, ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT. I also recommend those who liked this film view the reviews it got from Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times, who exposes the film's huge weak spots and lack of heart.

It's the love of your life & you're going to just let him freeze to death while you lay sprawled on the door?Incredible. Couldn't believe that part. Unbelievable.

Well, this certainly put bums on seats. Great special effects, great cinematography, nudity, steamy sex scene, spitting competitions, shoot-outs, and a tragic ending to a beautiful love story - all aboard the S.S Titanic! This makes for, I'd say, the worse of the well-known Titanic movies. It had a much bigger budget and such better special effects, but for extreme lack of sincerity and authenticity it is by far the worse. The producers actually seemed to make an effort - in some parts at least - to include 1990s attitudes into a 1912 setting: note the rude finger Kate Winslet gave to the antagonist while escaping down the lift.Kudos to James Cameron for putting so much effort into building the actual ship from original blueprints and for focusing so much attention on realistic FX, and making the film, in parts, so profoundly historically accurate. But in those parts in which the film was not profoundly accurate, it was profoundly the opposite and disgustingly so. Shame on Cameron for making the focus of the film a soppy, clichéd love story; the kind of which we have seen dozens of times. And shame for making those scenes which were historically and poignantly accurate mere backdrops to this standard and fictionalised love story.But in our times, this kind of lowest-common-denominator love story puts bums on seats and millions forked out to see Winslet and DiCaprio fall in love, ride on the bow, and finally say a tearful, inopportune, goodbye.This is the failure of the movie. It is anachronistic, and the film voids itself off. On one hand, spending millions on accuracy - sets, research, costumes and special effects - will attract many people looking forward to good quality film-making and a solid telling of what happened that night - people who will then be alienated by the no-brainer love story. On the other hand, the assumed target audience of the film who are primarily excited by the love story are those who could not care less about the millions spent on historical accuracy. It is a totally anachronistic situation.James Cameron totally wasted a fantastic opportunity to make a brilliant film on the subject, a film that could have surpassed all previous efforts. Instead he devised a storyline totally entrenched in Hollywood love-story stereotype, of the type that anyone could see anywhere else, and simply set this aboard a historically accurate rendition of the Titanic. He did not understand that the real events alone of April 14-15 1912 were enough to fuel a heart-breaking story of tragedy and bitter irony, and instead he used well-worn cinematic tools to pitch the film at the lowest-common-denominator who can't be bothered thinking outside their own experience. 'Titanic' is just an example of the cultural sterility of our times. The 1958 film 'A Night to Remember' told a more genuine, authentic, touching and historically accurate version of the disaster with half the budget and half the special effects technology, and I think this is testament to the suburban teenage wasteland which is Cameron's film.Still, the film offers good old-fashioned movie-going thrills and spills. It has a classic format against-the-odds love story all. It also has great special effects, and employs intelligent cinematography. So as a form of entertainment, it is a jolly good romp to accompany a bag of popcorn. As a film about the Titanic - which it purports to be - well, this kind of story could have been set anywhere and at anytime. The Titanic merely made a good and exciting setting for the fictional characters involved.This is a bad Titanic film, and as James Cameron was aspiring to make a Titanic film, hence the title, he has failed. As time, the harshest critic of all, marches on the film will be seen more and more as a marketing vehicle of the late 1990s. Other, better, Titanic productions will remain holding their own as honest, accurate and sincere renditions of what really happened that night.Finally, the above-mentioned remarks about the anachronistic nature of the film make it difficult to rate, and hence the love-it-or-hate-it experience of this film. 'Titanic' straddles the ridge between well researched triumph and Hollywood farce with the dexterity of a three-legged elephant....Which ever direction the elephant falls is up to each individual viewer.

When I was a child I cried, bitterly, when the fat lady (Shelley Winters) bravely dived into the waters in the truly epic 'Poseidon Adventure'. Why? Because the screen playwright and director understood that true human glory is not about special effects, but characterisation.I can't begin to recount the superficiality and shallowness of this dreadful film - where there's absolutely no foundation for genuine affection, much less enduring love. And, worst of all, with his very inapt hands, James Cameron attempted to repeat the cliche of rich girl meets poor boy, which bears no significance whatsoever to the plot(if it can be called one), in which everybody was subject to a violent death, nobleman or peasant.The art of tragedy is a tricky one, but there is one simple rule - make your characters genuine, realistic, and most of all believable, so that the audience will feel what they feel, breathe what they breathe and, in the end, partake in the experience.

I see people writing about how great this movie was. It was horrible! The acting was sub-par at best. It made a lot of money because teenage girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of Leonardo. Where the hell did they get the money? Anyway, I wanted to learn more about the Titanic; why it sank, what was running through a lot of people's minds; maybe even a little conspiracy stuff. Does anyone realize that certain people didn't even board the ship because there was a fire on board before it even took off? No, you don't because all you see is a rich girl falling for a poor boy and he paints her naked (did that corny junk at least tip you off that the movie was stupid?).I did cry in during one scene, though. The scene when they showed the water that was filling up in the ship. It looked like pool water! I'm thinking this movie made all this money and they couldn't even make the water from the ocean look real? unbelievable...Ohhh the band played on while the ship sank.. Just ridiculous. This was the worst movie until Pearl Harbor outdid it in the "Nothing to Do With Reality" department.

Titanic is probably one of the worst films of the 90's. Cameron must've sold his soul to the devil for it to get an academy award. To be thought of as a better movie over than As Good As It Gets or Good Will Hunting. THIS WILL GIVE AWAY THE ENDING! One of the things I hated most about this film is the predictability. From the first time she met Jack, I knew he was going to Die. It was so easy to forsee. I also hate how much of a copy this was of almost every simple romance story, Girl about to marry snob, meets slightly poor, funny guy, falls in love, something prevents, then at end they are together. It was probably as simple as it gets. I also hate how farfetched the plot was. If Cameron had done ANY research prior to writing it, he would have realized how a romance like that would have NEVER happened. During 1910's American & England people married and dated within their economic class. I also hate this film because it was so shallow, unlike past Academy Award Best Picture Winners, Titanic had NO societal meaning, No symbolism, and No Metaphors. Usually after watching films bestowed with that honor, you feel changed, different, with Titanic I was just disappointed.Lastly the acting was poor, at best, except for that of Billy Zane's, which was phenomenal. They picked actors singularly for looks rather than acting ability. Winslet showed little to no emotion, and Decaprio could never pull off any of the sad scenes. I truly hated this film, second to STRANGERS IN GOOD COMPANY, this is one of the worst films ever. No One should see this film.

I really just wanted to vote on this film.  Contrary to what many say, this film does deserve the worst ratings and does NOT deserve to be in the top 250 or 500 or 5,000,000 (including Hollywood and Bollywood).  Come on people, get some life experience and develop the right side of that brain!!!

I don't even know where to begin, there are so many flaws mistakes and general errors. Hey I know how about starting by saying that the script is absolutely dreadful. Nothing happens for three whole hours. After an hour you just sit there and wait for the ship to sink already. I couldn't help cheering when the ship finally sunk. OK I admit there are a few good scenes in the film. For an example at the end of the film someone falls down and hits one of the propellers and makes a kind of dull "bong" sound when he does it and then starts spinning rapidly in the air. Most of the effects are alright but the general acting as well as the weak and boring story makes this the worst big budget film ever made perhaps aside from the Harry Potter series. All in all 1 out of 6

This movie was the most disappointing case of over-hype ever! Could a plot be any flimsier? Could characters be ANY more cardboard? Could you imagine a more pathetic excuse for "chemistry?" Imagine every cliché EVER CONCEIVED, combine them with a big ship sinking on a zillion dollar special effects budget, throw in pseudo-diva Celine Dion's lame tune and you've got "Titanic."God, I wanted Leonardo to die! He's the overdone tragic poor boy "artist" (this gives him an excuse for the drawn-out (no pun intended!) gratuitous nude portrait scene of Kate Winslet later - really. That's the only reason he's an "artist").)All the rich people are bad! (Except her, of course. She's supposed to be redeemed from her wealth by her "love??" for him.) But there's zero chemistry - nudity and (God, how tacky!) fogged-up windows.Consequently, all the poor people are good!Thank you, Titanic, for simplifying the goodness or badness of any given individual simply by their financial statuses!I wanted everyone to die. It's the only way to justify the lost hours of my life that went into viewing this pathetic work of pseudo-art? Lifetimey "based on true incidents" crap.Really, don't bother. It's not a timeless classic; it's dumbed-down faux romance in the midst of tragedy drivel. Spend money on the script, not the special effects, for God's sake! This is worse than a Lifetime movie of the week. I've seen after-school specials with more depth. Infomercials, even!

First of all, as a long time student of the Titanic disaster and member of several Titanic clubs, I feel entitled to comment on the film. I don't really care how many awards and accolades the film won, but to me it is still an absolutely awful film. Cameron had the resources to make a 'proper' semi-documentary film of the disaster but unfortunately chose to turn it into a po-faced romantic mush. The fact that so many people around the world fell for it only shows, to my mind, the sad state of taste and common sense that movie critics and audiences have these days. Whoever said that all movies should have a hero and heroine falling in love? In fact most real events are anything but romantic and the Titanic disaster certainly was not one. I feel that it needed a better script and director with a semi-documentary approach and as little artistic license as possible. I almost threw up in the last sequence where the 'dead' lovers meet among the other lost passengers and crew who break out in applause. Is this an intelligent film? Ask yourself.

Although it is easy to see how this brainless saga could appeal to an equally brainless segment of the public, it is much harder to understand the honors that have been bestowed on this mediocre (albeit expensive) production. The special effects were pretty good, and the details of reconstruction of some of the inanimate objects was remarkable. The problem was in the animate entities.The main characters are anachronistic: essentially 90's teenagers dressed in funny turn-of-the-century clothes. If you are thrilled by the fact that Rose decided to follow her heart instead of the social conventions of the time, you should consider having your fiancee/wife/daughter run away with a gang member she only met two days ago. It is easy to laugh at the social conventions of 90 years ago. A film aiming at a meaningful social discourse should make us look critically at contemporary mores. It is easy to laugh at the Victorian sexual code. Let us laugh at monogamy if we have the courage!I expect a historic film to help me understand the age it refers to, and to help me relate it to my age. Placing to MTV teenagers in a 1912 as real as Conan the Barbarian's middle ages doesn't help me do either.Some of the scenes are artificially emotionally charged (e.g. the two lovers looking from the bow of the ship to the horizon) but one cannot escape the impression that the number, intensity, and sequencing of these scenes come from some "How to make a movie" manual that you can probably buy for $10.95 at the nearest Barnes and Noble. All in all, I would say that the film reveals a decent craftsmanship, but not a single shred of art (a situation not uncommon in Hollywood).I saw this film in a theatre, and I don't feel any need to see it again at home. I have better things to do with my time. But if all you like in a film is to go see some special effects, and saying "ooooo..." when the ship sink, and "aaaaah...." when the main characters kiss, then this is the film for you.

Such a masterful film with great performances by winslet and di caprio. He definitely deserved an Oscar for this one. A film based on a real life tragedy

A poor flick all around. The only redeeming value comes from the actual sinking of the Titanic, which unfortunately doesn't happen in the first ten minutes. We do get to watch a pathetic love story between Jack & Rose. Actually more like a molestation by Rose since Jack appears to be approximately twelve years old. Very creepy. Oh yeah, horribly casted! I forgot. I can't believe I let my wife talk me into seeing this one when it came out. Let this be a lesson to you all. Cameron is definitely a second rate director and a questionable human being to boot.(Just ask Linda Hamilton) To sum it up, run far and fast from this film. It will only disappoint you. I give it 1 out of ten. Awful is about right.

It's a love story. A blockbuster. An historical account. A thriller. An action-fest. It's art-house. It's popcorn. It's.. it's... all of these and none.Many others have gone over the historical inaccuracies in great detail so I will try and avoid mentioning them again, but as someone with a lifelong interest in the Titanic story Cameron's film is immensely frustrating. I have a lot of respect for James Cameron. He is a true master of spectacle, and although I've never met the guy I can imagine he is a grade-A control freak; whatever the criticisms of his films, you do not get to make a $200+ million dollar flick without being well and truly disciplined to your art. The detail is all there: the light fittings, crockery, engine room; the beautiful ship brought back to life in full colour, the bridge/bow/boat deck etc - a small army of crew working to build and light the set, costume designers and so on. The film should be recognized as a huge technical accomplishment for these reasons.Yet the film fails for one very simple reason: storyline.The appeal of the real Titanic story is multifold. It was never "just a shipwreck" - ships sink all the time, some larger than the Titanic, some with many more losses (the Lusitania is comparable, yet far less populist) - but the sinking marked the end of a period of human arrogance. No matter how technologically adept we become, fate can always intervene and scupper our best laid plans. No one thinks planes are "uncrashable" or that we can somehow buy immunity from a grisly fate. And since the real people on board the Titanic represented every walk of society, from billionaires to those starting a new life, the fact that rich and poor perished together on this brand new ship altered our thinking. When the story starts there are four classes of people: First class, second class, third class ('steerage') and crew. By the end, there are two: living and dead.If the real story was fictional, it could not be dreamt up better. There are so many iconic moments to savour they would barely fit into a 3 hours film: Passengers requesting bits of the 'berg to put in their drinks, the Californian's wireless operator going to sleep, the growing realisation that something is seriously wrong etc -the list is endless. So if it is one of the most enduring stories of human behaviour and "nature vs man", why do we need Cameron's wafer-thin plot? As a Titanic buff I watch the special effects with delight. The ship is back from the deep, no question. But I find myself willing Jack and Rose to get out of the way. There are some many fascinating 'real' characters that we never get to more than acknowledge. What makes THEM tick? I get the feeling Cameron is fascinated too, but restrained by the demands of a teenage popcorn audience, who've failed to imagine that a poor boy falling in love with a super-rich girl and sacrificing himself in 24 hours is complete "poppycock" (1912) - or in Cameron-speak, "a bunch of horses**t" (1997).(Incidentally, if I was a first class passenger on the Titanic, I would feel slightly aggrieved I'd paid so much, since in Cameron's version it seems all passengers are free to wander anywhere they like. Except when it starts sinking of course, then suddenly it's impossible to get above decks.) Head for your nearest iMax cinema and watch "Ghosts of the Abyss" - Cameron's slightly cheesy but good documentary featuring much more of the underwater scenes from the film. Or for a more accurate retelling of the story try 1958's A Night To Remember. If you want a love story, go for Romeo and Juliet. For a "people out of their time" film, try Les Visiteurs or Bill and Ted.In short, TITANIC tries to be all of these things, and excels at none of them.

They took a very real, heartbreaking tragedy and made it into a cheesy love story!  Then they mixed in two actors who cannot act to save their lives, made them read a horribly written script, and finished off by adding three hours of unnecessary footage!  DiCapprio and Winslet are painful to listen to - they have virtually no skill in line delivery and the writer wrote things that no one in real life says!  They spent way too much money on special effects (and that's all it looked like, obvious computer graphics) instead of using some sort of skill and REALLY recreating the ship.  If you take away the choppy computer graphics, the horrible script, the leading duo, that horrendous teeny-bopper love/sex story, and Celine Dion,  you are left with an amazing group of scenes when the ship sinks, the incredible make-up work on the oceanic casualties, and the indisputably wonderful Kathy Bates which is the cast's only saving grace.  It may be a cult classic for lonely love sick teens, but I would avoid this one like the plague if I were you.  Instead, write a list of all the other things you could do in three hours and save yourself the nauseous feeling you get every time DiCapprio and Winslet try to act.

Only once in a great while, does a film of dynamic magnitude and power, grace the silver screen.  Unfortunatly, this is not one of those.  I can sum up the entire film with just ONE word: PRETENTIOUS.  The special effects are among the best I've seen, along with the cinematography and technical poise. This COULD of been a film of immense glory and scope, whisking us away on a beautiful journey, showing us humanity's undying spirit in the face of ultimate disaster.  Instead, James Cameron tries to replay "Gone With The Wind" on a ship.  His efforts could have turned it all into a success if the characters weren't about as interesting as cardboard, and if the story was written by someone who didn't flunk 7th grade english.  The on-screen chemistry between DiCaprio and Winslet was laughable at best.  I didn't believe for one second that they even LIKED each other, much less LOVE each other (they were both victims of an over-powering score by James Horner). They just didn't even look right for each other.  Maybe they should have "beefed-up" DiCaprio so that he actually weighed over 100 pounds, or just found a different actor all together.  I just want to know what happened to the Leonardo DiCaprio from "What's Eating Gilbert Grape", or "Basketball Diaries".  While watching this film, I was wondering if Cameron was holding up cue cards behind the camera by the way he acted.  Kate Winslet was carried by her looks throughout the entire film; she IS gorgeous, but she could have put a little honest energy into the role, instead of it feeling forced out.You have to give it to Cameron, though.  He is a hell of a talented technical director (see "Aliens", "The Abyss", or the "Termanitor" movies), and when it came time to sink the ship, he gave us one hell of a show. All in all, the 45 mintue climax couldn't float this sinking vessel.  How a film like this can win 11 Oscar's, and films of a much higher caliber (like "Saving Private Ryan", and "L.A. Confidential"), get snubbed? Sniff-Sniff...  ...I smell politics.

The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore and alienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the point of losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms and style of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporary dialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. A young man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl." Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most outrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 did not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the film are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult's lack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the very early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept away by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate to everything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a a fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historical revisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made more familiar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuity problem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jack and Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the water becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again, the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster to encroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they're trying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that the romance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the story of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'm sure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist in the same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainly true in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume the only change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering, intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic.

I was reading the comments and someone said that people who don't like this movie are jealous."Don't ask me of what,they just are." HA! How can you PROVE it!? What could we possibly be jealous of ?!? I saw Titanic with high hopes,since nobody would SHUT UP about it.Afterwards,I realized they should've clammed it long before it was even released.It was horrible.Lots of better movies that year (Good will hunting,LA confidintal) and the only reason they liked it was because of LEONARDO.I hope he falls of a very tall cliff.I now don't trust hype.They never like good movies."OOo,but it won 11 oscars,so it has to be good!" Yeah,it won special effects adwards.NO acting or screenwriting.And it won best picture because adolescent teens would boycott them if it didn't.Do you REALLY want to see a movie adored by TEENAGERS!? Face it,only a few people have good taste,so popular things stink to high heaven. Don't see it,because if you do you'll be labeled as a sheep in my school(You hear that? School. We Lamar people hate this movie.)I AM NOT A SHEEP!

I, like many people, saw this film in the theatre when it first came out in '97. It was a below average film at best, defiantly not the "masterpiece" that all these "Titanic" fanboys like to make it out as. First off, DiCaprio is a terrible actor no matter which way you look at it. People just like him because of his looks. His acting "skills" essentially consist of saying a lot of cheesy lines and trying to act sexy. Second, the film itself had a rather boring and simple plot: girl falls in love with guy, ship they're on sinks, lots of crappy love scenes thereafter. Anyone with an IQ above 50 will realize this isn't ingenious in any way whatsoever. Nor is it original. Plus the director felt the need to drag it out for 3+ hours. I could compress it into a 1 hour block without losing any of the plot. In conclusion, "Titanic" is the most overrated movie to date. Why it got so much attention and money is beyond me.

Everything about this movie it's garbage . Inane ,dull or boring are too gentle words to describe how bad is this movie .I don't care anything about all the hype that this movie receives ,or that it won the Academy Award of best movie (so what ? Many bad movies receive a lot of praise and prizes for the success that those movies have in the box office rather than in the real artistic value ) The acting it's bad and all the story it's a bad soap opera that uses history as a excuse to tell the story of all the days . Deep inside ,it's just a glorified chick -flick . I'm not amazed that it was chosen to be part of the list "100 years ,100 stinkers " . "Titanic it's the most over rated garbage ever made .Zero stars .

Poor DiCaprio. First he falls in love with ugly Kate Winslet, then he can't convince her to let him on the saving shelves in the ice water. But what is the worst: the computer generated fly over the hopping titanic animation (man, we already had 1997, and we could have done better simulations!) under the squeaking voice of Celine D. "my heart will go on..." anyway, a good example of "how to give awards to the wrong film"

I believe that Titanic is the most over-rated movie of all time. Its plot is un-original (boy meets girl, falls in love, than heartbreak), its script is un-original and its acting is mediocre. The only reason its #1 in money is: The titanics fame, and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in the theatre during its release. If everyone only watched it once, it would probably be in 15th or 20th place. Atleast there can't be a sequal!

When I was watching I liked it a little but afterwards the more I thought about the more I disliked it. The thing that made me more mad was that it somehow managed to steal Oscars from L.A. Confidential,Good Will Hunting ,Full Monty,and As Good As It Gets.I have seen all of them and any one of them should of won. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are probably the worst people in the world both of them are stuck up and ugly. James Cameron is a great director but this time he has sunk as low as the Titanic.

The movie had absolutely nothing to do with the Titanic. It was a love story. The Titanic was simply a backdrop for the theme. I was sorely disappointed. To me it was disrespectful of the people who lost their lives on that ship.As for the acting, Leonardo DeCaprio was quite amateurish and unconvincing. The "villain" acting was about as convincing as William Shatner in the Star Trek series. The only acting in the movie that warrants any applause is the old lady reminiscing about the disaster. She was convincing but had a very minor part.Attention to detail in the special effects was awesome. Few movies capture this detail.I would rather have seen historically accurate portrayals of several notable passengers including the captain and people involved in the catastrophe. Shame on the producers for trivializing such an event with a love story.The best movie of that year went totally unnoticed because it was produced by a small Canandian company. The Red Violin was the best movie that year. It was more than entertainment. It had a redeeming message.

Titanic has made movie history!! It's unbelievable that such a bad tearjerker can be doing so well at the box office!!Where is the plot? Well, the movie does have ... sort of a plot, but it's very very very weak. The love between Jack and Rose is so superficial.Where are the characters? I can't find any real character! Everywhere I look, I find cliches and stereotypes. The rich must be arrogant, ignorant, evil, etc, while the poor must be the exact opposite.Can the actors act? Sure, every single one can but not in this movie. The acting is somewhere between so-so and bad! I've seen better performance from Cathy Bates, Leonardo DiCarpio, Bill Paxton.. in other movies.The visual effects is the only saving grace! The sinking of the ship is just magnificent!! It's just a shame they could have spent so much money to recreate the ship but they couldn't create a good story that has characters with substance!For teenagers who are flooded with hormones and a not-so-well-developed brain, it's understandable that they love the movie. For those who love it because it makes them cry, I suggest cutting an onion. It's much cheaper and tears come out faster!!

I have always been fascinated by the story of the Titanic, because here is a real story that really happened and was perfect for eventual translation to the big screen. And with today's special effects techniques it was truly possible to recreate a vanished ship and a vanished era.Instead we got: "Titanic--Ship of Caricatures"There is enough true history in the story of Titanic for some real drama and tension. Instead we get two 1990's Hollywood teens transported back to 1912. We get burlesque chases, a cardboard villain, and every poor-boy-meets-rich-girl cliché' that was ever used in a story. And of course the basic theme of "Rich People=All Bad---Poor People=All Good". And all brought to an end by some diva warbling a song that has nothing to do with the story.I appreciate a good love story as much as the next person, and there have been good believable ones in film. However in this one we are asked to believe that a girl in 1912, who has lived a sheltered life and no real knowledge of the world, will in the space of 36 hours or so:1) fall for a third-class pretty-boy 2) pose naked for him 3) have sex with him in a car 4) spit in her fiancé's face 5) tell her mother to shut up 6) jump BACK onto a sinking shipAwwww....c'mon Mr. Cameron!And Cal is such a cardboard villain that about the only thing Cameron didn't do in the movie to make that any clearer to the audience is hang a sign around his neck saying "VILLAIN" in big letters and definitely establish that he likes to eat puppies for dinner.DiCaprio is too girlish and prettyboy looking to be a real leading man. And Winslet's acting ability is minimal.If you took the story of Titanic out of Cameron's script, you would have a movie that wouldn't even make it to the teenage hour on Lifetime cable.Not that the movie was a total waste. It was great to see the Titanic as it must have really looked back in 1912, and the sinking was riveting and realistically portrayed.But "the best movie ever" as so many on this site proclaim? The best picture Oscar? Maybe for the "Leonardo is soooo cute!" types.Just remember it was the Titanic that hit an iceberg...not Beverly Hills 90210.

This movie is *pitiful.* It is *abominable*. In terms of dung heaps, it is second only to "Superman Returns." That's not a very honorable position.Why do I hate "Titanic," you may be wondering? Here's a list. 1) Leonardo di Caprio's performance as the lovable but down-on-his-luck guy could have been played better and more realistically by Paris Hilton. 2) Kate Winslet's fake American accent is the least of the woes left by her whiny, I'm-a-poor-widdle-rich-girl turn. 3) James Cameron should automatically be disqualified as the director of any real historical tragedy, because he makes us care more about the prettiness of the ship than the victims. 4) Where James Horner's music fails to nauseate (he was really off his game here), you always have the classic fallback: Celine Dion's mess of a theme song.Those are the top four reasons-- I could write a 52-page essay on why this movie is so horrid, but IMDb doesn't provide reviewers with that kind of space, so I'll condense it a wee bit.If you want to watch a disaster, this film is perfect... and I'm referring to the debacle of the film, not the Titanic incident.

okay, there's over 2000 comments on this garbage so this has probably been said before, but I think I'm gonna "force my own opinions to be different so I can feel good about myself" LMAO contains spoilers....yuh...the boat sinks, people...Disgusting trash that is an insult to the real tragedy, no doubt it was an effort to make and took talent...but so did Terminator, Aliens, The Abyss, and any other of James Cameron's truly awesome work.If you think this is one of the "greatest films of all time", you haven't seen enough movies...it does nothing to showcase the obvious talents of its two main stars, Billy Zane is a joke, and the love story...c'mon...there are so many other movies with better love stories I'm not even going to bother naming any...should be obvious to anyone who cares.

I first saw "Titanic" in fairly early 1998, I think, here in Australia. I went with a girl I had recently got to know on the Internet. She had already seen it, and spoke in raptures about it after we left the cinema, while I was hesitating somewhat, as I was not sure about what I had just witnessed. Since then, I have seen the film at least twice more, including just now, and I stick by my opinion that I have never seen a movie that is so bad and so good at the same time. The bad, as so many people have said, is the script. Well, the characters too. The main romance is so embarrassingly contrived as to be juvenile, and this is not helped by the character of Rose. Quite frankly, I can't stand her, and can only wonder why Jack did not push the little brat off the ship when he had the chance. Speaking of Jack, I liked him. He and Molly Brown were, by far, the two best characters shown. I'm not bagging the acting of Winslett. I think she did well. I just thought her character was loathsome. Not much better is Cal. I couldn't stand him either, and yes, I know you're not meant to like him, but I didn't like the way I didn't like him! Talk about a corny villain. Snobby, cowardly... by the time he picked up the child to get his way off the ship, I was thinking, "Alright, we get the idea. He's a creep." Really, I thought the whole "first class and the rest" concept was overdone. Yes, I know it was an issue, but it's so clumsy and obvious as to be cringe worthy. But probably the worst and most disappointing character was the captain. Here was someone I would have loved to got to know. Ultimately, the sinking was all his fault. Yet there was no depth to him, instead just coming off as a feeble human being who did and said little, and who looked (understandably) more and more desolate as he saw what was happening. But then there is the good. The sinking. Absolutely incredible. I am always fascinated by the fact that the ship started to sink but, as is the nature of such events, everything looks normal for a while. People moved around as usual, the ship just kept motoring along. And yet we knew it would be under water in a couple of hours. The gradual submersion is enthralling, and technically brilliant. This is why I like to come back to the film, and no it's not because I'm a disaster fan (which I am) who just wants to see people die and not care about things like romance. Not at all. Really, no. A key to such films is depth of character and their relationships with each other. No real people means no emotional charge when said disaster happens. The effects are breathtaking, and the model work stunning. I can't enthuse enough about this part of the film.But the bad comes close to killing it all, and my view does not change after each time I see it. "Titanic" polarises me like no other film I've ever seen. It is awful. It is tremendous. Ultimately, the mixture makes it a middling film at best, which is a great shame. How it won Best Picture at the Oscars remains one of the biggest jokes in cinema history. But maybe, if we can forget about the bad, we can revel in the good, and appreciate some of the most stunning moments ever filmed in Hollywood.

every time i think about this movie i get ticked off. it was just so bad. james cameron! you made terminator and aliens, man! what is this schlock?! leonardo dicaprio! you made this boy's life and what's eating gilbert grape! what is this schlock?! kate winslet! i don't know anything about you but you seem to be pretty good! what is this schlock?! bill paxton! well... anyways, kind of cool special effects, but the story is pathetic. the romance is absurd and unbelievable. the characters are paper thin and i could have cared less who died by the end. this was the year i lost all respect for the academy (although it had already been severely damaged by forrest gump beating pulp fiction). how did titanic beat la confidential, goodwill hunting, and as good as it gets??? because of a great marketing and PR job and a fan base of 100 million adolescent girls the academy was afraid would attack their families should titanic lose. an epic doesn't need hundreds of millions of dollars thrown a it to be good. just look at lawrence of arabia. one last word about dicaprio in specific: dude, the beach was not a good return film from titanic and a big break. i only hope gangs of NY makes all the difference (don't take this the wrong way, you're a great actor in my book but your judgement of choice is poor lately). if any director can jumpstart someone's career it's scorsese.

James Cameron's Titanic was nothing short of a phenomenon. Like so many others, I went to the pictures more than once to catch the must-see film of 1997. When I first saw Titanic, I was swept away by the whole film. I thought it was a thrilling piece of entertainment. Funny, resonant and exciting in equal measure.But again, like so many others I also feel Titanic has lost a bit of its sparkle over the years. Its times like this you ask yourself why a film you once held in such high regard now ranks so low? Lets see if I can answer that question.There's no denying that on the one hand its an impressive piece of filmmaking. Cameron's direction is slick and economical, something that's served him well since his extraordinary debut with The Terminator. The 3 hour running time zips by without one barely noticing. But somewhere along the way, Cameron fumbles it, and like the Titanic, the film goes down with all hands.Cameron is a self-professed Titanic enthusiast, and he's clearly put a great deal of thought, care and precision into recreating the Titanic, from the jumbo sized pistons in the engine room right down to the tiny portholes on the bow. And he exactingly crafts its destruction, first explained to us through a step-by-step computer simulation.The collision with the iceberg. The gradual flooding of the compartments. Loss of power. The ship splits in half. The eventual sinking. And then we finally see it enacted in the last 90 minutes. It would be churlish not to mention how eerily precise Cameron gets the details of the Titanic.Its a shame the human characters aren't as well developed. Cameron's clout in the industry has allowed him to array a truly extraordinary cast. But save one or two, quite a few characters are little more than cardboard cutouts.Kate Winslet shines as Rose. She does quite well and invests a great deal of resourcefulness and spunk into the part of a débutante forced into marriage. Cameron draws a lot of strength and vitality from her character.As for Leonardo DiCaprio, he brings plenty of enthusiasm to Jack Dawson, a penniless artist from steerage. But his romance with Rose never truly convinces. The relationship only works on simplistic terms by pushing all the right emotional buttons. Exactly why it struck such a chord with audiences. Especially the female members. I remember hearing quite a few ladies in the audience reach for their tissues during Jack's rather maudlin death scene.I couldn't go into detail describing how many people there are to keep track of. Otherwise I'd run out of words. The ones that scored favourably with me are Kathy Bates as the unsinkable Molly Brown, Victor Garber as Mr Andrews the ship builder, and in a small but memorable role Jason Barry as Tommy, an Irishman in steerage who meets a tragic end.As for everyone else, they're all one-dimensional. Billy Zane is cast as Rose's fiancée Cal, a snobbish, controlling tyrant. There's no depth to his character. David Warner is wasted in a thankless role as Zane's ghoulish valet, and Frances Fisher takes the prize of worst offender for playing Ruth, Rose's heartless mother.Cameron waits quite a bit before the actual collision. So you'd be forgiven for feeling more than a little restless for the first hour and a half. There are a few moments that stand out. I quite liked the way the film contrasts the differences in 1st and 3rd class, each having dinner in their own way. And you will definitely sit up and pay attention to Jack drawing Rose in the nude wearing nothing but a priceless diamond.But its really after the crash that the film finally starts getting interesting. This is the part of the story Cameron wanted to tell. He stages the destruction of Titanic with breathtaking regard. Corridors flood with cascades of water. The enormity of the hull pivoting into the air is a terrifying sight. Its in these scenes where the film holds a captive audience. Cameron shoots them with a fanatical immediacy, and watching the destruction of these stylised and impeccably crafted sets is awesome to behold.Yet even in these scenes Cameron miscues it a little. The sinking of the Titanic has been filmed many times (A Night To Remember had to have influenced Cameron). But this is the first to add comedy into the mix. I didn't mind so much in the first half because the people aboard didn't know the maiden voyage of Titanic was doomed. But in the second half, when Cameron tries to make you laugh, its an approach at odds with the dramatic thrust of the story, e.g. the aristocrats aboard want brandies while the ship is sinking. This is hardly believable behaviour, and even disrespects the memories of those aboard. It leaves a bad taste in the mouth.Cameron does demonstrate far too much of a willingness to guess what the people aboard were like. Painting them in unfavourable colours, portraying the officers as officious bureaucrats, and even having one of them shooting passengers even when there is no evidence to support that.The final scenes for Jack and Rose go on too long in my opinion. His final words, which are really hackneyed and mawkish belong more in a soap opera, not a multi-million dollar feature film. The image of a floating necropolis is striking though.Titanic is certainly an oddity. Its a film that people embraced as a whole the world over, and now they go out they're way to find fault with it. I didn't go looking for faults. They surfaced as time went by because it just doesn't hold up too well to repeated viewings. I still think you should see Titanic, even if in a few years it probably won't do for you what it used to.

Watched it on the screen a few years back and could not sleep that night. I couldn't stop thinking about the poor people who drowned.The plot was not as interesting to me until the Titanic started to sink then the mood started to pick up.  i'm sorry that the characters were too one-dimensional to make me feel sorry for them when they drowned,  Kept wishing i knew more about them before they pulled the plug on the everything. . .I watched the documentary on cable channel then spurred me on to borrow the video.  The documentary made me cry more than the movie, amazingly. Watching it on video, I could watch the sinking bit 100 times, its the best! I just fast forward the whole middle section of the movie and watch the start and ending.  I can truly imagine myself sinking with the thousand plus desperate people, the special effects are truly convincing and fabulous! I cheered for the single lifeboat which went back and wonder what were the real stories of the 6 people whom they rescued?I'm very interested in discovering the stories of all the survivors and what really happened to the people who were on the Titanic because of this movie's attempts to recreate that fatal night.  Thank you!

I enjoyed watching this film. The visuals were good and the depiction of the sinking itself is good. But throughout, the film, and especially through the cheesy romance scenes, I couldn't help but think, "there were 2200 people aboard the ship. Shouldn't at least ONE of them have a movie worthy story? It was a tragic night/morning, so why would Mr Cameron need to make a fake story when he could find an actual survivors story." A thing it did right was the humanization of the disaster. When they focused on a non jack/rose character, I.e a real person like Captian Smith or Andrews or the Strausses and especially the band, the result was great. I don't consider myself a manly man, but normally I don't show much sadness for movies. However, I teared up a couple of times during the film (not during jacks death). The parts I'm talking about are the "Nearer My God, To Thee" scene and rose's heaven. But there is a very good reason DiCaprio didn't win an Oscar for this. HE AND WINSELT'S ACTING WAS BAD! It was just plain wooden at best. And don't get me started on jack didn't have to die. I agree. Yes the panel (ITS NOT A DOOR) could of held both of them, but only after they put the life preserver under the panel to improve buoyancy. But I'm going further back than that. ROSE WAS ON A FKING LIFEBOAT! THERE WOULD BE 1500 PEOPLE ONBOARD WHO WOULD KILL FOR A LIFEBOAT SPOT! AND SHE HOPS BACK ON THE BLOODY SHIP! WHAT DOES JACK SAY RIGHT AFTER!? "You're so stupid Rose!" YEAH, YOU ARE! BUT OLD ROSE BEING OLD ROSE Doesn't REALIZE THAT KILLS JACK!!!! OK, now that that's done, it was a mediocre movie at best.

Titanic is an over-hyped, over-rated piece of garbage. It goes an hour too long and winds on for what seems like decades. The plot is a poorly written, romantic piece of rubbish and the performances by DeCaprio and Winslet are mediocre. However, Billy Zane and Kathy Bates bring some some hope to the non-existent story line. Putting the plot and acting aside, Titanic is a technical milestone. The sequences where the Titanic sinks are nothing short of mind-blowing and you would think you are on the ship. It is lucky that the sinking of the ship is so brilliant, because after the length of time the viewer has to wait, it is much deserved. All in all, this is a movie that should have sunk in an hour and a half.

In many ways Titanic is a great movie. The effects are realistic enough to let you get right into it and the performances are generally very good; especially the gorgeous Kate who convinces with, or without, her kit on. It is a story of an ill fated but grand love affair. An unhappy heiress falls for a lovely poor guy over the rich, handsome, total bastard she's engaged to and trouble inevitably follows. This epic story is played out against the backdrop of a ship sinking which adds to the emotion, poignancy, hysteria and general tearfulness of it all and therein lies my problem with this flick.Before Titanic was a film it was a ship. Many real people died. Their families still remember. (yes even a century later), This movie is not a tribute or an insult. It is a disregarding of their memory. Jack and Rose could have had their moment in any one of a thousand scenarios. Why sully this tragic event?The sinking of the Titanic is a great historical tragedy. Not only death, but needless death, plus the loss of a magnificent machine, which was a tribute to human endeavour and ingenuity. The folly of her reckless handling in dangerous waters ( That's the ship, not Kate). The stupidity of man's "unsinkable" challenge to nature. The struggle of the crew to save as many people (especially rich ones) as possible. What a great film that could be (they tried to make it in 1958). A story that respected every gasp for air, every self sacrifice, every bloody engineer. Why did we need Jack and Rose? Is this the price we pay for Hollywood.

I remember the hype surrounding this movie and coming from the same part of the world where the titanic was built I thought this will be great. Well I watched this on video and was stunned' take a historical disaster and turn it into a romance novel' lol james Cameron has arrived. Its a real shame because I really liked the terminator' but that was when he was broke and visual effects were in its infancy the irony is the more money he makes the worse the movie and its not like this was a one off' it spawned other historical disasters like pearl harbour which was a titanic rip off. But the main problem for me was the whole movie surrounds the three main characters and everyone else on the ship was just window dressing and I like a lot of other guys couldn't wait until the ship sank. The only good thing I have to say is it made a big star out of dicaprio, and he has went on to bigger and better things. So this movie was a real bummer for me and a lot of others i'm sure.

Greetings from Lithuania.I'm a Titanic buff. Read lots of material, watched countless documentaries about the tragedy. I'm a movie buff as well - and it gets me every time i watch this unforgettable piece of work. This is a storytelling it's at is best. Visuals are outstanding even at this time, after 16 years - Titanic is aging wonderfully. The actor, all of them, did a very strong job, and i loved the two leads. I can not understand why is there so much negative buzz about this film. They say it's to chezee. You can throw a rock in me if you haven't saw more chezee stuff years after (Twilight and all the dancing shxx "movies" comes in to a mind first). Well i guess lots of people will always hate what is popular and at the same time really good - and that's a rare combination. Movies like this aren't made every day to say the least, and it's shame that so many people trashes them. Well, you can always just ignore them. Titanic is outstanding motion picture in every possible way, and it got what it deserved - 11 Oscars, 1,6 milliard at the box office and hardly nforgettable journey - it's hardly gets better than this.

This movie, despite the inordinate quantity of rewards it received, combines clichés and stilted dialogue to produce a passable effort. However, the length makes it excessively tedious. The script was badly written to the extent that the high points of the movie were the mammeries of Kate Winslet and the death of Leonardo's character, which provides some elation as the movie is, at that point, bound to roll the credits and leave you in piece. The special effects were an achievement, but the nauseating level of self-conscious sentimentalism that underpinned the movie burdened these scenes and leave you wondering why you should be compelled to care. The overall message is the same "love conquers all" message with a very familiar method. Highly recommended for those who suffer insomnia.

I'll tell you what bugs me about this film.DiCaprio's pals were Irish. The dancing was Irish. The music was Irish or had an Irish feel.I just got the nagging feeling that the DiCaprio character was supposed to be Irish too (but they chose a popular 'pretty' face for the male lead just in case). This nagged at me all through the film. It nagged me again when we watched the video....Anyway... enough of this. Here is the spoiler....It sinks.

The technical execution of the ship sinking is entertaining. The rest of the movie is worthless dribble.I can understand why an adolescent girl would sigh over some dumb little twerp proclaiming his love with his dying breath to a woman he has known for two days. However, anyone over the age of 15 who doesn't have to suppress a gag reflex at the idea has no standards at all. There was no chemistry between the leads. The writing was atrocious. Cameron failed miserably to develop any empathy for any of the major characters. The movie sank long before the ship did.A bad, bad, bad movie. The worst movie to win Best Picture since Forrest Gump. And that took some doing.

The fact that this movie won an Oscar for Best Film is one of the biggest disgraces of all time (it ranks right up there with Madonna not getting nominated for her role in Evita).  Everyone loved this thing for some reason, but I found it lame and boring.  I was so glad when the end credits came that I almost burst into hysteric joy!

When I went to see this film, I was expecting something truly great.  I was sadly very disappointed.  The characters were generally poorly developed, leaving me with a sickly sweet after taste, rather than a feeling of sorrow or compassion. Whilst the talent gathered (Winslet, Zane) hinted at true acting ability (they have provided far better performances in other films), the script is lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon. The technical effects have obviously been done to high standards, as the boat looks impressive, but that is where it ends, as the man-child DiCaprio slaughters the basest of emotional lines, as makes the romance seem cliched and below par. If you absolutely must see this film, see it on the silver screen, as the lack of grandeur which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the "acting" to behold.

Anyone who has even a glimmer of an idea of language, thought, or customs of turn-of-the-century US/Britain would be repelled by this film.  I've read a number of survivor accounts, and people just didn't THINK or TALK the way they thought and spoke in the film.  Anachronisms aside, it was, I suppose, only a love story.  But there are so many better ones that have been filmed. Titanic was to me a real disappointment.

Titanic:Number one box office takings of all time, by a mile. Special effects better than any other movie, ever.And nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters' top 250.Why the disparity? Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make, and cannot cover the cracks in the pedestrian plot and the cardboard characterisation.The ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk not by an iceberg but a similarly immovable object; the judgment of movie-lovers.

The movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch in a way that is totally contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position. This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdoch's descendants. No wonder the Chinese government recommended the movie to their people. It amazes me how modern American filmakers seem to delight in tearing down the society and values they have grown up in. The film is an insult to all those passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a horrific death. In reality it was NOT two 90's style teenagers who were the heroes of the Titanic.

Best film ever, most certainly not. Best film of 1997, again not in with a chance. I have to report that while watching "Titanic" I found myself being totally bored by the stereotypical charecters, i.e Snobbish English, Battleaxe American. Cameron has also reeled out loads of cliches and made them 10 times more boring. There is also an undertone of class struggle which is direly executed. As for "Titanic" being called a love story, that could never be said as there was no chemistry between the two leads and to me no feelings of love came across (James try watching other Oscar nominee As Good As It Gets for a decent love story). As for the tragedy that was Titanic in the film I did not feel as though the tragedy was fully put across and I left actually feeling numb from this glamourised dross. How this truly terrible film managed to get the Best Film Oscar is beyond me (As Good As It Gets a much better and beautiful film) and how Cameron got the Best Director award is unbelievable although is unsurprising when people like Martin Scorsese do not get an Oscar for films such as Raging Bull, Goodfellas and Mean Streets.

This film and the adoration it has received from viewers and reviewers alike is one of the dominant reasons why I have decided not to attend any American made films this year. My reasons are too numerous and strongly felt to be reduced to 1,000 words. I think that this picture itself can take the place of my 1,000 words of disgust with James Cameron and the American film industry.

Absolutely abominable. Terrible in all respects except costume design.Very disrespectful to the memory of those who died on this great ship.Forget James Cameron.Rent "A Night To Remember" if you want to watch a beautiful film based on survivors' actual stories of what happened.Jack and Rose?They can drown for all I care.This film beat "L.A. Confidential" for best picture?This weepy adolescent junk will go down in history as the WORST Best Picture that the Academy ever picked.

The Greatest film of all time? HMMM.I vowed to never watch the film, but I did. What a waste of time and 2 video cassettes. I did give the film a chance. I am a James Cameron fan, I own all of his other films on cassette. What can I say. The film was boring, the acting was horrible. DiCaprio was laughingly bad, and he actually thought he deserved an Oscar nod. Billy Zane played the best character in the film, honestly. His character was the most entertaining character.Too bad so many people were blinded by DiCaprio's looks and did see the bad acting flowing from him. The special effects were poor. C'mon, long black bars representing the night sky. Mushy looking computer generated faces put over stunt peoples faces to make them look like DiCaprio and Winslet. There is no way that DiCaprio could swim up to the surface of the water after being pulled in by such a huge undertow. The special effects guys forgot to add frozen breath in many of the sequences that take place in the frigid water. Also during that scene you can here soundstage echos. DiCaprio sure spent a lot of time talking about places he had been to, which is fine, considering they did not exsist back then. Oh yea, It was sure nice of DiCaprio to turn his back on his apparent life long best bud for Winslet. What a nice guy. Look closely as Leo enters, the dining hall, you can see the reflection of a big camera and some crew guys carrying it. And if you adjust ticket prices for inflation, Titanic is not even close to being the highest-grossing film of all time. Gone With The Wind, E.T., and even The Star Wars Trilogy would have earned more. Too many Titanic fans brag about that. Kate Winslet did not need to be naked in that film. Also, her older version in the 90's could not have remembered all those facts about the ship. Bill Paxton was wasted in this film. This is not even close to being the greatest film of all time, It is not even a good movie.Check out Reservoir Dogs, The Star Wars Trilogy, Predator, even This Boys Life (A good DiCaprio film).

The featured review of this film carries the line "the scene shifts to Southampton, Ireland where the Titanic set sail from on April 10, 1912" A minor point perhaps, to our american friends but Southampton is in England. Still, i only partly put that glaring error down to the unfortunate american who wrote it. After seeing Titanic i would have got the impression Southampton is in Ireland too. The ship was built in Belfast which was British then and is British now, so to make up for that and appease the Irish American audience they fill the ship with poor unfortunates from the emerald isle whose only role in the film seems to be getting screwed by the English "tyrants" who run the ship. Add a few poor but heroic Americans to the mix and you've got a blockbuster. To be fair, i hate this type of film anyway so it was never going to get a good review from me. 2 / 10

Titanic has a lot of fans and a lot of detractors. The movie itself is a technical masterpiece. James Cameron showed things that people had never seen before, such as going down into the actual wreckage with this little machine. The movie came out when I was 12, and since I was one of the millions of girls who were head over heels in love with Leonardo DiCaprio, I went to see it four times in the theater.As I said, technically this movie is just brilliant. Some of the technology is a little bit outdated: if you look closely enough, you can pick out the computer images, but I don't think those detract from the visuals. The sets and costumes are absolutely marvelous. The music is also beautiful and haunting, and it's just right for the film's mood. I've always thought that the love theme "My Heart Will Go On" is cheesy, but effective in conveying the message of the film.Of course the movie is about the Titanic, but that is really the backdrop for the love-across-class-lines story between Rose DeWitt Bukater and Jack Dawson. When I was 12 of course, this was absolutely fantastic. Now I see it a bit differently, but I do find it appealing nonetheless. The idea is a little bit ludicrous considering how the ship was built and isolated the upper class from those in steerage. A woman being able to break away from that is also pretty doubtful, but nonetheless if you can get over that you can see the love story for what it is, and that its message is love transcends all obstacles. This is a great movie to watch on a Saturday afternoon when it's rainy outside and you've got nothing better to do.Aside from the love story you have the entire tragic loss of life from the sinking of the ship. I think this was both well-done by Cameron visually and the viewer sees the absurdity of course in Rose's jumping off the lifeboat to return to Jack. Again though we understand as an audience that we're going to be experiencing the foundering of this ship through the eyes of our two star-cross'd lovers, so the audience just has to roll with the punches here. Some of the shots here are amazing, and it gets a little ghastly when the ship breaks in half and people start falling off and hitting propellers and getting landed on by the stern of the ship.The dialogue in this movie, however, is far from stellar. The worst parts are the modern day pieces with Gloria Stewart and Bill Paxton's acting is as flat as the Great Plains. Again you just have to roll with the punches to get to the good stuff, which is all the material when they're on the Titanic. Billy Zane makes a great villain, and so does Frances Fisher as the mother. Kate Winslet I think did an excellent job given some of her lines are a bit dull, but I think she still pulls it off convincingly. Leonardo DiCaprio is also a good actor, and although some of his lines are terrible, you can see in him the youth and vibrancy that a poor young artist must have when he's gotten the chance of a lifetime.It's interesting to look at the roles of these women too, as Rose is not portrayed as a damsel in distress, but more of a young woman who's confused and angry and trapped in her upper class world. While it may sound like a poor little rich girl story, Kate Winslet convinces you that it's not just about her resenting her position in society. If you were Rose, you'd be unhappy too.Overall I still love this movie. It's a great disaster film and has a lot of those classic elements. The direction and the sets and costumes are visually dazzling, and some of the acting is not superb, but overall I still say it's a good movie. It's definitely worth watching once, if only for the sets and the sinking of the ship.

Ok, I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it was too good to ignore for this formulaic recipe.Mix together a bunch of cliches. Boy meets girl. Boat meets iceberg. Add social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel. Stir in a heap of stodgy dialogue and a lot of very good and expensive special effects.Add a million gallons of salty water and what do you get? A mess that will make you nauseous.

Despite the millions it may have raked in, I'm sorry, this is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen.  Not that I don't think all the praise in the world for the technical side shouldn't be heaped upon it, the visual effects were undisputably stunning, but this is Hollywood at its worst : pure candyfloss.  Completely contrived, sugarcoated and poorly-written, Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers' time.

On a purely technical level, Titanic was considered at the time the crowning achievement of a filmmaker who's always strived to top his last cinematographic entry with the next. Up until that point and still to this day, he's managed to do just that. He's always made the most of the technological advantages at the time and always come up with a jaw-dropping, mesmerizing visual spectacle. Even at times when budget constraints and uncooperative technical crew, due in part for his apparent lack of experience and fresh off- the- boat from his first serious outing on the directorial chair for The Terminator, like it was the case in Aliens, he's always managed to deliver. It sure does take him a long time to come up with the next one, but everytime he does, he hits the box office's bullseye.
This time around and, with one of the more simplistic storylines ever put to the big screen, he brings us one of the most memorable and fondly remembered movies of the late 90s.
From the very first shot of the movie, those sepia color-corrected images that convey a haunting feeling of remembrance and loss, to the first images of the research vessel subs exploring the entrails of the haunted ship, we plunge right into what it must have felt like walking onto the deck of the Titanic. And we go back to the plot. As I said before, using the simplest of plot devices, a , on the other hand, very well told love story with tinges of social clashing, we are treated to a 3 hour, eye - catching spectacle that moves along at a whip-like pace. With very strong performances all throughout, gorgeous cinematography and production design, state-of-the-art visual and practical effects and a perfect score by the great late James Horner, this is probably one of Cameron's best efforts behind the camera and a movie for the ages. Needless to say, the strongest asset of the movie is its third and final act, with the depiction of the sinking of the titular ship and the resulting mayhem. That, as always, and with the character development groundwork previously laid out by Cameron, is the main reason to watch this movie, and why the audience is so invested in what's happening onscreen. As I said, great movie and larger-than-life characters to go with it.

When people started complaining about jack dying and calling them names is ridiculous. Even when mythbusters did it they seem to try to be as accurate as possible but what they missed is by jack staying off it that is why kept rose as dry as possible when the busters did stuff to get position just right and even tied the life best on the door I can tell you that it would have been more then extremely difficult to do that in north Atlantic freezing water your ha d do not work well and if they had to take there time in life suits if jack kept forcing rose in the water to safe himself he would have killed her as well the busters did a test that if jack was able to get out of the water immediately he would have barely survived just barely! Meaning if he even made her fall in o e or two times she would not have survived let alone probably 7 or more times the busters fell in and the door would have been sitting a few inches I. The water at that temp it would have more then enough to kill her. So I believe the way it happe. Was well thought out and orchestrated. And last thing if he would have survived the movie would not have been as good. It's the story of after titanic that makes the movie stick with you if he survived it would have made it a good movie not an amazing top 5 movie of all time.

This film goes down in history as one of the best based on a true historical event. You'll feel the pain of the characters as the ship sinks. It's truly a human tragedy

I am not a fan of romantic movies, the quality of films these days has already lost my interest in it, however, a classic is nevertheless classic, and it does hold up to its name, never had I ever invested this much emotion into any movie, so glad I've watched it.

Of course I know the ending of "Titanic". Everybody knows the ending. Then why, oh why did this movie glue me to my seat for 3 hours - in the year 2018? It's absolutely thrilling! My rewatch was a complete surprise: Fantastic action, great directing, even the visuals didn't age as ugly as they could have. And the acting performances! I remember everyone being very sceptic about Leonardo diCaprio and Kate Winslet back in the Nineties. But why? I don't get it. Also: What a joy to see Bernard Hill again, since I had a LotR-rewatch soon before. Noone can look as doomed as he can, be it in the battle of Helm's Deep or on the sinking Titanic.But maybe it's the time that's changed. They don't make movies like that anymore, because they can't. If they try, something like "Avatar" comes out: Something predictable. A cliché. Maybe the time of the great Hollywood blockbuster is just over. Thank God we can always rewatch Titanic.

I absolutely like this movie! It is the best romantic drama, fantastic direct, gripping music, very good actors, beautiful story... great combination that predestines good results. The film stars Kate Winslet (Rose DeWitt Bukater) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Jack Dawson).
The story is about young lover were so different world. Rose is very rich girl. She is engagement with rich man- Caledon Hockley. Rose is unhappy, she must leave to New York to she could get married in NYC. They travel in upper-class with her mother Ruth. Jack and his friend Fabrizio win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. Rose want kill herself. Jack- poore boy and painter save her before jump from ship. Lovers met and love story started...
This story always inspiring me and I often thinking about this film, this story. About lifes a thousand people, about ,,Ship of dream"
My opinion is that life is too short and we must enjoy every moment with people that we loved. Titanic is about this.
You will certainly give me the truth when I write that Titanic is very moving.
For the end ,,A woman´s heart is a deep ocean of secrets.´´

This film is something so beautiful and awe inspiring, at the same time stricking you with a meloncholic feel that leaves a dent on your heart for a long time to come. This film stays with you as long as you live and dream films

I see little point in being the two thousandth six hundred and nineteenth person in reviewing this movie but why not? I saw this movie on its release, being a ten year old child I was more concerned about seeing a young naked female than watching fifteen thousand five hundred and three people die.Such a movie was shut away in the back of my small silly mind and revived on the odd occasion through out my life. Over all I presumed this movie had little to no impact on my life until I realized it inspired my artistic talent.That mysterious picture of Rose was set in my mind from a very young age and inspires me to this day along with the other pictures in Jacks portfolio. Anyone with an artistic flare would know what I am talking about.Later on in life I presumed this movie was a propaganda piece and took less care to even notice it. Until I took notice.
It became evident that this movie portrayed two peoples exceptionally well, the rich and the poor.
That was the division and a sad one at that.
Its easy to focus on the love life of Jack and Rose but easier to focus on the indignation of the rich and poor and I think the movie might of underplayed that.
Which is acceptable.Its easy to say the movie was a tragic one but its easier to say it represents a heart of darkness and it is that darkness that makes one cry.
Its extremely well filmed. The filmography is brilliant, the music enumerates and over all the entire film compliments itself each second.There was a dispensation in film making of peak performances, this era seemed to last less than twenty years, this film was filmed during it,

This movie is 3 hours of pure pleasure , no matter how many times i watch it i never get enough of it. Every scene , every dialogue is a masterpiece which is impossible to recreate again .

If you have not seen Titanic, I'm sure you've heard of it, and of so, please do watch it because not only is the film a "great watch" or a great "thrill ride of suspense and emotional scenes", but Titanic is one of the greatest films of all time. The film has some of the best acting from Winslet and DiCaprio and some of the best character chemistry between them. The direction lead by James Cameron is phenomenal. The ending to the film is one of the most intense, beautiful and sad endings I've ever seen, i can not remark one flaw about it. The cinematography is great and the film has some of the best and most memorable shots in cinema history (yes, that including the scene where Jack holds Rose up at the ship deck). The soundtrack is amazing, including Celine Dion's fantastic song that totally fits the feel of the film. Titanic is a must watch, one i would have killed for to see on the big screen! I will be posting a review of AHS Apocalypse Episode 3 this evening after the confirmed return of Cordelia, Madison and Myrtle, so exciting!! Stay tuned

It was the first romance I ever saw in movies ,I was 11 and cried for such a tragic ending it has .9 years later ,I lost the count of how many times I saw the movie .You can watch it in any mood .Believe me ,it's not the characters or plot but the whole setting of something bad we knew will happen is the thing ,that creates the emo connection and there is no other movie that compares ,Titanics glamourous presentation.

Adventurers delve to the bottom of the ocean to search the ghostly remains of the Titanic. It's a very haunting moment because it still rests at the bottom of the ocean this day. They find a safe with a drawing of a young woman wearing a ruby known as 'The Heart of the Ocean'. They get a call from a 100 year old lady claiming the drawing is her.There is great chemistry between Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio who both give great performances. It's a groundbreaking achievement from the gorgeous cinematography, sound effects and editing. It's a very immersive experience as there is so much attention to detail with the incredible set designs, costume designs and makeup giving it a very authentic look. James Horners sweeping music score is heartfelt and intense. James Cameron is a magnificent director who before this made action sci-fi blockbusters like the Terminator films and The Abyss. He proves that he is very versatile filmmaker who can make more than just action films. Its no surprise the film won 11 Oscars and became the highest grossing film ever made.

Titanic is world famous. The film that broke every box office record on release and wore the box office champion crown for many years(until it was overtaken by Jim Cameron's Avatar) is special because not only does it showcase the Titanic disaster in all its glory the film is a technical achievement of the highest order. The sinking sequence is astonishing and it feels like you are watching the actual ship sink. The characters and actors are amazing and even with a large running length you never dare look at the watch. James Cameron is a master director and Titanic is his stamp of authority.

The best i watch in my life .. it has alots of feeling sadness happiness every thing i love it so much

Hear me out. I'm not saying that "Titanic" is the greatest film of all time, but it sure as hell is one of the most successful films of all time - if not the most, period. It won ELEVEN Oscars, the record most for any film ever (sure it's tied with two other films, but that still doesn't take away from it). It's the film that has the most Oscar nominations of all time, as well as many other accolades (keep in mind, there are a lot more awards nowadays than there were in 1997-98). It was the HIGHEST GROSSING film of all time at the time of release (officially documented - if you want to talk about "Gone With The Wind" or "Star Wars", we can have that chat later) until another film by the same director, Avatar, came out a dozen years later. All the major critics of the time, including Roger Ebert who gave it a perfect 4 out of 4 stars, were enthralled by the film, absolutely captivated. The people of the time also loved it. Indeed, in 2012 upon re-release, people rushed into the cinemas to see it for a second time. The film was of a supremely high quality, too - especially Kate Winslet's acting, or the cinematography, visual effects, art direction, costume design, a decent enough plot, and so forth. There are films that are better than "Titanic", but there are very few that were as remarkably successful as this one.In summary, "Titanic" dominated the awards season, was loved by the people AND critics, was a huge financial success, still plays a prominent part in popular culture, and is remembered two decades later. Whether you hate it or love it, it was a smashing success in all senses and should be studied in film schools as an example of a successful film - if we want to see cinema as a business not just art (many films nowadays are all buck, no creativity).

One of my biggest childhood memories was seeing Titanic in the theatre. I was only 7 years old when it was first released and I had no idea what a hell of a ride I was in for. My father always had a keen interest in the Titanic and its sinking, and I remember a large Atlas like book he had of the Titanic full of pictures of the wreckage, the dive teams efforts, salvage operations, etc.It was just after Christmas 1997. We went to my grandparents for a weeks holiday. During our visit, the adults decided we were all going to go and see Titanic. So we arrive at the cinema, walk in through the front entrance and there's a line-up like you can't even imagine. a huge line-up, of people, all hoping to get in and see Titanic. we stood in line for a few minutes until an usher came and yelled out "ALL THOSE WANTING TO SEE TITANIC, TICKETS ARE SOLD OUT FOR TODAY!", and I think that was my first inkling of "wow this movie really is a big deal", So dad went to the ticket booth and got us tickets for two days later, in a 3pm session that had enough tickets left for all five of us.Fast forward two days, we go in and get our seats for the 3pm session, the cinema is jam packed, i'm talking not one seat free. three incredible hours later, we walk out of the theatre, walk back through the shopping centre and get in our 4WD to drive back to nan and pops. The second I got in the car, I was just totally mesmerized the entire way home, thinking about this movie and constantly repeating wow, wow wow, inside my head. As a seven year old kid, Seeing this, all I can say this movie had me gobsmacked.Anyway, onto the movie...A 101 year old woman Rose sees a drawing of a young nude teenager on TV that was recovered from the wreckage, she quickly realizes the nude girl in the drawing is in fact her. She gets into contact with Brock Lovett (played effortlessly by Bill Paxton), who conducts frequent dive and salvage operations of the Titanic's wreckage. He is searching for a lost treasure known as the Heart of the Ocean which is an extremely rare and insanely valuable diamond. After a very disappointing failed salvage attempt, Rose and Brock come into contact and Rose is flown out to their salvage boat, Where rose ends up telling a group (including her granddaughter, Lizzy) her entire story on the Titanic from start to finish.Her story begins with Her arriving in Southampton with her mother, fiancé, Cal (played wonderfully by Billy Zane), and Mr Lovejoy (David Warner), who kind of acts like family security. We are introduced to a young and very beautiful Kate Winslet. The Titanic is still docked and the docks are crowded with avid passengers and enthusiastic spectators, all itching to see the Titanic set off on its maiden voyage. We are introduced to the handsome and mischievous Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his friend Fabrizzio in a tense poker game. They're lucky enough to win tickets on board and merely make it on board.The next portion of the film has various characters talking about the Titanic's construction, kind of as a way to feed the audience some background knowledge I guess. We're introduced to the ship's owner, builder and a whole array of other first and third class citizens. After Rose explains how depressed she was starting to feel after being caught up in the madness of being a first class citizen, and being forced to marry someone she denies her love for, we see Rose upset and about to jump off the ship committing suicide. Here, we have a lovely and eerily quiet introduction between Rose and Jack. For assisting Rose, Her fiancé cal, invites him to dinner in first class the following evening. We see the clear distinction between Third and first class. Jack has no idea how to behave like a first class citizen, and portrays that very nicely on screen to the point where it's actually quite humorous. Later on in the film, after a few more dramas, we see what I can only describe as the most Iconic and memorable on scree kiss, of any movie in history. Now we come to the part of the film we came to see. The sinking. The remainder of the film is pure epic. We see the ship slowly sinking, more water rushing through the various floors and decks, the passengers becoming progressively more panicked, The captain trapping himself in the wheel house, people turning on each other, distressed children and parents, people jumping off the ship into the freezing ocean trying to survive and it's incredible how much you do actually feel like you're there on the ship. All of it was done in studios but it literally does look like its sinking into a real ocean. And the scene where the ship splits in two, was the icing on the cake for me. After the ship has sunk, the survivors floating in the ocean become slowly more and more quiet, until there's complete silence. I still to this day find it a very eerie and disturbing part of the film. All in all, Titanic is quite simply put, just a ground breaking piece of cinema. The film makers got the Era spot on in terms of clothing and how characters look and behave, and as I understand got the look of the Titanic's interior spot on for the time period too. It really does feel like you're back in 1912, and it's always a movie I can come back to every few years and enjoy it as if it was my first time seeing it as a 7 year old. Phenomenal film. 10 out of 10. Fox.

Being of a rather sensitive nature, I steered clear of "Titanic", mostly because I did not want to witness the deaths of the 1500+ people who perished in the icy Atlantic waters in 1912. Thus I only recently saw the film on video, months after all the hype, the awards, and subsequent hoopla had played itself out. "Titanic" is certainly a lush, beautifully photographed and well-mounted film, although it is almost a bit too "slick" for my tastes. I thought Leo and Kate were blandly likable, but I was not very much interested in their characters or their performances. The supporting cast, however, was top-notch, in particular Frances Fisher's remarkably restrained performance as Rose's mother. Ms. Fisher did more acting with a 3-second, tight-lipped glance of disapproval then Leo did with 3 hours worth of stilted dialogue. And Billy Zane managed to twist his classically handsome features into an oily, and sometimes frightening, visage of callow shallowness. The wonderful Kathy Bates always lends a touch of class to whatever role she undertakes, and as Molly Brown she doesn't disappoint. I would have been much more interested in the plot if the story had been told from Molly's perspective rather than Rose's. But the real point of the film is the tragedy itself, which is depicted with harrowing, overwhelming clarity during the sinking sequence. On this level, I think the film is fully realized; however, the fictitious story line is seriously flawed, and I have a difficult time believing Leo as a romantic leading man. In "Titanic" he's more like the arrogant kid who should be taken to the woodshed and spanked.

I was just wandering the city one day, seeing the city lights, so I went to see it. Titanic. The big movie, that everybody went and talked about.I'll go straight to the point and won't go as to say anything about the plot. We've all gotten that in by force I think. What I find good about this movie are the small things. Not where everything is focused upon: Decaprio and Kate obviously. The movie has much personality, so love it or hate it; you'll find something about Titanic that feels personal. I won't let out what I think was my favorite part of the movie.Titanic is, yes, a good movie. I would be blind if I didn't see the beauty of this movie. But, maybe Titanic is too much larger then life. When watching it, you fail to remember reality. It all seems all too Hollywood, with Decaprio's face on the dollar bill with Titanic in the background.Titanic tells us about every living thing on the ship (or so it seems) even the rats get a little spotlight in. But the whole thing seems still to evolve just two characters. So, it seems to me that the movie gets too shallow: Sinking a ship just to get a good love story? Ah well, maybe I'm too picky? Titanic is good though. Guess where my favorite part of the movie is? You'll never guess it. I'll give you a clue. Somewhere along the sinking scene. :) Enjoy the movie.

O.K., don't get misled by the one-line summary, I thought "Titanic" was a descent movie, but in no way was it the best film of the year, not even close. Let's face it, if DiCaprio isn't in the cast, this movie doesn't break the records. The performances were all half-way decent at best (I could have played Jack, it was that difficult of a part). But the special effects were nice. The plot was textbook romance and there was nothing surprising, even when Jack died. All in all, this movie was ok. I give it a 6 out of 10. If you want to see a real Cameron movie see "True Lies". That's a movie that has got it all. Fun, action, comedy, and a surprise here and there. Finally the main reason this movie could have been better is if the screenplay was better. "Good Will Hunting" won for best screenplay in '97 and they deserved it a lot more. A good movie, but ladies, lets just leave it at that.

OK, i don't know what everyone else was thinking while voting, but i'd sure like to voice my opinion...loudly.1. i'm very disappointed with the limited recognition this beautiful movie has on IMDb. i would expect more from movie lovers.2. it's very hard to find a movie that all ages can enjoy with comedy, tragedy, truth and love. which Titanic clearly delivers.3. acting was outstanding, not to mention the unforgettable music and effects.Titanic, in my opinion, is a milestone in leo's and kate's careers. Many of the scenes in the movie stay with you after you've watched it. Not just the tragedy or romance, but the vast gap presented amongst the 'rich' and 'poor', who are treated in proportion with their money. I absolutely love this movie.

After hearing several people talking about this particular movie and how many times they went back to see it, I bought the movie, watched it one time, put it away and have never gotten it back out again.  Granted everything was on a grand scale, good story-line, and somewhat interesting characters.  But I'm afraid the only thing most people (females) went again and again to see was Leonardo DiCaprio.  I enjoyed what special effects there were and had quite a long wait to see them and then it was over. Sorry, this wasn't one for me.

I must admit, as a movie buff, that this was the worst piece of sap-o-rama ever the "grace" the screen. I mean, What was the point?  It was about two little spoiled kids running around on some stupid boat saying stuff like "I'll never let go". Come on!!  The romantic side of it was so contrived it felt like I was being choked as I watched it.  None of the characters were even half-way decent, and all the actors were just a waste (Leo Dicaprio is a loser) the boat was the main character, and the iceberg was the supporting actor/bad guy.  Towards the end of the movie, I was hoping the boat would just sink already just to put me out of my misery.  When Kate Winslet was threatening to throw herself overboard, I was on the edge of my seat yelling "Jump! Do it, Jump!"  James Cameron uses the death of a thousand innocent people in an attempt to illicit some emotion out of the audience, since the characters of the movie can't do it.  The only redeeming quality of the whole film was Kathy Bates, but even she couldn't save this boat from sinking.  Let's face it, the only reason there is to watch this movie is if you got a couple of hours to kill and your dentist can't give you a root canal just right now, but you want to prepare yourself for the pain.

Can we say predictable?  Can we say simplistic?  Can we say a badly told love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller coast sfx show happens?  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by hacks hammed up by "beautiful" media darling actors?We don't have to say any of this.  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too much money doing it.Perfect 1.  Nuff said.

I saw 'Titanic' twice as it was released in 1997. My first impression was "wow", it felt really stunning and visually impressive, big and simply the "best". However the impression was lost soon. One thing I realized - 'good movie' is not equal to 'expensive movie'. After this I saw hundreds of films and I started to evaluate them from a different point of view and 'Titanic' sank to the ocean of Hollywood production, not leaving a footstep after it.This was a very expensive film, but as I now remember the whole story, the way it was shown, the grandiose hype of it... it feels completely banal, plain and... cheap. Cheap not in terms of money spent on it but in terms of plot, acting and general style of the movie. Yes I have to pay my respect to the director for such a grandiose work and all those Oscars he received (even though they're not that valuable anywhere but in Hollywood), but to my opinion this film is an expensive and unsuccessful attempt to make a good film. Yes, the views were nice and realistic, but that's all. There's nothing more I could rate positively in this film except the technical special effects. How many more criterion's despite special effects are there while rating a movie?I congratulate the makers of 'Titanic', they did a good business and after spending $ hundreds of millions they profited even more but that doesn't make 'Titanic' a good film. It's just another 'stunning' piece of Hollyywood production in the bad meaning of it. Sorry if I sound too harsh but I really mean it. For nice effects - 4/10

Just outside Kursk on a sunny July morning in 1943 Obersturmführer Muller of the 3rd Panzer Division has a problem. His fancy new Panther tank, in a Meisterstück of environmentally sound engineering, has come with a two live zebra painfully welded to the rear and, as we know, Germans don't do back wheel drive. Vorsprung Durk Technic.A similar, and no less surreal, problem plagues James Cameron's technical tour de force. It is impressive, groundbreaking and sophisticated but, let's face it, it's going nowhere with a plot like that bolted incongruously to its chassis.Renowned to be one of the most expensive films of all time; it seems preposterous that a few quid couldn't have been siphoned from the "huge-ship-sinks-dramatically" budget into the "story" budget. But there you go.The actors try their best. Plaudits go Leonardo DiCaprio for successfully rehashing Hollywood's cheesy Iorish stereotypes. Billy Zane is excellent as the "creepy, violent one". And, of course, our Kate furthers the plot significantly by putting her famous waps on display (they are very impressive).In fact the plot is so bad, and the dialogue so awful, you can sense the huge directorial sigh of relief when the ship starts to sink. Listen carefully and you can almost hear Cameron mutter over tortured screech of ice on metal, "Ah! This is the kinda film I understand." Once the ship goes belly-up things do, indeed, liven up dramatically. Things slide around, people scream, chandeliers crash, vast imponderable drops open beneath peoples' legs and the huge, hulking edifice that is James Cameron's Titanic sinks gracefully and inexorably into the dark waters.At least an hour and forty minutes before all this, Winslet provides one of the more amusing, unintentional ironies of the film, when she declares to the ship's designer "Mr Freud has some interesting theories about men forever striving to make things bigger". Biggest ship, biggest movie, biggest budget. Hmmm, save it for Oprah.So impressive, expensive, huge and groundbreaking. Nevertheless, Titanic remains a towering cathedral to mediocrity - and the only film for which the best viewing experience is achieved by arriving two-and-a-half hours late and leaving ten minutes before the end. 4/10.

Special effects junkies may get something out of this film, but I found it long, very boring and totally unmoving.  The characters in general were shallow and one-dimensional;  none of the main characters were in the slightest bit likeable, and the film's potential was ruined by the extremely silly and totally fabricated central story of the "upstairs/downstairs" romance between Di Caprio and Winslett.  This totally implausible bit of the plot succeeds in turning this tale of a terrible human tragedy into just another trite Hollywoodisation in which only beautiful people and thwarted love count for much.  Such a shame - given the dreadful, tragic setting (which, let's face it, really did happen), it could have been a good film.......

I'm one of the cynics, and am quite proud of it, thanks. I cannot fathom why this film received any Oscars apart from anything for special effects (in that department, it excels). Yes, the actual cracking apart and sinking of the legendary ocean liner was extremely well done. But as for the rest, just one word: disappointment.First, there's Leo--not a terrible actor, but pretty limited here. And Kate? About the same goes for her. Then, there is the story. It would have been more interesting if it had focused on the lives of others who were actually on the ship--including the crew. It's also painfully over-long, AND it has a Celine Dion song to boot. How much more wrong can it possibly get? An overrated piece of dross indeed.

Sure, the Leo and Kate girly fanatics are going to be highly upset, but, oh well, this is my review of this awful movie, not theirs! Titanic is the worst movie ever made, why might you ask? It has two annoying teenage characters, very overweight Rose, played by chubby Kate Winslet, and skinny teenage brat/"artist", Jack, played by Leo DiCaprio.You would think that the film would be about the Titanic, right? No, it's about these two brats spending three hours playing games with everyone on the ship, while waiting for it to sink.Not once did I believe that a spoiled and infintile brat like Rose, would win the affections of such a wealthy person like Cal, played by Billy Zane.I mean, I'm one of the few people who actually sees Cal's point of view. I mean Rose did agree to get married to Cal, but instead of accepting it, like a mature person, Rose acts like a spoiled brat, who seriously needs a good spanking from her mother. Rose selfishly accepts the advances of Jack, who has no money, and no way to support himself, other than to cheat other people out of their tickets. I cheered when Cal slapped Rose for cheating on him! If it were me, I would have dumped her long ago, after all, she is not only a brat, but extremely overweight as well!I found this movie to be completely predictable, pretentious and downright BORING! How this film became a hit, shows that teenage girls will see anything with overweight women, as long as a pretty boy like Leo is starring in it.Neither Leo nor Kate can act. And someone seriously needs to recommend that Kate Winslet eat a lot less food, she often looked exhausted after performing a simple task, and her costumes look like they are about to burst.When the boat finally sinks all excitement is worn out after spending three exhausting hours with two immature brats who get on people's nerves!Not to mention after the ship sunk and there are literally hundreds of freezing passengers sinking in the water, Rose, selfishly keeps a large piece of wood for herself, not bothering to offer any space to nearby passengers who all died while Rose selfishly stayed on a large piece of wood.I seriously recommend that fans of this so called movie re-evaluate this flick, but it's downright terrible! It's the worst film ever made, and, that's my opinion!

I will never understand the common man, and therefore will never understand the mass hysteria over this movie.  I did not care about any of the passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to.  In fact, we know none of the true heart-breaking tales of the R.M.S. Titanic - only the fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat and the only American in steerage. It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without ever learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic.  5 will get you 10 that most of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart of the Ocean.  We already know many fools clamored around the graves of anyone known as Jack Dawson.  Most offensive, however, are Mr. Cameron's comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost on the R.M.S. Titanic.  Life is not a movie, and love does not conquer all.

So, how do you spend vast amounts of money on a film and still wind up with a dreadful (albeit profitable) end product? Simple.You spend lots of money on beautiful sets and breathtaking special effects. You hire some very talented and/or (mostly or) attractive actors. Then you give those actors lines to speak that are so badly written they might have been written by a 13-year-old girl trying to emulate a Harlequin romance.Despite wonderful production values and a serviceable story line, "Titanic" may be painful to the ears of anybody who is fully literate. Why did James Cameron spend so many millions to make a film and not spend an extra ten grand to have a competent editor look at his script? Writing the "Terminator" movies really was NOT adequate preparation for writing an epic romance.Gag me with a spoon! (Hmmm... did Kate Winslet's character say something like that in what was supposed to be 1912? Quite possibly!)

This movie had it's themes backwards: the part about the Titanic itself was incredibly well done, and very suspenseful.  However, the love story was more predictable than the story of the ship.  It was the stock love story, which has been beaten to death over the years.  Leonardo Di Caprio gave an un-convincing performance which destroyed the movie even further.

When I saw "Titanic," I thought it was vaguely entertaining, and the costumes and special effects were beautiful. However, I didn't leave the theatre discussing it with my friends, and I didn't feel or think any differently than three and a half hours earlier. Then I heard it had been nominated for numerous Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and I was outraged.Not surprisingly, this big-budget piece of recycled Hollywood trash won, even against three of its wonderful competitors, "L.A. Confidential," "As Good as it Gets," and "Good Will Hunting." The first has plenty of interesting plot twists and amazing performances, the second gives a fresh and cynically humorous look at romance, and the third helped ME realize some things about myself, at least.  "Titanic" did nothing like that.The screenplay was something that had been done dozens and dozens of times before, and as far back as the Elizabethan era, as the ludicrous, 'Romeo & Juliet'-esque romance will prove. The performances, even by such normally-wonderful actors as Kathy Bates, Billy Zane, and Kate Winslet were either dry, or over-done. I imagine that if one had to 'listen' to this movie  rather than have the dialogue and music (which is pretty at parts, but just a repeat of many of Horner's other scores) accompany the pretty images, it would be completely unbearable.

Why do I love this movie? ...where to begin?? To start out with, I'm a male and couldn't care less for DiCaprio. I went to see the film because I thought the sinking scenes looked cool. I still remember sitting in the theater watching the opening scenes and wondering what the hell I was watching. It wasn't what I expected. I sat watching with slight interest, a beautiful love story but I was always anticipating the iceberg's appearance. By the time the ship did begin sinking the love story had worked it's magic, I cared for Rose and Jack, I cared for the passengers and crew and Somehow I found myself hoping against logic that the ship wouldn't sink. When Jack died and Rose begins "1500 people went into the sea..." I was crying harder than I'd ever cried and I've never cried at a film before or since. It just hit me like a ton of bricks that 1500 people died the same way jack did, and while jack may have never existed, those other 1500 did. Some people bash this film for the love story, but it helps the audience relate on an emotional level and offers an unforgettable experience if you open your heart to it. For the last 15 minutes or so I kept hoping it wouldn't end because I doubted any ending would be satisfactory. I was pleasantly surprised though for I consider the final scene in this film to be one of the most satisfying cinematic endings ever. When the lights came on I looked around and I can honestly say that I wasn't the only person sobbing - not by a long shot. I left the theater (at nearly midnight not the least bit tired) feeling like I had just seen the best film ever made and that I would never again see something like it. Thus far, I stand by that. I tend to find that a lot of people who don't like it, did not see it at the theater and I'm not surprised. It doesn't pack the same punch in a lit room, full of distractions and on a smaller screen. To add to that, these first time watchers are expecting to find out what all the hype was about. Bits and pieces shine through on television but the full experience is in a dark theater. Now-a-days it's cool to bash this movie. As with anything popular, there's always a backlash (look at the macarena if you want proof). This is the most successful film of all time. It is absolutely amazing how far this film reached, transcending all demographics. It was a phenomenon still unequaled and i look forward to watching it age, for it is truly a timeless classic. I doubt any of this changed anybody's opinion at all, but I hope it shed some light on mine.

I fell in love with this movie instantly after viewing it for the first time. Many people ridicule this film for its idealistic and often 'mushy' romance, and for the lovers' passionate relationship after being acquainted for no more than two days. Of course, perhaps 'Titanic' isn't the most believable story of all time, but in my eyes it's certainly one of the most entertaining. I don't watch movies to see reality, I see enough of that every day. If reality is what I had been hoping for when viewing 'Titanic', I would have been sorely disappointed in the love story (despite it's breathtakingly accurate portrayal of the ship's infamous death).No, 'Titanic' is more of a fairytale, one that sweeps you away and holds your attention until it's ending. It is the unforgettable tale of Jack, a poor but kind-hearted street urchin, and Rose, a wealthy but misunderstood young woman. When fate brings them together on the first and last voyage of the Titanic, they must face many trials and tribulations in order to pursue their forbidden love. Keeping them apart is Rose's mother, who insists that her daughter marry a stuck-up rich man, and Cal, Rose's malicious fiancé to whom she is to be wedded by force. While Jack and Rose are willing to face these odds for each other, there are some things which cannot be faced down, one of them being an iceberg, the ultimate destruction of their relationship.Despite its joyous fairytale like aspects, it is still very tragic. A feel-good romance and a tragic epic all in one, like a brilliant cross between 'Romeo and Juliet' and 'Cinderella'. For the first half of the movie I was overwhelmed with a wonderful feeling. For the second half I was near tears. Finally, the movie's amazing conclusion was sending chills down my spine, and I felt as if I couldn't decide if I was happy or sad.Leanardo DiCaprio is mischievous yet sweet-natured as Jack, and masterfully brings across what is, in my opinion, the most memorable and lovable role in the entire film. I found Kate Winslet almost, yet not quite, as impressive as DiCaprio in her role as Rose, who although seeming perfectly content and fortunate outwardly is misunderstood and desperately miserable inside. Jack sees this hidden part of her, recognizing her longing for freedom and helps her to fulfill it. The remaining cast shines as well.Watch this movie. Enjoy it. Forget the real world, and lose yourself in 'Titanic'.

Hmm, I wonder what happened at the end? I must have watched 6/8 of this film before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore. Many actors can perform convincingly in period films, but this cast did not convince me at all that they were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to look like people from the 1910s. The script was inane, leaving the viewer with only special effects for interest. In the very-near future, when high-tech special effects no longer dazzle audiences, this moneymaking venture will be re-evaluated. I'll give it a 2/10 in order to be fair to the special effects staff, who clearly labored the hardest on this film and deserve some credit.

No sense going into great detail about this film, which just about everyone who watches movies saw when it came out. I still don't recall a film getting as much "hype" as this one did. I doubt if the Second Coming would get the kind of publicity this movie received. It was disgusting - the PR, the story and the favorable box office response.Oh, once the ocean-liner hits the icebergs and the disaster starts, it's terrific but that's not until the last 45 minutes of this 194-minute movie. Too bad we had to wade through all the baloney before this climactic scene.The baloney, in a nutshell, was (1) a stupid teen romance between two arrogant, unlikeable people; (2) most the film being a lie, defaming many of the people who were heroes in that disaster, instead choosing to picture them as selfish villains.The latter is all in the name of 'political correctness,' some filmmakers like James Cameron, are filled with, something akin to horse manure.To make it brief: in real life, the men in the First Class did everything they could to get the women and children safely off the boat. Just look it up! Relatives of those people were justifiably extremely upset over Cameron's totally-fabricated story, and I can't blame them.Anyway, even with all the untruths, if they had cut down on the Leonardo DiCaprio-Kate Winslet rebel-type attitude and romance, it would have been a far better film, but then again you wouldn't have the billions of dollars in revenue from the 12-15-year-old girls who flocked by the millions to see this farce. The rest of us would have preferred to see the true story of the famous disaster.

The cinema viewer may well wonder whether there can be any real suspense when it is clear from the beginning of the film that the central character, Rose (Kate Winslet), will survive the disaster that befalls the Titanic. But suspense there is, not least because we don't know whether her lover will make it. There is also action, social (class) comment, drama, historical notes - not least several comments on the cause of the initial impact and why it was so disastrous - and good old fashioned romance.Rarely has a three hour film seemed so short. It canters. The romance at the centre of the plot develops quickly and my attention was held not only by developments in this story but the events that, taken together, spelt disaster for the 'unsinkable' ship, and then the aftermath of the ship's collision with that famous iceberg.Kate Winslet was simply gorgeous and put in a fine performance, as did Leonardo di Caprio as Jack Dawson. The make-up of the older Rose (Gloria Stuart) was one of the less convincing aspects of the movie, but it seems churlish to draw attention to such a detail; in any case, it's to be expected that an 87 year old will need a fair amount of facial recontouring and war-paint to play a woman of 101.

It's bitterly ironic that the biggest blockbuster of all time is not on the IMDb's Top 250. Even stranger still, many who loved it at the time of its release have now turned on it (just ask anyone under the age of 25). This is not due to its quality, but to its hype. It goes without saying that a film this big had immense publicity at the time of its release, but what no one learned until too late is that there is too much of a good thing. People began to tire of hearing about what the stars (especially the new heartthrob Leonardo DiCaprio) were doing, and they were sick of hearing gossip magazines never shutting up about "Titanic." The film had the odds against it: it's a romance, and that is one of the most volatile genres in terms of popularity. By the time the spoofs of the film's most famous scenes came along, "Titanic's" reputation was already in danger. After that, people began only to see the spoofs, and now the film's popularity has sunk to where the real ship is.I had fond memories of the film from when it was popular, so I decided to perform an experiment: even after the immense backlash the film suffered, could it still hold up? The answer is a resounding YES!"Titanic" opens when a treasure hunter, Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) finds a drawing of a woman wearing the diamond that he is looking for. Soon after releasing his findings, an elderly woman (Gloria Stuart) claims that it's her in the picture. So Lovett flies her out to his ship to tell her the story behind the diamondAs a young woman, she was sailing to America to live the life of a boring society lady in a loveless marriage. Planning on ending it all, she is about to jump ship when she is saved by a young man from steerage. Thus begins a classic love story that is doomed from the start by complications other than those they began with.The reason the film is so good is because the two central characters are brilliantly written and acted. Leonardo DiCaprio became an instant heartthrob to girls around the world (something he apparently hated), and it's not hard to see why. DiCaprio has everything to make the male lead of an epic romance work: he's good-looking and talented (Winslet was honored with an Oscar nomination for her performance, although it's hard to understand why DiCaprio was left out, because he equals her). Jack Dawson is an immensely likable guy. He falls hard for Rose, someone who he knows is clearly out of his league. But he's so immensely likable that we want him to win Rose's heart. His new lover, Rose, is no ordinary society girl, much as she tries. She can't stand the rigidly controlled life she's going to lead, and Jack is her escape. But while she may wear a corset, she's no damsel in distress. She's independent and tough. The romance works because Jack and Rose are meant for each other.Their supporting cast is excellent. The two most important supporting characters are Rose's fiancée, Cal Hockley, and her mother, Ruth (Frances Fisher). Cal Hockley is a vicious snob with a constant sneer on his face. He comes from a wealthy family, and will do anything to get what he wants. He demands obedience from Rose, something she will not give (to anyone, much less Cal). Her mother, Ruth, is just as snobbish and cruel, but she's also desperate. Their family was left virtually penniless, and she's trying to save face. As cruel and despicable as they are, neither one becomes a caricature. Zane and Fisher should have dually been honored with awards for their acting. Bates is especially noteworthy as the delightfully brash "new money" Molly Brown."Titanic" was the most expensive film of the 20th century, and it's clear that every penny was put to good use. "Epic" doesn't begin to describe this movie. It's huge in spectacle, and the sinking of the ship, which takes up the last half hour, is jaw-dropping. But that's not the only place where the effects were used. We never get a sense that we're looking at sets or CGI; from every frame of the ship, we believe that we are on the ship with the characters. Interesting note: Cameron actually went down to the wreckage and filmed footage there. But that doesn't stop there. Cameron wrote a script that allows us to view every part of the ship (and in a way that's plausible.James Cameron has long been considered a god of action movies, but this is the first time his skills were honored. Not only is Cameron a wizard with special effects, he is also a master storyteller. "Titanic" is a long film (as all epics are), but not one of the 3+ hours of footage is wasted. The film moves, and there is never a dull spot. He knows the speed at which a person gets involved in the story, and uses this to his advantage. But the biggest accomplishment is that he makes the romance, one of the most difficult genres to dabble in, work with immense effectiveness. The romance burns up the screen, so much that we're more concerned with Jack and Rose's fates than we are taking in the sight of the sinking ship. And the scene where Jack draws Rose's picture is potently erotic (especially for a PG-13 movie, which shows not real nudity or sex, but it is strongly implied).I realize that I am not writing this to people who haven't seen the movie (are there such people?). I am writing it to those who are now convinced that this is a sappy and painfully bad film. I assure you: it's as good as it was the first time you saw it.

Rating: * * 1/2
James Cameron is one of the best film directors out there.  He made "The Terminator" in 1984, which is not only Arnold Schwarzenegger's best film, but quite simply the greatest action film ever made.  "Aliens" and "The Abyss" were excellent sci-fi films and literally invented new technology.  "Terminator 2" was a great sequel, and "True Lies" was a ton of fun.  He also made T2-3D, a cool theme park attraction.Then he made "Titanic."  "T2" was the most expensive film of its time at a hundred million dollars.  Titanic more than doubled that.  It went far over budget, in fact.  And it was well spent.  The special effects are absolutely incredible.Cameron's script, however, leaves something to be desired.  It concerns unsatisfied 1st class 16-year-old Rose (Kate Capshaw) and her romance with 3rd class con guy Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio).  His profession: wander around Paris, France drawing girls naked.  Here is problem #1.
(WARNING: minor but predictable spoiler)  In 1912, a 1st class teenaged girl sleeps with a 3rd class teen 24 hours after they meet.  Maybe, *maybe* in the  80s, but in 1912?In fact, that's the main problem.  The film revolves around a romance that is stupid and completely unbelievable.  In other words, the script stinks.The film lasts over three hours.  This is not necessarily a bad thing. All of Sergio Leone's classics last about that long.  But in Titanic, the hours are divided up in different qualities.  The first hour is fine and somewhat spectacular but not great.  The second is really stupid and ruins the film.  The last hour is superb in nearly every way.  As I have already mentioned, the special effects are awesome, and Cameron's directing abilities are at their very best.The cast is fine but not great.  I've never been much of a fan of DiCaprio, but he's okay here.  Capshaw is really good, but is outdone by Billy Zane as her slimy fiancee.This won eleven Academy Awards, which has only been done once before, for 1959's "Ben Hur."  Ben Hur was a true classic, and deserved it.Titanic won Best Picture, which should have gone to LA Confidential. Best Director was more or less deserved for helming something on this scale. The special effects, sets, cinematography, costumes, etc. definitely deserved it.  James Horner's score was good, but it did not deserve and Oscar as much as some of his others, like Glory and Star Trek II.  And surely this wasn't the best film song of the year.As I said in the one-line-summary, it is Cameron's worst so far... but that's not really that bad.  Steven Spielburg has made worse than this.It might not be a bad idea to see this film just for the spectacle. I just can't think of any other reason.

Watching 'Titanic' was like having 2 people wrestle with a remote channel changer. Just when the movie becomes (historically) interesting, the other person grabs the remote and switches it to a pedestrian daytime soap opera. Did Kate have to be on hand at every step that led to the sinking? (her and Leo are on the side of the deck where the ice hits, of course, JUST missing them; OH! let's put her next to the Captain when he learns Titanic's fate and lack of life boats). The tragedy was story enough and James Cameron did a brilliant business decision to shove a pre-teen love opera to the foreground so girls could flock to the theater over and over to see Leo alive again and again and again...! Give the channel changer back so we can please continue with the story of the ship. Yes, I heard some crying when Leo sank into the abyss...But no sniveling when the little boy (who Leo tries to rescue before the boy is grabbed away from his panicky father) is swept away by the flooded corridor. So much for crying priorities!!I'm a big Cameron fan! Titanic has left him permanently wealthy. And he's tapped into a genre the same way Lucas tapped with Star Wars in attracting a select category of people that were willing to see this over and over (Titanic's billion dollar revenue was the result of many repeat viewings worldwide combining history with poster boy imagery).Special effects were brilliant! But I'll take the 1958 black and white "A Night To Remember" movie instead.Today's lesson: If you're going to use an ax to free someone shackled with chains, don't aim, close your eyes tight, THEN swing hard so you won't see the spraying blood. This is life and death...better leave it to luck!7 out of 10

Trying to get beyond all the hype-- the ludicrous praise and the vehement reaction against-- I tried to rate this movie objectively, and and in doing so I gave it a three out of ten. It is not the worst movie ever made, and it's certainly not the best. Some nice special effects. Hackneyed two-dimensional characters and dialogue written for early teens, but not particularly offensive. Can be watched from start to finish once with only a dozen or so moments of cringing.However, what did sink right along with that ship was the prestige of the Oscar Award itself. Now the Oscars have given out silly "Best Pictures" in the past, and there has always been a creeping element of the Grammies' "popularity contest" about them that kept them from ever getting too "high brow"; but with the choosing of "Titanic" as the Best Picture for 1997, I honestly believe that the Academy did serious damage to its reputation for many years to come. Previously, serious film lovers knew that while the Oscars certainly weren't a foolproof measure of quality; in retrospect, they have produced a list of the greatest films that, on the whole, stands the test of time just as well as any list created by the Cannes, Venice, Berlin or Toronto film festivals. But this year (1997) changed everything. Not only did they overlook one of the best films of the decade ("L.A. Confidential"), but they made an obvious bow to box office as a ratings ploy and lowest-common-denominator crowd pleaser. With time, the decision to crown an overgrown adolescent throwaway flick the best movie of the year will haunt them mercilessly-- if it doesn't already.

Let's sink this ship right now.  It's over, baby, there's nothing left! This is a BAD movie.  I'm not saying there's any harm in enjoying a bad movie, but some of you people have taken it too far.  Epic?  Greatest movie of all time?  Deserving of 11 Oscars?  I SPIT on the ground all of you people who have seen it five, six, seven times walk on.  Bad script + ridiculous acting + egotistical chucklehead director = PIECE OF FILTH MOVIE. I love watching piece of filth movies as much as the next guy, but all of you people with your Leo posters and your Titanic t-shirts and your Greatest Movie of All Time attitudes have driven me and others with even half a bit of common sense to HATE and LOATHE this "movie."  I no longer hold this little travesty in any higher regard than I hold "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers," no offense to the "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers" people.

Why does this movie suck so bad?  More importantly, why did it win an oscar for among other things, best picture?  There are so many holes in the film's plot, the villian is similar to one in a Rocky and Bullwinkle cartoon (I was wondering why they didn't give him a mustache which he could rub between his fingers), the long sweeping shots of the ship look horrible, the script is lame and filled with cliched action movie lines and all of the scenes taking place in the present day are worthless and have no place.First, if Rose is telling this story from her perspective how is it that she knows what her fiance is always planning?  How does she know what the crew of the ship is talking about before and after the iceberg hit?  How is it that she knows how exactly Jack got on the ship or what he talked about with his friends onboard?  You get the idea?  Now many movies have this problem, but not a best picture winner. Second, the villian who's name escapes me.  He was so cliched.  So evil it was funny.  He's like Travolta in his new horrible film.Third, the fly over shots of the ship look like garbage.  They are so obviously fake, all the people appear as black, lifeless silohoettes walking the ship. Fourth, the script.  How did these horrible lines that Jack utters get in there?  When danger is afoot, no matter how great all he can utter is his best Keanu Reeves impersonation. Fifth, what is the purpose of showing us the salvage crew?  Who gives what these idiots are thinking or doing.  It further complicates things. Why would these people believe an elder Rose just because she says she is the one in the picture.  Anyone could call up and say that.  If they cut these parts of you have a much shorter film.I HATE THIS MOVIE.L.A. CONFIDENTIAL WILL ALWAYS BE 1997 TRUE BEST PICTURE

Not often you see a film where the leading man is prettier than the leading woman. The best performance in it is from Gloria Stuart as the old woman. David Warner does a very good impression of Leo G. Carroll. Kathy Bates is impressive and so is the ship. I found Dame Kate and Leonardo thoroughly uninteresting.

First of all, I must say that I didn't have much expectations to this movie in the first place, but as a dedicated movielover I've promised myself to see as many movies of any kind that I possibly can. The plot in the film is no news to anyone, and DiCaprio's arrogant and childish acting is an enormous disappointment after seeing him in films like Whats eating Gilbert Grape?. Kate Winslet is excused, cause she's probably what they could afford after budgeting the stunning effects and DiCaprio. As for the effects, they're of course outstanding, and the sinking sequence is probably some of the most impressing I've ever seen.To sum it all up; first half hour good, the middle is THE most boring ever, and the end is great, technically. If they've made this a documentary instead, and dropped the lovestory, it'd been a movie worth while, but as it turned out; I'm sorry, but the thumbs should be anywhere but up.

It is always the way in Hollywood these days, Why let history get in the way of a blockbuster movie. Titanic has plenty of good points about it, but any student of the disaster could not help but be disappointed. Especially with the glaring inaccuracies and cliches this movie had to offer.The American's brash and almost looking like they knew the damn ship would sink.The British, stiff and emotionless in first class who would given the chance be quite happy to shoot the Irish peasants on the lower decks if the were allowed.The British lower classes were a bunch of thugs.The Poor Irish as a load of Guinness swigging biddly biddly dancing bumpkins, clearly the victims in the disaster.The point I am try to make is that the tragedy of 1912 was a multilayered affair, with moments of great sadness and bravery throught the two plus hours of the ships sinking. I feel that James Cameron had sacrificed this for the love story of Rose and Jack which is a shame.I did enjoy Titanic but I thought it was a missed opportunity to show what happened. For my money a far more moving film about the sinking of the Titanic was "A Night To Remember" with Kenneth More and Honor Blackman amongst others.The Titanic story is a deeply emotion subject I would truly recommend A Night To Remember if you want to watch a film about the sinking of the Titanic and watch Titanic if you want to watch a Love Story.

This movie began the sad trend of turning tragedies into love stories. After Titanic came Pearl Harbor. It really is getting sad. The only good part of this movie is the sinking of the ship. The CG in that part is really good, but really, was this that great of a movie? No. To prove this, one must only look at its theme song. Tired already? After hearing "You'll be in my heart" for the 1,496th time (yes, I really did count. I was really bored one month), i got really tired of it, to say the least. It is unbearably long, and undeservedly so. Unlike LOTR: ROTK, which was a truly epic movie, this movie just seemed to drag on. And what was with the dropping of the necklace into the ocean? Yes, it was symbolic, but really, that thing was worth millions!Anyways, if you are considering watching this movie, just forget it and go rent something meaningful, like the Godfather, or any of the LOTR movies, some truly GREAT movies. Or if you are looking for a laugh, get Thumbtanic. That was pretty funny, and it will basically give you a shorter, more intelligent overview of the Titanic than this movie did.

The movie is a total perfection.When it appeared back in 1997 and i watched for the first time it leaved an influence on me what no other movie had. Maybe The Lord Of The Rings ,maybe not :), that movie is another greatness of the film-making.Coming back too Titanic with the record $1,835,300,000 Worldwide Box Office that is still no.1 after 11 years is amazingly great.I cannot understand the users of IMDb because this movie is not in the top 250 movies . That is shame ,this movie it is at least in the top 5 greatest movies ever not too mention in the top 250 .A movie at least 8-9 out of 10 ,IMDB USERS!!! Wake Up and see the movie again because you seen something else. I cannot find another top with movies somewhere else where Titanic is not included.The movies prior theme beside the ship's history is the greatest human feeling :love what is universal and timeless.The picture presents us the meaning of true love. Our main characters Jack the poor artist and Rose the rich girl from the first class made us all cry even if we willing too recognize or not.Inn all lines the movie makes us think if we can go further after loosing the the most precious person in our life.We'll we can go on because life must goo on but it will remain in our hearts forever. With no doubt this is the best movie directed by James Cameron, among his other great achievements. James Horner's soundtrack is simply beautiful and completely matches with the movie ,there is no surprise that his soundtrack album has been sold with 30 million copy'sThe movie is the greatest achievement in cinema ,it is the top of the pyramid...

This film was the worst collection of cliches I have seen in years, something like a 30's costume epic with souped-up special effects. Except, of course MGM cranked'em out better in the '30's. The true story of the Titanic has more than enough material to make a few films. I could have done without the Harlequin pulp novel plot. For a good Titanic film, see "A Night to Remember" (UK, 1958)As for DiCaprio and Titanic '97 - Turn blue and sink already.

Checking out the other comments, one caught my eye... somebody had the gall to make a comparison between this film and Akira Kurosawa's masterpiece, "The Seven Samurai". To compare this film with "The Seven Samurai" is utterly rediculous and an insult to great films. With that said, I'll continue...Let me start off with the absolute horrid screenplay that is filled with cliches. While watching this film, you can pretty much tell what is going to happen next... it's the "Rich girl forced to marry a rich guy, but she finds a poor boy that she eventually falls in love with" story you've seen hundereds of times before.... add a big boat, a historical disaster, and bingo, you have yourself a movie. The dialogue is almost laughably bad ("Oh Jack.... Jack!"). And the characters are almost as cliche-ridden as the story they're in. As you watch the film, you feel almost as if you're forced to like the characters.A disaster as huge as the sinking of the Titanic doesn't deserve a film like this. It is an insult to the hundreds that died in that distaster to be represented in a stereotypical film such as this. And it's winning of the best picture oscar is absolute proof that the Oscars are nothing more than a huge popularity contest anymore. To even place this in the same category with films like "On the Waterfront", "Ben-Hur", "The African Queen", "Rebecca", "The Godfather", etc. is such a shame, and just shows you what direction the film industry is headed.About the only good thing I could say about this film is that it is an enormous technical achievement. The recreation of the ship itself is amazing, but that alone cannot carry a film with a recycled, cliche-ridden plot such as this.

In honor of the 100 year anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, the movie Titanic was re-released in theaters, digitally remastered and in 3-D. Having seen the movie in theaters in 1998 when it came out, and loving it ever since, I was happy to go see it again in 2012. We owned the VHS when I was growing up so I've probably seen Titanic at least a dozen times. There's nothing quite like seeing it in theaters though. It's a film of epic proportions in both budget and content, and I think seeing it on the big screen does it incredible justice. I thoroughly enjoyed seeing it there for the second time.I think many people criticize Titanic for the "cheesy love story". Jack and Rose are the early 1900's version of Romeo and Juliet, complete with a history that spans a mere few days, clashing backgrounds and of course Jack's death at the end of the movie. They even have some corny dialogue here and there (ex: "I'll never let go Jack. I'll never let go."). In spite of that however, I thoroughly enjoy their story. I feel that, unlike Romeo and Juliet, Jack and Rose's attraction to each other is genuine. She loves him because he pulls her out of her shell and shows her that there is more to life than money and social status. He loves her because she takes a chance on him despite societal expectations and loves him for who he truly is. I think it's great. Call me a romantic but I'm a sucker for their story. On a side note, it's so surreal to see Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet so young. They've certainly evolved as actors since Titanic.What James Cameron and his crew were able to do with special effects, construction and design in Titanic just floors me. Titanic is just so horrifyingly authentic. Every scream, every person crushed from a torrent of water, every piece of the ship ripped apart just looked so real to me. I think that's why I like it so much. I don't get my kicks from seeing people suffer, but there was something strangely beautiful in how that movie was shot and how the action of the ship sinking unfolds. I really felt like I was there with all those people. I really appreciated just how many different scenes there were. They made it a point to address many different parts of the ship, many different people and many different horrific ends. So sad. So beautiful. I hope that makes some sense.So now you know, I'm a sucker for Titanic. Guilty as charged.

This film is about a love triangle that happens on the Titanic. The Titanic, the ship of dreams, is also known as "The Unsinkable". Rose leaves her rich fiancé Caledon Hockley for this poor artist, Jack. However, the Titanic collides with an Iceberg and sinks on April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Surprisingly, Jack dies and Rose survives. Eighty-four years later, Rose tells the story about her life on Titanic to her grand daughter and friends and explains the first sight of Jack-how she fell in love and how they fought for survival.The theme of the movie is that love is worth more than material things. Cameron uses real actors that some people believe is based on a true story. Written in 1912, the dialogue is appropriate for the time period. Located in the Atlantic Ocean, this movie was actually based on some real occurrences. The film's soundtrack made the movie more enjoyable, especially the song by Celine Dion "My Heart Will Go On".

Titanic is a fairly good movie, but I personally think the historical part of the movie seemed to be more touching and overall better then the love story between Jack and Rose. Their relationship seemed to have all of the aspects that every Hollywood romantic-fantasy has: the two young lovers are breaking the social code to be seeing each other, they're both young enough to pass as teenagers..(which, in this film, I think they are) , there is a steamy scene, and it has a touch of tragedy. Well, it's all very predictable but James Cameron did a wonderful job with the story of the ship Titanic. I found that part more touching and realistic than the love story. You really can see the passenger's terror and panic during the sinking sequence. Its all very saddening to watch because, as you watch it, you know that it actually happened many years ago. The amount of detail put into it was incredible, from the "woman and children first, first class first" to the musicians staying aboard to play, the fireworks... all very nice to watch.

Quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made, this film ignores the heart-rending stories of the 2000+ real people who were one the Titanic to present to us a redundant romeo/juliet storyline. Kate Winslet plays a spoiled "free-spirit" who is being forced by her mother to marry the wealthy Billy Zane. On board the Titanic, she meets Jack (Leonardo di Caprio), who teaches her to be "free", or in other words, be trashy and self-centered. The movie is filled with bad acting and even worse writing. The only redeeming features are the special effects which are stunning and the beautiful soundtrack.

I cannot for the love of God, believe how extremely OVERRATED James  Cameron's pile of garbage known as Titanic is! This film, which should  have been about the actual sinking of the great luxary ship Titanic,  instead relies on a 90210 idiotic love story to "carry" the picture  through. IF the two main characters had been interesting, it might have  been a better picture, but, alas, the two leads, Jack Dawson, and Rose  Bukater are about as interesting as watching paint dry. Rose isn't  suffering from oppression, she's suffering from SPOILED BRAT syndrome!  Jack comes along like a teenage pretty boy rather than a compelling  character that the audience relates to.  The film does have a few assets such as costume design, and some of the  special effects are pretty good. However, it's the whole script and  it's 90210 meets the Titanic setting that makes this the most OVERRATED  film in the history of motion pictures! This film grossed $600 million  in the United States?!?! James Cameron must have put mind altering  drugs into the prints of the film to hypnotize movie audiences and  academy members who gave this stinker Best Picture of 1997 over the  great L.A. Confidential.  One on a scale of 1-10. Great costumes and special effects cannot make  up for a ridiculous screenplay and dull leads. Want a great motion  picture try L.A. Confidential, or Citizen Kane instead!

I was so excited at the prospect of seeing Titanic. I anxiously waited for the film to begin. By the end, I knew that I never wanted to see it again. What a disappointment.I suppose the special effects and set design were great. Perhaps some of the scenes were enjoyable. But the acting was only so so. The story was lame, the romance banal. The Billy Zane character was a true joke. Plus, so much of the movie lacked credibility. Wouldn't the character played by Kate surely have drowned before being able to be rescued? An overlong study in mediocrity at best. James Cameron gave us a dud.I admit some of my disdain is in response to the great marketing rush. I feel as though the movie was being jammed down my throat. Nevertheless I stand by my criticisms and have found many people who agree with me. Skip this and watch A Night to Remember.

This Movie is everything that a movie should not be.  Who cares about money, the feeling is not there like it is in Citizen Kane, or Godfather, or Casablanca.  It is just stupid.  Please, do not see this movie, which brings down the standards of movies everywhere.

Titanic is my all-time favorite film. This film breathed life back into the Hollywood epic. Sadly, many people don't see it as an epic. They see it as a romantic chick flick that only focuses on the love story. But contrary to popular belief, the film focuses just as much on the ship as it does on the love story. It blends fact and fiction so well in a way that you rarely ever see on film. Movies like this are very easy to make, but there's very hard to make well and almost impossible to make great. It is also probably the most emotional moving film I've ever seen. It's the only movie that made me genuinely cry. It also has one of the important life morals: only life is priceless and making each day count. Although, I do have to admit that the dialogue is predictable and at times stilted. But that doesn't stop it from being a masterpiece. Because there is nothing in the film that I would improve, I'm giving it a 10/10 RATING.

The movie in question revolves around the infamous shipwreck of 1912 where more than 1500 people lost their lives when the commuting leviathan sunk on its maiden voyage to the States. The movie made it big globally, had a great box office run and also managed to win a record of Academy Awards. The question, however, is – was this movie really that good? In my opinion, Titanic, while not intrinsically bad, is an overrated cinematic venture. For a disaster movie it was too foppish and the treatment of a potentially rich subject matter, not exemplary . There was a visible disconnect between the storyline and the intended tone of the movie. Mr. Cameron, the director of the movie, is known for his sci-fi ventures, while the present movie required a far more realistic and even subdued treatment. Strangely, the movie devoted more screen time to the on screen romance of the two lead characters than it actually did to the eponymous vessel, which diverted attention from the focal event- the shipwreck. The director could have downplayed the romantic angle and instead given the audience a few moments of pensive repose to digest the enormity of the tragedy being depicted. Cinematizing real life tragedy is never easy, and requires a careful treatment of subject matter. Though undoubtedly a visual stunner, replete with amazing special effects, something the director excels in, the movie somehow could not achieve the same penetration when it came to dramatization. Titanic suffered from sufficient thematic and directorial inadequacies to warrant only moderate adulation and not the inordinate ovation it surprisingly received.

It's interesting to see the extreme opinions (pro or con) expressed here about Titanic, ranging from those who feel it's the greatest story ever told to those who feel it's the worst travesty ever produced in Hollywood. I don't agree with either – I feel that Titanic is a somewhat run-of-the-mill movie that wasn't worthy of the vast amount of hype it generated, but can still provide an evenings entertainment (albeit with some employment of the fast forward button). I can supplement my review with contemporary impressions from first seeing the movie in 1998, taken from an email cum movie review written to a friend of mine in a distant corner of the world who hadn't seen the movie yet. (Extracts from this email are in quotes).First, the good stuff. I loved the efforts that Cameron made (either through sets, or through CGI) to reproduce the look of the RMS Titanic, as well as re-enacting the sinking:"Verdict on Titanic: The staging of the ships interiors and exteriors are stunningly realistic -- damn near perfect is more like it. Obviously, a great deal of effort was made to get things down pat." It was also very interesting to see the underwater film that Cameron really shot on the wreck of the Titanic – much better than the film shot for the Imax documentary Titanica. This underwater film, the interiors, and the digital depictions of the Titanic underway are enough to make the film worth watching all by itself.Regrettably, with the good comes the bad. I've always felt that the biggest strike against the movie is the cliché love story between the two star-crossed lovers:"Unfortunately, a good chunk of the film is the so-called 'love story'. This portion of the story, starring this year's pretty boy, is Hollywood cliché from start to finish. 'Poor little rich girl' meets poor but honest travelers/artist aboard the Titanic. She's travelling in 1st class with her beastly fiancée and assorted evil, stuck up, snobbish, rich capitalist/oligarch pigs. He's travelling 3rd class with the salt of the earth immigrants. Think for a few minutes and write up a list of 10 Hollywood clichés that come to mind. I guarantee that 75% of them are in the film.The real story of the Titanic and its passengers is story enough, in my opinion -- the love story wasn't needed. I assume that it was added to add some uncertainty to the story. Hollywood should have learned from Apollo 13 that just because the audience knows the end of the story doesn't mean you can't make a good movie of it. In any case, the 'love story' adheres so much to cliché that it can be mapped out with uncanny accuracy after ~ five minutes anyway."The only thing I would retract from my 1998 email is the comment about DiCaprio being "this year's pretty boy" – I've subsequently seen some of his other work, and I think that he can be a decent actor. I actually own Titanic on DVD (purchased cheap), and I watch it occasionally. But I do so with ample use of the fast forward button. I've sometimes wondered what someone could do with a "Phantom Edit" of Titanic – could they edit Jack and Rose out of the film almost entirely, and just leave a decent semi-documentary account of the sinking?

Let's get one thing straight before we embark on this perilous journey into Hollywood History: the only "truth" in this movie is that the RMS Titanic did sink in April 1912 and that Leonardo DiCaprio is prettier than Kate Winslet. Everything else in James Cameron's *Titanic* is marshmallow fancy.Movie opens in the modern Atlantic, with a Titanic salvage crew helmed by amiable Brock Lovett (sun-weathered Bill Paxton), who haul surfaceward some intriguing artifacts. 84-year-old Rose (Gloria Stuart) claims she was a Titanic passenger, so is brought aboard Lovett's vessel to provide information.In a cheeky foreshadowing of the breath-hammering visuals to come, Lovett's crewmate outlines Titanic's death throes, aided by computer graphics (probably the selfsame graphics that the actual movie used as storyboard for its final visuals), before Lovett asks Rose for a firsthand account of the RMS Titanic and she, in a rheumy Percodan haze, starts relating a chick flick with Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.And under the chick flick, the film's main premise - a story of White Pride, sautéed in eleven million gallons of seawater.Rose's narration is the anomaly that eats at this film's verisimilitude: though we humor her spinning her tale of irrelevant romantic rhetoric, when it comes to events outside her sphere of experience (such as private meetings between the captain and crew), she relates them as if omniscient (if we are to regard all the film's action aboard Titanic as her testimony). Even the iceberg impact is comprehensively covered from all angles (from the lookouts, to the bridge, to the engine room, captain and crowd) by Rose's "flashback." Not bad for someone who was backseat bonking her body-shaved boy-man at the time.Rose laments that she "doesn't even have a picture of Jack," her steerage-class lover (Leonardo DiCaprio). Maybe that's why she remembers him as so staggeringly beautiful.It's a pity that writer-director Cameron leaned so heavily on the vapid love story as this movie's propeller, as the rest of the film is a chest-clenching stunner.The grandeur of the Royal Mail Ship Titanic is beautifully captured in its restored filmic incarnation. Costuming, characters and exterior shots are paid the utmost detail  although it must be said that, historically at least, DiCaprio's character (Jack) was probably treading a time period more acquainted with the use of recreational drugs with his yells of "Woooo!" from the ship's prow. His friend, Fabrizio (Danny Nucci), didn't help with the authenticity; supplied by a casting agency specializing in Ethnic Stereotypes, Nucci is about as Italian as a Domino's Pizza, sporting the absolute worst "Movie Italian" accent of all time  the exact same accent my friends and I would adopt in the schoolyard when we were "pretending to be Italian." Winning their tickets in a card game, Jack and Fabrizio are overjoyed even in their steerage quarters Whilst above the water line, onto the first class decks desultorily rambles Rose (Kate Winslet) with her demanding mother (Frances Fisher), stormy fiancé (Billy Zane) and luggage enough to kill three pack-elephants. Elbow-gloved and triple-corseted, she remarks via voice-over, "To me it was a slave ship, taking me back to America in chains." Try telling that to an African-American, honey, in your big feathery hat and frothy bloomers.Meeting Jack during a spoiled brat suicide attempt, Rose is drawn to his vagabond swagger and hairless torso, falling for idiot lines like, "You've got a fire inside you and I'd hate to see it go out." (George Lucas wrote that one.) The film world does not communicate "smell." The super-privileged have a way of "deodorizing" themselves that is wholly alien to the super-poor. Hence, no matter how much prettier Jack is than Rose, as soon as she stood downwind of his below-decks stench, the romance would have come to an earthy halt (retching optional).Instead, Jack is invited to sup with the pinky-raisers, where he blathers about his itinerant lifestyle as if it was a blessing; living the devil-may-care bum's life of cobbling his sustenance from whatever rat-brained scheme comes along, and literally not knowing "where he'll be sleeping the next night" may be a romantic notion if you are a successful writer or an independently wealthy traveler  but not if you are, in fact, a REAL BUM.An ocean liner has to sink before Rose lets go of this vagrant (whilst staying in Spoiled Byoch character by selfishly hogging the one floating plank in all of the Atlantic).A well-made, mind-numbing romance this cheesy usually scores low  but Cameron gained his points purely due to his magnificent boat-tipping.The climax of *Titanic* is a startling visualization of an historic event which no one alive on earth today saw first hand. Drawing from the latest forensic knowledge, combined with the physics of the process, Cameron places us directly on deck during his nightmare vision. We see the situation mount, from berg impact and apathy, to incredulity and ultimately panic, capturing the violent and colossal majesty of the ship breaking in half and pulling its aft section downwards vertically.The death throes of the RMS Titanic are astounding in their realism; we cannot help but compare the final scenes of *A Night To Remember*, with its wholly inaccurate, romantic portrayal of the doomed passengers aboard that black-and-white Titanic singing nobly together as their ship slipped away under them at a 45 degree angle. Not only is collective humanity never that level-headed, the physics of the sinking process was entirely ignored.With humanity onboard Cameron's boat ignobly screaming and selfishly grasping and punching and shooting and falling violently onto propeller blades, with smokestacks crushing passengers, decks splintering, cables whiplashing through foaming brine, and the final cataclysmic submersion at a vertiginous ninety-degree angle, Cameron's *Titanic* is  titanic!If even for a brief, awe-inspiring moment in time, it's good to be the King of the World.(Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)

Titanic rocks, combining elements of dark brooding drama with all the T&A of a typical late night cinemax show.  With the president held hostage and locked in a frigidaire 200 feet under the ocean, Scotland Yard calls in the help of their #1 hit man to save the world.  He is TITANIC, a cyborg soldier genetically altered so that his face looks kinda like a bull when he gets miffed.  When the enemy organization known as D.U.M.B. (Democratic Underground Mob Brigade) finds out, they threaten to destroy the world with the help of their evil underlings, GWAR.  With the plot laid out, the action explodes as our hero fights his way across the world to save the helpless president (played by Lloyd Bridges) and maybe kill a few bad guys on the way.  Check this film out.  (Also starring Jake Lloyd, Jake Roberts, James Snuka, H.H.Hogan, Tori Spelling, Tom Selleck, Burgess Meredith (as SATAN), and Pee Wee Herman (as GOD).

I had few problems with this film, and I have heard a lot of criticisms saying it is overlong and overrated. True, it is over three hours long, but I was amazed that it goes by so quickly. I don't think it is overrated at all, I think the IMDb rating is perfectly decent. The film looks sumptuous, with gorgeous costumes and excellent effects, and the direction from James Cameron rarely slips from focus. Leonardo DiCaprio gives one of his best performances as Jack, and Kate Winslet is lovely as Rose. David Warner, a great actor, steals every scene he's in. The story is very rich in detail, and is hot on character development, obvious with the love story which is very moving when it needs to be, though in the first bit of the movie it is a little slow. The last hour is extremely riveting, and I will confess that I was on the edge of my seat, when the Titanic sank. I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving. The music score by James Horner was lovely, though I never was a huge fan of the song My Heart will Go On. The 1996 miniseries was good, but suffered from undeveloped scenarios and some historical inaccuracies. Overall, I give Titanic an 8.5/10. Bethany Cox.

(THIS *&%$#! COMMENT MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS.)(Or it may not.At least it may spoil your appetite for this film.)I have to give James Cameron credit for a sort of devious ingenuity: He created a movie so repulsively bad that a reasonably sophisticated viewer would find it unbearable to sit through. Hence, so many glowing reviews.I watched it, once. But it keeps popping up on TV. And even for free it is not worth watching. Five minutes these days is my absolute limit. Each time I stumble across it, this movie just seems to get worse and worse. The acting is so bad I'm surprised Cameron didn't just make this into a sort of Disney cartoon. Disney's Buena Vista does this sort of simplistic bubble gum movie better, such as White Fang; Ethan Hawke as Jack Conroy was more credible than DiCaprio as Dawson. And the aerial computer graphics look way too much like cartoon animation.As to historical accuracy, give me a break!!! I can't say this is any worse than the other nonsense to come out of Hollywood, though. Frankly, anyone who takes any so-called non-fiction or historical movies as more than 1 percent accurate is a fool.Hey, I am willing to suspend a certain amount of disbelief for a good movie, but this one demands way too much. They pull a drawing that has been sitting on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean for 80 years that is in excellent condition and hold it up as proof of why it was worth hundreds of millions of dollars to find the Titanic. And what is this precious work of art? A Rembrandt? A DaVinci? A Van Gogh, at least? No, it is an amateurish pornographic sketch. Excuse me? Maybe some 21st century girl would pose naked at the drop of a hat, but a proper girl in the 1910s?Hey, if you believe this nonsense, then the rest of the movie will seem comparatively plausible, and I can see how you might find this movie "historically accurate." I don't mind if you enjoyed this movie; that's what movies are for. Tastes vary. Some people prefer emotional manipulation that is more subtle. I would hope you Titanic fans would explore cinema a little more, and not insist that this is the greatest movie ever made, perfect, etc. What's with all these superlatives? Does Cameron have a claque?Look, before you say Titanic is the best movie EVER, (which implies you have seen every movie every made) at least go see Gone With the Wind. I dare you. Then see if you can even mention Titanic in the same breath.And I think potential viewers should be forewarned that not everybody is going to like this movie. That's what reviews are for. Spoiler ahead: OK, the ship was named "Titanic" and it sank. That much they got right. Well, sort of: it was the RMS Titanic, not the SS Titanic.If you want to learn the true story, try going to the BBC page "Titanic: Sinking the Myths," by Paul Louden-Brown.

Sure, Titanic was a good movie, the first time you see it, but you really should see it a second time and your opinion of the film will definetly change. The first time you see the movie you see the underlying love-story and think: ooh, how romantic. The second time (and I am not the only one to think this) it is just annoying and you just sit there watching the movie thinking, When is this d**n ship going to sink??? And even this is not as impressive when you see it several times. The acting in this film is not bad, but definetly not great either. Was I glad DiCaprio did not win an oscar for that film, I mean who does he think he is, Anthony Hopkins or Denzel Washington? He does 1 half-good movie and won't do a film for less than $20 million. And then everyone is suprised that there are hardly any films with him in it. But enough about, in my eyes, the worst character of the film. Kate Winslet's performance on the other hand was wonderful. I also tink that the director is very talented to put a film of such a magnitude together. There is one lesson to be learned about this movie: there are too many love-stories as it is, filmmakers shouldn't try to add a crummy romance in to every single movie!!! Out of a possible 100% I give this film a mere 71%.

Perhaps this was a good movie, as so many seem to think. I would tend to disagree. James Cameron, for whatever good qualities he may have, is not an Oscar-caliber director. The script was shoddy (Proper girl runs away from her betrothed and gets dirty with a street urchin. Street urchin is properly glorified and the betrothed vilified), and the acting was subpar (the only character I actually liked was the ship's designer). That leaves this movie with what every other James Cameron flick has: special effects. Unfortunately, they're not great enough to redeem the three hours plus this movie takes to endure.  I was looking at my watch more than the screen when I first saw it, and I'd point anyone who wants to see this movie to films that deserved an Oscar but didn't receive one due to the Academy's buying the hype.

no way this novie can NOT be in the Top 100 much less the Top 250, and with over 10% casting a 1 (ONE) for this novie i smell a fat rat that smells real bad, who the hell stacked this deck? Or just the normal "follow the leader" mentality? this is like watching high school kids decide whos cool and who isn't and once one dummy says it not cool then everyone else is afraid to go against them. well best movie ever it may not be but off the top 250 list is a joke, and if you doubt it find one other 7.0 ranked movie with 10.2% casting a ONE vote, you can look all day it doesn't exist, IMDb should so some checking and find out who pulled this BS off,then ban them ALL for life.

This may contain spoilers...... OK just a little bit of background to this review. Firstly, yes I was one of that 0.01% who did not see this movie at the cinemas when it came out. Secondly, when I did see it for the first time on TV last year, I missed the first 45 minutes. However, I saw enough of this movie to see how ridiculously over-rated it was. Firstly, the positives, and there weren't a whole lot. Number one: yes, the special effects were as good as they were supposed to be. The design of the Titanic was amazing. Also the bit at the end where the ship sinks was incredible. Number two: Kate Winslet has a nice body, and you do get to see a lot more of it than I thought you would...... although one could be a bit cynical about that scene, that they only put it in to get more people to watch it. That's about it for the positives. Now for the negatives: Leonardo Di Caprio can't really act. OK, I thought he did well in Romeo and Juliet (which is one of my favorite movies) but his acting and dialog are just really wooden in Titanic. The characters as a whole are just one-dimensional. One of the most laughable points was though how many life-or-death situations there are for Leo and Kate in the last hour (yes, the movie takes forever to finish). First Leonardo gets locked down below deck as the water level slowly rises (ooh will he survive????) and of course gets rescued by Kate Winslet after about 15 minutes. Then Kate's evil fiancée (yes not much room for development in that character) starts shooting at them so they have to run back 5 levels deep before deciding to go back on top. Here they face a literal "class barrier" (big metaphor there of course) a big iron gate, which, with help from the other battling workers, Leonardo bravely breaks down. Forgive my sarcasm, but it was hard not to roll my eyes throughout this whole sequence. Then after narrowly surviving half a dozen near-death experiences, Leonardo dies in the lamest way possible. Instead of attempting to find another piece of debris to float on in the water, he rather unnecessarily lets winslet have the whole piece of wood to float on, and lets himself freeze to death. But perhaps the worst part of all was the sequences where we go back to the old 101-year old version of Kate Winslet telling the story, with a bunch of young scientists passing social commentary on it. I've always hated this idea, because it gives away the ending of the film. The viewer knows that she will survive, and Leonardo won't. Which sort of takes away from any of the suspense. Anyhow, I would recommend this movie to anyone (not that you haven't seen it already) but go in with a low expectation and you might find it a decent film. Certainly don't watch it, though, expecting to see a film that deserved 11 Oscars, cos you will be disappointed.

That's it; Titanic is (next to House of 1000 Corpses) officially the worst movie ever made.. How is it possible to make a movie about a ship sinking and focus so little on the actual sinking of the ship.. Jesus, the only important thing seems to be the relationship between the extremely gay Leonardo Di Caprio and the chubby Kate Winslet.. I mean; come on! There were other people there as well!!! They actually died and didn't get to tell their so-called "moving story" to others.. A bit of focus on that would be nice!Only women in the age 8-15 years old can seriously enjoy Titanic because of the rubbish acting, the unfathomably bad story and the ridiculously dull ending... However, I haven't actually seen Titanic, because I'd rather be forced to watch a brick wall for a good two hours instead, but these things I've said in this comment I can tell anyway.. And those of you who disagree with me only do because you're in love with Di Caprio... Fact.

Simply put, Titanic is one of the most overrated movies of all time, in terms of how much money it made, how many people seem to like it, and how many awards it won. While the performances from Dicaprio (playing Jack), Winslet (playing Rose) and other supporting roles like the ship Captain are solid, the film on a whole just isn't. To sum up the film in one word would be "boring" or "generic". Titanic does't become the disaster movie until the very end, up until that its an extremely generic "poor-boy-meets-rich-girl" love story, something thats been done a billion times before. The film is also filled with completely two dimensional characters which I guess I supposed to reflect the times, with the segregation between the rich and the poor. Even so, the characters such as the one played by Billy Zane as Rose's rich husband to be, are just lazily written with no character other than "I'm-rich-and-I-hate-the-poor-toff-toff". The film overall is just a bore, and gets only mildly interesting when the boat actually starts sinking. Absolutely nothing special about this film whatsoever. One of the most overrated movies of all time.

First; let me say that the recreation of the RMS Titanic as a computer- generated entity is extremely well realised. If ever we needed proof that CGI can add an extra dimension to established technique and 'effects' when it's done with meticulous precision - here it is.But what about story? The Titanic contained over 1,500 human stories. Most of them were to end in terror on that fatal, freezing night.However, Mr Cameron decided that non of these were worth spit. They would serve simply as a desperate backdrop for two imaginary characters who might just as easily have been computer-generated themselves, so artificial, clichéd and crass were their presentation.Star-crossed young lovers projected against conflicting circumstances of the larger world have been a staple in human drama for as long as we have kept records. Perhaps the most famous example is Shakespeare's 'Romeo & Juliet'.What have we got here? Disaffected society girl meets, and finds redemption, in gallant working-class hero. Pass me the vomitarium, someone. She already has a beau; and he's as knavish as can be. In an early silent movie you can see him with a big bristly moustache and cruel leer, tying his victim to a railroad track. He's not going to be put down by a working-class oik. He'll resort to murder, if needs be. Cameron turns this Mack Sennett cliché on its head by casting the heroine as saviour. We see her wading waist-deep in the icy Atlantic waters without flinching from the cold (just you try it!), in earnest search for her manacled hero. Love isn't just blind - it's numb.But - hey; wait a minute! this is a romantic story from the old school. We can't let emancipation stand in the way of a damp hankie. The hero's got to do what a hero's got to do. Isn't that what males are bred for, after all? I mean; equality in pay is one thing, but equality in death? I don't think so. Oh-no; the male is always the more expendable. So, in the end we see him slowly freezing to death in the ocean whilst the heroine survives on a piece of flotsam. His duty done, his grip is relinquished, and he slips down to eternity. Whilst she gets to live another day and find a more durable schmuck. You can see that same scenario at the end of equally laughable 'Starship Troopers 2'. Yep; the hat's that old.And she might have to move pretty damn quick too. That passionate little dalliance in the coach could well have put a bun in the oven. It wouldn't do to have a child out of wedlock in 1912.Romance in the face of disaster became quite a fashion at this time, with other movies like 'Pearl Habour' playing much the same card. As I say; young romantic tragedy is a long-standing cultural staple in human story-telling. It just isn't usually so extremely crass and predictable as 'Titanic'.Tissues out or vomitarium at the ready, depending upon your gullibility quotient.

I really don't understand why people hate Titanic. On a pure technical level, it was groundbreaking, the span and width of an epic film was faceted in this film. There's a reason why it won 11 Academy Awards and is still the most grossing film unadjusted for inflation. If movie tickets had been the same price as it was in 1997/98, The Dark Knight would have to make $900 million dollars to catch up to the amount of tickets Titanic sold.The success of Titanic was not because of schoolgirls fawning over a story of lost love. That is a delusion. When people think of Titanic now, they feel embarrassed because they fell in love with the movie when it came out, but now, for some reason, deem it too corny. It deserves everything and anything it got, award and money-wise.82 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, yet an incredibly unfair 7.2 on IMDb. James Cameron fans know that both his dream projects Battle Angel (2010?) and Avatar (2009) would have never come in to fruition if it wasn't for Titanic.Titanic is big, bold, touchingly uncynical film-making. Was it the acting that made it fail? No. Leo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are doing mighty fine in terms of their careers. Was it the story? Old-fashioned story-telling was the highlight of many top critics, according to RT. And to many people, though they may be reluctant to say it, had their tear ducts on full mode at the end of the movie.Watch it again, and this time without your preconceived bias and prejudice. Watch it with a clean slate, and you will realize that the talk is really just.. talk.Till the day I die, I will defend this incredibly clever, classy and colossal piece of epic cinema. I can't bear to see it wither away like this.Titanic will forever be in my top movies list.

This was arguably the most over-hyped movie of all time. Some of the special effects were great, but others looked extremely amateur indeed. The dialogue was full of cliches and the plot was so predictable. Yeah, I know we all knew the ship was going to sink, but even the love story plot was like a Barbara Cartland novel. Kate Winslet looked great, but my only thoughts in the final scenes were that I wished Leonardo DiCaprio's character would hurry up and die, so the torture could end more quickly.Blech!

This movie is kind of lame. I'l write here some of the biggest mistakes of the movies:Why oh why is one of the people getting on the life boats wearing a digital watch? Surely they weren't around in 1912? -Young Rose has green eyes, but Old Rose has blue eyes. Later in the film, there is a fade between the faces of young & old Rose and this time old Rose's have magically changed to match Kate Winslet's eyes-After Rose has helped Jack to get loose from where he is handcuffed, as he is jumping over a bench one minute he has the handcuffs on, the next shot they're gone. Then they're back. -After Rose breaks Jack's handcuffs below decks and both race down the hallways outrunning the rising water. Rose is clearly wearing white sneakers yet she is seen 30 seconds later wearing period shoes when Jack retrieves the gate key that the crewman dropped beneath the rising water.There are too many of them, so I'l stop here! If you're going to see a movie, don't go and see Titanic!

..........that will get you through the interminable story and DeCaprio's horrible performance until the ship sinks......I can not comprehend why this movie was so popular.....and the nonsensical ending will have you chuckling to yourself

When I was around 5, Titanic came out and my parents had seen it in theaters and hated it. I, however found a big love for the movie, my friends played Titanic on the playground, my friend owned the video and I eventually saw it, well half of it since I wasn't ready for the distress and peril. As I grew, I learned how cheesy, formulaic and just plain god awful this movie was.To start off, I think that the scenery, costumes and sets are magnificent, and some of the characters give life in their roles (The man who played the Captain, Victor Garber and Kathy Bates) the rest, however are just irritating and trying too hard to make their performance stand out. And they do, just not in a good way. Kate Winslet is just a snobby girl who obviously is misunderstood and wishes her mother would listen to her, Leonardo Dicaprio is just a vile, poor boy who seems an awful lot like a rude and bratty version of Tramp(Who is from a rich girl meets poor boy story that works, "Lady and the Tramp.") Billy Zane plays Rose's Fiancé, Cal and uses an accent that mocks the British as do most of the other supporting actors. Plus, Cal is convinced that the ship is unsinkable, as is everyone, except Rose who is "educated" (apparently knowing who Freud is makes her a smart scholar.) But she's a girl! Why listen to her?! This Ship is Unsinakble! It is she who notices that they're aren't enough lifeboats, but is reassured once again by another man that the ship can't and won't sink. Enoguh on that, let us talk about the main plot.Titanic was a ship that was to sail from Ireland to New York, we all know that. But, it seems that the Director, James Cameron (Who is usually a good director and who redeemed himself with Ghosts of the Abyss.) does not know anything but that small fact, and that many Irish people were in third class. The many wonderful stories about the ship, not that the death of many people is a good thing, but that the tales survivors have passed down about their voyage on the Titanic. If James contacted the few still alive or read a book, he would maybe make this film get two stars for researching the stories of the ships passengers. Anyway, Rose is on the ship with her mother and fiancé, but she is not happy. Jack is a poor boy who wins tickets to the Titanic in a game of poker and lives his life to its fullest. They meat while suicidal Rose is about to jump and Jack won't let her. If this were the real world, any chance that these two would meet, or that she would even come near the third class deck would be very slim. So long story short, he saves her from falling. While doing so, the police hear screams coming from her and when they arrive, it appears that he is raping her. They arrest Jack, but Rose says that he saved her and he goes scotch free. Then, their bond begins.Already, within the first forty five minutes am I bored, waiting for the ship to sink and not center around these two bratty kids who never even existed, but the story makes them as big as the ship itself. So these two become friends and Jack teaches Rose how to live a little, which means he gets her to hock spit and dance at a drunken third class party and escape the upper prestigious class. Soon Rose begins to realize, Do I even love Cal? Is Jack the one for me? He understands her and she understands him, unfortunately her mother disapproves of their romance because he's poor and she's engaged. Rose then tries to end her romance with Jack, but like every other romance movie she goes with the man she just met and apparently the choice was right. They stand on the edge of the ship and "fly," he draws her nude only wearing her necklace Cal gave to her as an engagement present. If you have been living in a cave or hopefully haven't heard of Titanic, these scenes are none as its most memorable, as is their sex scene in the back of a car. Luckily, the iceberg hits and all hell breaks loose. After Cal insisting it won't sink it does! And nobody listen to Rose! Cal wants her, but she says, "I'd rather be a whore then your wife." Soon enough, Jack and Rose are together in the water all cold and near death, but they can still churn out cinematic waste. While watching it, I found their love being broken not as important as the many people dying right next to them. And before you know it, Jack dies. It would be pretty obvious because when a disaster occurs, one of the lovers is bound to die. Eventually, selfish Rose is rescued and calls herself Rose Dawson, which makes me laugh. She knows him for two days and then considers their little unimportant romance like marriage, Please. The end is when the diamond the explorers are searching for isn't found, Rose has it, she dumps it over the edge and then meets Jack in heaven. There, I saved you three hours of your life.Adding on to the boring love story, the music sounds like Enya half the time and the rest like music you hear in a Nordstrom's store at the mall(the theme is sung by sea wench Celene Dion another disaster for the film). The script sounds like a dreary English paper using vocabulary words I learned in seventh grade. At least it is when the two lovebirds aren't screaming "Jack! Jack!" or "Rose!!" The star goes to scenery, and it stays that way.

I have never seen a more over-rated film.  The special effects were very good and the non-fiction part of the movie was all solid, but the rest of the story was so contrived.  The lead acting was pitiful and not credible in the least.  I don't understand how anybody would ever want to sit through the full three hours of this movie more than once.

Given Cameron's apparent interest in the actual tragic event and the money that was spent this film borders on being a travesty as it was an opportunity lost to tell one of the great stories of our recent history.
I watched Titanic from start to finish the other night and came away completely disappointed that most of the very interesting elements of the real saga were either glossed over or omitted completely and replaced by a schmaltzy implausible drawn out love story.
Given the budget and the state of the art effects used this movie could have been great. Had it properly examined the tragedy from the point of view of the real characters involved and their reactions and behaviour instead of some hokey fabricated Romeo and Juliet theme complete with ludicrous villainy and gun-play, it could have been a true classic simply by portraying the multitude of real and totally compelling stories that occurred.
Where was the re-telling of the infamous role the Californian played as it was anchored 10 miles away during the whole terrible ordeal, oblivious and indifferent to the horror being played out within arms reach? Where was the heroics of the Carpathia turning off all heating in order to make more speed as she rushed through the dangerous ice field to rescue over seven hundred souls?
Where was Captain Smith's refusal to believe the ship could not stay afloat after the collision and the unforgettable moment of grim realisation that the Titanic would surely sink? And what about all of the heart rending decisions being made as the men hastily and gallantly chose to put the lives of their women and children before their own? Surely these tragic separations between fathers and their wives and children carried 100 times more feeling and emotion than a pair of smitten teenagers who had only known each other for a couple of days.
And no matter how much sentiment one might feel about losing their one true love 70 years ago in tragic circumstances, no one is going to toss a 300 million dollar diamond into the drink.

I saw this movie in the theatre's back in 1997 and remembered it as a brilliant movie. The cinematic experience was one of the best of my life even though the story is tragic and very sad. I recently watched this film with my 13 year old daughter. The magic is still there. This is still one of the best movies of all time and perhaps the greatest love story of all time. The new blue ray release is fantastic and James Horner's score is still timeless. Great job James Cameron...for producing a once in a lifetime film. Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet were fantastic in this film and both deserved best actor/actress awards.Don't be afraid to bring this one back out people... its still a beautiful epic that will stand the test of time.

Well what can I say you gotta love a good disaster movie set on real events and Titanic checks ALL the boxes for a good movie. Set in April 1916 the movie opens with an elderly woman named Rose(played by the late Gracie Stuart)who talks to the reporters(one played by Bill Paxton from Mighty Joe Young) and she talks to them along with her granddaughter about the story of the Titanic. So we cut in to see all the people being sent aboard the famous ship and we see a younger looking Rose(played by Kate Winslet who looks so different with her dyed red hair)and her boorish fiancée played by Billy Zane(from The Phantom)who is by her side as she sets sail on the ship. Meanwhile a charming man named Jack Dawson(played by the gorgeous Leonardo Di Caprio before he morphed into Eric Dane's love child now)as he and his mates are playing cards so his friend decides to abort the ship with him as he yells the famous line IM THE KING OF THE WORLD.But later in the film Jack falls in love with Rose while his staying on the ship and the two become really close with each other. But what will Rose's boorish egotistical fiancée think of it??.This film maybe 3 hrs long but its definitely worth it. The music by John Horner is brilliant there's this one scene I can recall where Jack and Rose are dancing to some Irish music and they had a lot to drink and their smiling and laughing at each other,THAT was just so well done. Also you gotta love the Celine Dion hit My Heart Will Go On.The story is brilliant in fact this is what REALLY happened on the Titanic and if you come across another movie that says Titanic: The Legend Goes On I suggest you avoid this one and watch this overrated flick instead of it as the animated version well if you seen it you know what its like.Also I loved the chemistry between Winslet & DiCaprio which was so realistic and genuine. Bottom line if you haven't seen it then check it out im telling you,that you won't regret it. I seen it a million times before and if I catch it again on TV at an earlier time than i'll watch it again.10/10

Pure glop. Wooden acting. Astonishingly unconvincing characters. Boring, generic music (descending to banality in the case of "My Heart Will Go On"). Good sets and effects (no surprise, considering how much money was spent on them). Overall, the cinematic equivalent of a Big Mac, but even more tasteless.The first time I watched "Titanic," I lasted 20 minutes. "I'm going upstairs to read," I told my wife. "Call me when it starts to sink." The sinking was lots of fun (that, and the effects, are why I rate it a 2 instead of a 1), but not enough to counteract three hours of turgid, sentimental ooze. If the film had BEGUN with the sinking scene, it would rate a 10.I did watch it again, in its entirety, and that's three and a quarter hours of my life that I will never get back.

Titanic' was quite the phenomenon when it came out. There is no movie that I can think of, at least in my lifetime, that became the cultural event that it did. There were many concerns within the film community that the film was going to be a disaster. James Cameron had spent a long time finishing the film and it was the most costly film ever made. Many people thought it was bring an end to his career. All these concerns and predictions were shattered when 'Titanic' came out; it became the highest grossing movie ever and it won more Academy awards than any other movie. It skyrocketed the careers of both Kate Winslet and Leo DiCaprio. I went to the theaters to see it with family and friends. It was an incredible experience and several people around me were crying. There were very few movies I had ever seen before that had mesmerized me as much as this movie did.I watched this movie in its entirety for the first time in years. The reaction is much different now and the film seems much less impressive. First of all, the graphics in 'Titanic' have not aged well. When the ship is sinking, the CGIs look really fake and dated. Also, the model ship they used doesn't look very good either. It looks cheap and like it was made out of plastic! This does not surprise me because most films do not age well; a new generation of film lovers will not find certain films as impressive as the last generation. Putting that aside, the story of 'Titanic' is not that bad. I think most people know what the story is about so I do not need to explain it. The acting is slightly above average, but the screenplay is so clichéd and corny, I can understand the acting did not need to be that impressive. The last forty minutes of the film consists of the two main characters shouting, "Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack! Rose, Rose, Rose, Rose!" They must love each other so much that they can't think of anything else to say.I don't think 'Titanic' is destined to become a classic. Even though it made so much money and won so many awards, I think most people now see the movie as an embarrassment. Now that I am older and wiser, 'Titanic' just seems like a mediocre film. Pretty disappointing considering how much the movie was loved when it first came out.

I have given this film 1 because, for its time, the special-effects were truly excellent, and also because the costumes were and still are breath-takingly beautiful. I watched this film back-to-back as a teenager out of adoration for Leo, and now I am an adult I went to watch it again in 3D, expecting to be wowed like before. Oh dear. Themes of the film - "Rich people are evil, all of them. Only poor people have feelings." "Cheating on your fiancé is fine, and he is not allowed to have any kind of reaction to this." "If we don't both fit on this wardrobe door, one of us will surely die...but let's only half-heartedly try once to fit us both..."Also, Kate Winslet is supposed to be 18!? REALLY!?!?!?! Come on now guys...come on....

There is no doubt that James Cameron is capable of putting out fantastic cinema. The man just seems to have a feel for what will pull on the emotions and his eye for scene setting has no equal. Some spoilers ahead.I recently re-watched this on video, on a small TV, and it still blew me away. Action fans will, of course, be disappointed. Perhaps this even qualifies as a chick-flick. I don't know, and don't care. It's just a great movie and never drags even at over three hours.I've tried hard to find niggles, to be impartial, but the only things I can point to are a couple of instances where the special effects were bad (at the beginning, where the bow of the sunken Titanic looks exactly like what it is....a model) and later where Jack and Rose are on the the foredeck and the camera is looking back toward the superstructure (where the scenery looks like the backdrop from a school play). Other than these, the story and effects are fantastic and enhance the film rather than overpowering it.I always cry at the end, with the old lady's scenes of returning to the ship. This is one of a very few movies that do make me cry. For that reason it will always be a favourite.

Well, I'm not going to completely bash this movie. For what it's worth, it's decent entertainment, moves along at a fairly good pace - impressive, considering this is a three hour flick - and Kate and Leo were okay (though both can do much better). I expected worse, knowing it had been horribly over-hyped and that James Cameron was evil (one can argue about how evil). Also, the sets and Kate's dresses were very pretty. That's about it for the positives. The story is shallow and full of holes, most of the dialog is plain silly, and the whole movie is, basically, spectacular kitsch. I honestly think Titanic is probably one of the least deserving Academy Award winners ever - and in the same year as LA Confidential, Good Will Hunting, and even The Full Monty. Unbelievable.

Titanic does not deserve all the praise and awards it has received. The love-story is simple, the characters cliched and the screenplay has many oversights.However, it is impossible to deny the power of the film once the iceberg hits. The detail in the reactions of different characters to their impending deaths, how fate conspires against those who worked hardest to stay alive and the emotional impact of the thousands of deaths almost make up for a stupid opening hour and a half.The last shot of the film, a camera moving through the titanic and into the dining room, where all the ship's dead victims have gathered, is amazing.

All of the critics for "Titanic" should really be on line for the new Star Wars, right?The extent of critcism for "Titanic", even at this late date, indicates that even those who hate it are still thinking about it and want to bash in it light of the new George Lucas movie."Titanic" has a solid place in movie history, with movie fans everywhere in the world, and a couple of bored and angry people are not going to change that.  I love the movie and I always will.

It's no wonder this was so seismically successful; it really has something for everyone: a sweet tragic love story, action and suspense and for history buffs a meticulous reenactment of the most infamous sea disaster of all time. Really a stunning achievement.

Am I the only one who finds this film unsettling and beyond upsetting? I mean, don't get me wrong it's an amazing film and personally JC's best work, but some scenes will scar me for life. And the fact it is marketed as romantic/drama is crazy, as I felt myself more terrified than loved up! In my opinion this is essential viewing for any film lover, but be warned; it's the scariest film ever made!

This movie is my number one favorite of all time. The acting, production, music, story, special effects... I could just talk all day about everything that makes this movie amazing. I've seen it so many times that I know every line. I love Jack and Rose and their chemistry and how their lives intertwine and change each other's. Just definitely a movie that can't be topped!

I'm rewatching this now. It has held up very well after all these years. I saw this in the theaters when I was 22. It was just me and my boyfriend who I recently just started seeing. We are no longer together, but I still remember him saying that the way the two were holding each others hands at the bow of the boat, reminded him of the way we touched each other's hands at the time. We were in love, just as Rose and Jack were. This movie also touched home because I too came from money and thought most of the rich people I knew and had dated were uptight and didn't seem to let loose enough and have fun....and I was afraid too I would fall in a trap to it and live a boring existence. It gave me more strength to branch out and not search for someone to love just because of their wealth and status in the world, but instead find love for whats inside a person. My world is better now because of that decision. So I thank you Titanic!

While I admit that the effects were good and the costumes worked - the film as a whole was awful. Kate Winslett was horribly miscast and there was no chemistry between her character and DiCaprio's Jack. The script was dire and the baddies were just missing their twirly moustaches. It was difficult to care about what happened to anyone at any point during the interminable denouement. it seemed to me that like many other Cameron movies the bottom line was the profit to be made from the extreme overhyping of the whole thing. Avatar was only just better (which is not to say it was any good either). Definitely the law of diminishing returns was played out here. I think it halted Leo's career in it's tracks, given the "heartthrob" title attributed to him. Conversely and inexplicably it boosted Kate's career beyond any explanation.

This film really does smell of cheese. Before I describe the overpowering smell of cheese i must point out a few things... First I watched it for the first time in 2006, but maybe that only let the cheese mature. Secondly I watched it in Russia which subsequently meant that it was dubbed. But before i am attacked by fans for bothering to write an opinion about it even though i saw a dubbed version of it, which obviously spoils any movie good or bad, i have to say this time i was glad that a film was dubbed. I understood the translation and was glad to be spared hearing the ridiculous script from the actors, which could of made it unbearable but the dubbing at least made it comical.It is a typical love story that could be used in any film situation, but this time it exploited the titanic's tragedy. I am not knocking any romance films or anything and appreciate that it is an extremely popular genre. But is came across as so basic and predictable i wished it was in the hands of David Lynch or Ken Russell, to "liven" things up a little.The sinking of the ship was the best bit, and kind of exciting too, but with that amount of money you could probably make a film about pulling the bath plug out your bath and make it look epic. However even the actual sinking, dieing and drowning had the sugar coated Hollywood feel. Which came across in casting and acting too, but i won't even go there. Back to the cheese factor, the ICING on the cake (sorry) was the sound track. Celine Dion whatever you do and however you do it, you just stink.To rate this movie I will give it three out of ten. Why? Firstly because DiCaprio dies, nice touch. Though i do acknowledge that he is a good actor most of the time its just the films character. Secondly because Kate Winslet is so fine, with or without her clothes on. If fact her outfits though out the film are excellent. Third point goes to the absurd amount of money spent on the sinking bit which subsequently made me think for the first time about how truly horrific it must of actually been in real life, which was considerably worse than what we see in this easy to watch catastrophe. However we have to go minus a point because of the truly pathetic modern day tear jerker grandma spills her heart out bits. Boo hoo.

I loved the story but felt that Leo De caprio was miss cast he was too young looking to play the part, and Kate Winslet was too mature looking to fall for him, after all we all knew the ending but there was no real sexual chemistry between the pair no bite, and it showed in the film it was a script that any actor could have done because the history of the tragedy sold the film not who appeared in it I personally would have chose, Colin Firth to play the male lead part, don't get me wrong caprio was brilliant in the Mask, beach but he did not suite the Titanic, the special effects were brilliant and educational for history purposes you can't go wrong, because the scene where he draws her naked made you squirm had he seemed too young to be there

Too bad about the cheesy special effects- at least the storyline and acting were good. I firmly believe this film winning best film is the most unjust occurrence at the academy awards, along with CITIZEN KANE not winning best picture, and Marlon Brando for best actor in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE. The screenplay and the acting are the most important aspects of any film, and since Titanic was deficient in both areas it should not have received the honour of best film. Granted, the special effects are wonderous and should be honoured, but as a whole the film was not a masterpiece, it did not inspire, and they took far too long to die. There were far better films in 1997, due to their superior screenplay and acting talent, but they were snubbed because of this. It really makes one question the credibility of the academy.

I admit I enjoyed this film.  The grandeur of it all was impressive.  The fact that James Cameron let this film get to a 200 million dollar budget is also very impressive.  However, once the grandeur is taken away there really isn't much left.  The plot is a simple romance.  And since the story is so predictable, it puts some heavy pressure on a three hour film.  The direction is superb.  My distaste for this film doesn't extend to James Cameron's technical direction.  His technical direction is on par with Spielberg's.  However, his human/emotional part of that mix doesn't rate very well.  The acting also is not consistent.  I didn't find DiCaprio's performance bad, but his character seemed to be very easy to play and wasn't that complicated.  Winslet, who's performance in Heavenly Creatures stunned me, is mainly okay here.  The best performances belonged to Gloria Stuart and Kathy Bates.  The score also rates with the best, and the soundtrack is one I highly recommend.  In the end, I think this film is more comparable to "Cleopatra" than to "Gone With Wind".  The budget and the problems making the film end up being more interesting and more entertaining than the film itself.  Did this film deserve best picture? No.  But it's nomination was also like "Cleopatra's" nomination.  The big budget and the absolute vastness of the film was enough.

People talked a lot about this movie, before, after and during the time of production. One thing I was sure about when the pieces fall in it's place that this movie is made to be a cash machine and not a masterpiece. Everyone knows the story, the old well known one. Nothing wrong with old known stories but the combination with other common regular boring side stories make the whole thing unbearable. At last I went to see it, at the University Philm Club theater. It started bad and it became worst, more than three hour of suffering, and I don't talk about the suffer of passenger of Titanic, I am talking about my own and the other people with me sitting there watching this nonsense. The last hour almost killed me, I put my head between my legs and raised my head to see what's going on every other minute. I didn't miss anything, the story went on very slow, slow, slow ... It's looked like the producer and the other guys there realized that the have spent a lot of money so they made the movie an hour longer. Anyway I was lucky to see it in a theater with a break in the middle of the movie, and I am happy that I didn't pay to see it.

TITANIC ( rating * * out of 5 )I fear I'm about to make myself highly unpopular with what follows, but I can only call 'em as I see 'em. Besides, being highly unpopular is such familiar territory for me and it just wouldn't be the same without the constant slings and pointed arrows.From writer/director James (I'm king of the world) Cameron, comes this 200 million dollar purported epic that in my view only ever reaches the status of cubic zirconia.But never fear, Hollywood will incestuously look after its own because any movie that costs the amount that could pull a third world South American country out of insolvency and destitution, is guaranteed to win eleven Academy Awards - Oscars for categories like, The Most Times Actors Say, "No! This Way." - The Most Soggy Extras and The Best Motion Picture Where The Male Lead Is Snubbed For A Nomination.This unfortunate male lead is none other than Leonardo Di Caprio who possesses all the rugged good-looks of a fourteen year old pimple-cream model. But it's not all bad news for Leo because he has perfected the art of being a pipsqueak while painting chubby actresses in the nude - poor old Kate Winslet's dress was so tight around the torso that the hunky Leo had to use solvent to get it off.Rose DeWitt (Kate Winslet), is engaged to the jerk millionaire, Cal Hockley (Billy Zane). Cal gives her a priceless necklace that has some significance later on as a wrinkly Rose tells the story which is seen in flashback.Anyway, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo Di Caprio), as she attempts suicide and the couple are instantly attracted (in Rose's case, as much as someone who is attempting suicide can be). The pair eventually fall in love, the ship hits an iceberg, the ship sinks, the ship becomes famous and we are subjected to this hideously expensive, self-important and time-consuming movie (I had to pause halfway through to bake some muffins as not to suffer the effects of malnutrition).However, I did give this movie two stars and that was for the special effects. To be fair, they were pretty good. As a mass of brave stunt-personnel tumbled into the icy water, I did get the sense of what the chaos and hysteria must have been like on that fateful night in 1912 - reminiscent of lunch-time crowds around the all-you-can-eat desert bar at Sizzler.In a nutshell, this film is a love story between Jack and Rose that never rises above soap-opera melodramatics. After an hour and a half of this kissy kissy nonsense, I found myself participating in open prayer thanking the Almighty for his very timely iceberg.What possibly could warrant so much money and effort? Certainly not a piece of Hollywood trivia that tells us nothing about the Titanic that we didn't already know.If I've missed the point, then to all of you 'Titanic' devotees I sincerely apologize. But, if I'm right, then you have all been the victims of Hollywood and its intricate network of propaganda.

You know those films where you just leave your brain at the lobby and come back for it when the movie is finished, realizing you didn't have a good time without it? Like Armageddon?Well, this is one of those 'brain-free' experiences. However, this is really enjoyable brain candy. OK, so the script could have been better written by a writer from Sunset Beach, but you have to commend this film for it's good points: Kate Winslet's performance, the historical detail, the sheer enjoyability of it all.True, the script seems to be the source of all the problems: DiCaprio is a fine actor, but unfortunately his character hasn't been written well enough for him to give a performance with any true depth. This also makes the love story seem a little weak, and in the end, unmoving.Nevertheless, this is one of the most enjoyable mainstream movies of last year, and definetly worth $7.50 of your money, or if you're British, £4.
8/10

I went to see the film not knowing what to expect. I'm not a fan of romantic films but everyone had been recommending the film so I went and I have to say it is amazing. An emotional mix of watching while knowing. As Jack and Rose get increasingly closer you know the fate that awaits and it starts you thinking of ways they could have avoided it. It's one of those films that remains close to your heart forever.Excellent acting from the whole cast, especially DiCaprio and Winslet. Some scenes which come to mind include the dining room scene, Rose communicates to Jack on a level that the other actors don't even sense, a sentence which is echoed on page 95 of "James Camerons Titanic" It is a film that will have you hooked and on the edge of your seats. The length helps you to really get to know the charecters and connect with them and I hate to admit it but this film has turned me into an addict.I had never heard of James Cameron as much as I do now and I'd just like to say GOOD JOB!!

Can I just say that Kate Winslet is magnificent in her portrayal of Rose. The emotions she shows in her facial expressions and pitch and tone of voice are something to behold. Billy Zane as the dastardly Cal is also quite superb. Well done to all concerned on the movie, and I wait with eager anticipation for the Directors Cut on Video.

IT WAS REALLY A GOOD MOVIE.IT SHOWS THE PANIC OF THE PEOPLE IN TITANIC WHO ARE ABOUT TO DIE AND HOW CRUEL THEY BECAME! THE LOVE STORY PART TAKES AWAY OUR SADNESS TILL JACK'S DEATH! YOU MUSTN'T MISS THIS MOVIE!IT IS REALLY WONDERFUL!!!

The tragedy here was the fact that they took what could have been a great film/story and turned it into a typical piece of Hollywood Crud!  Seriously, the acting totally sucked!  The screenplay was trite and boring.  The contrived scenes with the old Rose (not to mention with all the other characters) were so sad, this piece of garbage could only come from small minds that merely used a bunch of special effects to mask the poorly written script!  Sad, Sad, Sad.........  I know that I'm certainly not in the majority on this one, obviously by the actual take on boxoffice and video rental/sales, but I know that I can tell good acting from affected, contrived, crud - and this certainly was full of the latter!  Best Picture?!?!?!?!  Honestly, the "Academy" bowed to box office sales and certainly not to their consciences on rewarding quality film making or acting.... Sad, Sad, Sad!!!!!

Certainly the worst movie ever made. Most expensive!!! What a waste. I don't think it is worth the paper the script was typed out on.The story line, dialogue and cinematography was atrocious. I probably would have enjoyed the movie more if the volume was put to 0.The final scenes were extremely unreal to say the least and probably the most funniest scene ever made.I definetely give this on a 0/10.

Such a classic romantic film. This will always be a great film. The story and characters give a great feel to the movie.

"In every age mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once magnificent and impossible" - Titanic the musical Like the Titanic itself, this movie is a masterpiece that stands the age of time. It gives me the shivers every time I watch it. I love this film not for the love story but for the depiction of every passenger on board. You see the hopefulness in every one when boarding, not knowing what awaits ahead. And you see the tragic horrors unfold as the Titanic sunk. Cameron portrayed the human condition when everyone fights to survive and the social differences very well.Considering this is a 1997 film, it's still better than a lot of new films today, both story-wise and special effects wise.

What a wonderful film. James Cameron done a brilliant job bring this historical event to life. Everything was perfect, the timing of the film, the effects , the cast can't fault Cameron. You couldn't of asked for any better actors/ actress to fill the main two roles Leo and Kate have some much chemistry on film and you can feel the love and heartbreak between them outstanding acting. The fact this film is based on true even gives you that extra edge that you wanna see the film makes you feel the pain that actually happened. The number of awards says it all for this film. One of only two films along with Avatar to gross over 2billion incredible. If anyone has not watched this film they are missing out it is purely just a cult film. People off all ages love this film, male or female too. The thrills, love, heartbreak, excitement will draw you in to the most amazing love and historical film to ever hit the big screen. MUST WATCH FILM!!

The work done off screen was completely worth it. I suggest you check the trivia of the movie to understand that this movie deserves all the Oscars it got and more. It is a timeless movie, with strong acting. I've heard people complain bout the acting of the main actors, but without strong acting the movie would have never succeeded as much as it did. Leonardo DiCaprio was born for the role of Jack Dawson, he makes the audience fall in love with him rapidly, and not just because of his looks. Kate Winslet represents well the role of a young girl in need of freedom. Everything about the movie was outstanding. The setting is a very similar replica too the actual RMS Titanic. It is very realistic since several characters did in fact exist. The special effect are great, seeing in 3D must be quite the experience. The music, My Heart Will Go On, also one of my favorite songs. I don't believe there is anything bad to say other than "Why did Jack have to die? couldn't they write a happy ending? why make people sad when you have the power to make them cry of joy instead? I love you Jack! Rose don't let go of Jack!" Once you overcome the extreme feeling of sadness and anger because Jack was too nice and died, you realize that the movie is amazing. PERFECT in every sense of the word.

When I was in university, I remember seeing "Jurassic Park", and discussing it with a friend.  I commented on the loose plot, the silly dialogue, and the fact that it was a poor adaptation of a fairly entertaining novel. My friend's comment was, "Yeah, but DUDE, you got to watch DINOSAURS!"  True enough, and for that, the film was well worth the cash."Titanic" is much the same.  The plot is the same old stuff you've seen before - poor boy meets rich girl promised to rich boy, rich girl falls for poor boy, rich boy tries to get rid of both.  Think "Caddyshack" on a boat. The acting is OK, given the silly dialogue and relentless attempts at tugging your heartstrings.  Here's the kicker: you get to see the ship go down.  In the comfort of your stadium seat or in your own home, you get to see what looks like the actual sinking of an ocean liner.  People screaming, tonnes of water everywhere, the best and worst of mankind in a tidy package for your viewing pleasure.  It's FRICKIN' COOL, is what it is.  It's some of the best eye-candy ever seen on film, and that's saying a lot.Remember DiCaprio's wonderful performances in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" or "The Basketball Diaries"?  Yeah, you won't see any of that in "Titanic"."Titanic" is less a movie than it is a rollercoaster.  I liken it to "Pearl Harbor" or "Debbie Does Dallas", where you get to see some mind-blowing action sequences, and the rest of the film is useless.  Rent the DVD so you can use chapter-select to replay the good stuff over and over.Now, you might be thinking I'm a mindless action freak, but nothing is further from the truth.  For those of you that heard "Titanic" is a wonderful and romantic flick, I recommend watching it, then renting "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or "The English Patient".  Both these films have better dialogue, better acting, and are MUCH more romantic than "Titanic" can ever be.Oh yeah, I almost forgot: two good reasons to watch "Titanic": Kate Winslet gets topless.

*POSSIBLE SPOILER, BUT ONLY IF YOU'RE STUPID*Hey, I'll save you who are considering seeing this movie a few hours.  The ship sinks.  And DiCaprio can't act.Too bad all this money wasn't spent on something beneficial, like figuring out how to fill all those holes in Swiss cheese.This movie's financial success is proof that our society is beyond hope.

As an epic, it doesn't change, even a little, my perception of life. As a love story, I've seen better. However, I have to say - technically - and as entertainment - Titanic is great. The special effects, the replica of the ship, and all other technical details are a feast for the eyes. And it certainly entertains, as it never lapses to boredom and although it's over 3 hours long, it doesn't really register.Anyway, I'd say it is quite worth the watch. Just don't expect it to change your life.

It isn't that this film is bad.  It would be good if it didn't receive all the hype that it got.  Why in the world would it win Best Picture Oscar. That should have went to L.A. Confidential or As Good As It Gets.  I do enjoy Kathy Bates in everything I see and Kate Winslet was all right.  But James Cameron's cheap theatrics with a false love story aboard the doomed ship was just a way to sell tickets, and adding "DiCraprio" was just icing on the cake for him.  If you like good movies, rent "Boogie Nights" and if you like a Titanic movie, rent "A Night to Remember", please.

As for my comments on Titanic,  It didn't start to get good until the ship went down.  I don't mean that in a bad way, but it was too slow, and was jammed with special effects, the story line was horrible, and stupid.  The whole love story is so predictable.  Not to mention the story sucked even more because you knew the ship was gonna go down and the only thing holding the story together were the special effects.  It didn't start getting good until the action kicked in when the ship was going down.  I suggest skip the first tape and start the movie on the second tape.

I'm a sucker 4 romance, history and Leonardo DiCaprio, so this movie captivated me, it felt like u were there, on the doomed ship, the beauty and elegance of the 1st class captivated me while the fun and free steerage party made me want 2 dance. the romance was so carefully done and i loved it, the drawing was sensual and romantic-it was done so every single girl was left wishing their boyfriends were amazing artists as well. my only complaint was "my heart will go on" it was a cute song but Celine Dion-while writing it should not have sung it-sorry but she cant sing and with that one song has turned all my guy-friends from watching the movie (which sux because its my fave movie and now wen we watch movies at each others houses we cant watch titanic as they r now agsinst the soundtrack) when the ship is sinking its amazing the way you feel for the people falling off (except for the lady who slid down it and flashed everyone and the guy who fell off the end and fell on the propellers-those were funny and provided comic relief) but the way you just felt sad for the lady with the baby asking the captain for help, murdoch feeling helpless and shooting himself, fabritzio getting killed by the funnels and tommy Ryan getting shot. Kate Winslet gives an unforgettably performance and i suggest she dyes her hair that colour again because its so gorgeous. i loved what she wore and i bet every girl wishes they had her wardrobe (before the sinking obviously). Leonardo DiCaprio was impeccable as the (sexy) penniless artist who teaches rose how to love and gives her the courage to "never let go" this is a bawl your eyes out movie and is not to be missed

Titanic is one of the very most well made movies I have ever seen. You can debate about it's greatness, but it surely is not bad.I saw Titanic on VHS right when it came out, I was about seven or eight. I didn't really pay attention, but I liked the sinking part. So it was right after Christmas last year, and I was flipping through channels and saw that this movie just started on HBO. Hearing a lot about this film and having nothing better to do at the time, I thought I'd watch it. Not remembering it at all, and watching about thirty minutes in, I didn't really expect the ship to sink. I never thought about it, that is pretty awesome because the people on the ship didn't expect it. This movie does a very good job of drawing you into the main characters. You know Jack and Rose are going to end up together, but at the same time it also gives you a feeling that it's not going to happen. Watching the movie, you know they want each other. It finally happens, and you really start to get into the movie. Like I said before, you don't really wait for the ship to hit the iceburg, you don't think about it. Then, it finally happens that one night. The makers of the movie did a very good job on focusing on other characters meeting their fate while still concentrating on Jack and Rose. The sinking part is amazing. It does an unbelievable job of showing you how horrific and huge it really was. It also did a great job of showing you the event wasn't over once the ship went under the surface. The very end scene, when Jack and Rose meet in heaven, is brilliant.This movie is incredibly well made, and for certain not bad as many close minded people think.Watch the movie with an open mind, and you will not be disappointed. Many people watch the movie with a closed mind expecting it to be "gay", and find excuses while watching it. This movie is very, very well made, flawless, and excellent. One of the very best modern films.

Titanic, which is currently the biggest film of all time, (Why? is the biggest question of them all!) definitely has divided moviegoers in the last decade since it's release. Many women feel it is one of their favorite films of all time with great special effects, and a lead that they can relate to. Most men on the other hand, obviously feel very differently than women do about this film.Many others, like myself, easily feel that James Cameron's Titanic is easily the most overrated film in history with bloated, cheesy and banal dialoge, two dull lead characters, and a storyline which cheapens the tragedy of the sunken ship.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet play the star crossed lovers aboard the doomed ship, while a supporting cast with Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, and Bernard Hill do their best in trying to keep the screenplay and Cameron's bloated dialoge from falling out of place.The visual effects, which looked decent at the time has not held up well, there is a lot of pixelation of the ship itself, and the crash sequence today looks like something out of a playstation video game.The dialoge also today does not hold up well, and many sequences such as Rose holding up a middle finger does not support believability in the least. Secondly, while the two leads are treading frozen water, both of them would have died from hypothemia long before the ship itself sank to the bottom.Third, Rose's character would have died even quicker floating on top of the piece of wood since the ocean wind is actually much colder than the water itself, not to mention the water on her body would have also caused hypothemia as well. Why her character was one of the few survivors is a puzzlement to credability of this film itself.This film will continue to divide moviegoers for many years, with many of it's fans liking it, and those who despise and hate Titanic, will also continue to do so.James Cameron had a great opportunity to explore the legacy of the famed sunken ship, but instead by focusing on a teenage romance, with banal dialoge, and two wooden leads, it definitely kills not only the storyline, but the credability of this film as well.In my opinion, Titanic does not hold up well to stand the test of time, and that is why it's easily the most overrated film in history in my opinion. His last great film was 1991's T2, as both True Lies and Titanic contained much of Cameron's famously banal dialoge and bloated budgets.

I mean, there is no way any of that would ever happen! I look better than that girl, so maybe she was desperate, but you don't just go with some sleazy poor guy! I mean, have standards!Don't get me wrong, I feel bad for her, being so fat she needs help putting that old-lady girdle on to look skinny for her man and that homeless guy, but seriously, if you are so insecure that you are into some bum who has no money but wants to draw pictures of you naked because he can't even afford a camera, then you have some serious self-esteem problems!Luckily there's that iceberg thing, so you don't have to watch how bad her life would be with the pervy cheapskate. Cuz that would probably really suck, so I hope they don't do a sequel about that.

I decided recently to give this one a viewing (against my better judgment). I thought that reducing one of the greatest maritime tragedies in history to an ill-conceived love story was in poor taste. Previous reviews have said it all really. For a more realistic and emotionally involving film about the Titanic see 'A Night to Remember'. Why do film-makers feel the need to 'spice up' events of such magnitude with improbable plots?? Appalling stuff. 1/10.

The movie opens as researchers try to find out diamonds inside the wreck of the real titanic, which gives us the first full look of the wreck of the unsinkable ship which was a bit emotional. Bill Paxton finds 85 years old diary which hold the drawing of the naked women & then later on it's been telecast on TV. The movie goes into flashback & here comes the glimpse of the beautiful ship titanic. The bunch of characters appear in the movie at the port of Belfast, which also includes the male leading start Leonardo winning the ticket of titanic on the lucky hand of poker. The movie literally gives you the feeling of viewer being inside of the ship & according to the facts everything in the movie is been re-designed from the furniture to the decks, lamps, the door way, life boats, & along with the engine room.The real movie beings after Rose decides to suicide jumping from the rear end of the ship & Jack take her mind off the track & saves her. As the movie continues Jack & Rose starts to meet up regularly at the different parts of the ship, while on the other hand Rose mother & her fiancé Cal doesn't like Rose spending time with lower class standard jack, but still young hearts were attracted to each other. The best scene in the movie according to me is the flying scene of Jack & Rose, which makes rose realize that she is in love with Jack too. The movie takes sudden turns when on the same night titanic hits the iceberg, which in short left my eyes wide open, as it has been directed & executed very well, & then the final chapter of the maiden voyage beings the sinking of the unsinkable titanic. The final hour of the movie filled with reality & the disaster which people till now hasn't forgotten. People struggling to survive & the real history how traveler's were saved into the life boats are the key scenes of the movie. Some true scenes like the Creator of titanic Thomas Andrews died while standing near the dining clock & was last seen, the steamer falling on the jacks brother, third class traveler's were treated during the sinking scenes. The breaking apart of ship are the most shattering scenes in the movie. There is no doubt even today in 2012 still I wonder what James Cameron has achieved in the special effects put into this movie, the year 1997 the worked on their best special effects effort to keep this movie alive even for the upcoming generation to watch on. The soul of the movie is the background score of this motion picture which is composed by James Horner every piece of music is been composed specially to suit the scenes of this movie itself, from the opening sequence to de-porting of titanic to Rose theme & the sinking sequence. James Cameron specially recorded the score of the movie with real orchestra the team of James Horner. In one the interviews of the making of Avatar one of the viewer asked him " what if you get a chance to direct Titanic again, what would be your experience in making it " ?? and he answer if I would have been given a change to direct titanic again, I will finish titanic within a month very easily cause of hugely availability of special effects team, cause for titanic I had to wait for some shot for days. For example the shot of Rose & Jack on the front end of the ship kissing each other, he had to wait for days to get proper sunset in the camera as special effects that time weren't that advanced like how they are today. In one word you're a legend Cameron. The wreck shot of ship were taken in the year 1995 2 years before the releasing the movie into theaters. Till now whenever I watch this movie I still feel I'm watching it for the first time & somewhere there are tears in my eyes specially in the scene where rose steps into the life boats & Jacks watches her going away, oh geez that particular scene gets tears in my eyes every time. I am now waiting for the special edition of this movie to be released in 3d blu-ray. True facts about TITANIC Titanic was constructed to be unsinkable ship of that time, but the creator of the ship Thomas made 3 biggest mistakes in constructing the ship. The propeller of the ship were taken directly from the design of the 18's century cruise liner, the water tight compartments had one the major flaws which over flowed the water from the upper decks, the propellers turning radius was not designed to turn ship quickly as the ship size was way bigger than the propellers could bear it during the full stern. On the night of sinking titanic received 5 iceberg warning, but still they ignored the warning & continue sailing. The final decision by the Mr Murdoch to reverse the engines & turning the ship to evade iceberg. The decision not to carry enough life boats cause it ruins the overall look of the top deck & it was initially decided to carry just 8 life boats, but later on more 12 boats were added. The distress call from titanic was actually received by the local streamer waiting for the morning to sail again couldn't reach for help as the streamer couldn't see the titanic as the sky was full of twinkling stars which interrupted the them to see through binoculars.The crew lost their binoculars on the night ship hitted the iceberg.My rating – 10/10 !!!!!!!

I've never been into long movies. When a film starts growing longer than an hour thirty, perhaps an hour forty-five, I can't help but yawn and perhaps snooze off. It happened to me with the greatest movies in the history of cinema: I fell asleep with Gone With the Wind and yawned plenty of times with Schindler's List.But with Titanic, however, hours seemed to dash by without me noticing. I watched the story on screen, with my 3D glasses on, and I was instantly captured by Jack and Rose's story. Three hours twenty, nonetheless. And in all that time, I didn't let out a single yawn. Neither did I look at the time on my phone. I felt how the magic of Titanic really got to me, and when the credits came in my face was flooded with tears.Perhaps what I like the most about this movie is how it has made me feel. Yeah, it has made me feel things I had never felt before. For instance, I had never cried with a movie. And it wasn't just the sad romantic story that involved the two characters - but how all the characters that had interacted with them died one by one, sunk with the Ship of Dreams. Mr. Andrews, Captain Smith, little Cora, Mr. Murdoch, Tommy, Fabrizio...because Titanic isn't just a romantic movie, it's also a historic movie that shows what happened on a fatal April 14 morning, in 1912. One thousand fifty souls sunk down along with the Titanic into the deep waters of the Northern Atlantic, and I could see all that pain and suffering portrayed in James Cameron's movie perfectly. And it was during that dramatic hour, sitting still at the movie theater, in which tears dared to slide down my cheeks, along with most of the other viewers.As the movie credits slid by in the theater screen, my brother asked me if I was crying, and I shook my head. "It's just the 3D glasses. You know, they get my eyes teary."Yes, it might have very well been the 3D glasses. Or perhaps the fact that I had watched a great modern classic that will not be easily forgotten.

C+ The best grossing film of all time, until recently that is, but is it really the best film ever? Even worthy of getting all that money? Upon initial viewing, many probably thought so, but I'm not one of those. It does have its strong suits, and James Cameron has rarely, if ever, failed me. This film stands out as quite different in tone contrast to say "Aliens', "T2', or even "Avatar". Note the first two, f*CK Avatar, use low-key lighting, while this film is just so bright all the time. The performances are grade A in this film. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are great throughout , and the end sequence was of course astonishing and a leap forward in visual effects.My biggest problem with this movie? It over does a love story to the point it hits two hours or so, and then we get an hour more or less of epic disaster with tragedy and believable chaos. But the first two hours just seem to drag on, quite unnecessarily at that. Along with that, the score was dismal at best. Naturally the only scene to defy this was the "last song" instant as it sank. One of the main things that draws me to a film it its score, or sometimes a lack there of. Sappy romantic themes and an unfitting climax music as thousands drown. It just was distracting and honestly didn't belong there. Overall, "Titanic" is worth seeing and all, but far from being the best movie ever, or even close for that matter. This a movie where I definitely rent the DVD, practically fall sleep an hour or so in, then wake up and say "what the? Still not yet?", and then just use chapter selection to get to see the climax.

Titanic is one of my favorite movies, and it is a timeless classic that did not receive the acclaim and respect it deserved. I know that it got Oscar nominations, and it received the hype, but its not even in the top 250 which is very disappointing, because Titanic is as least as good if not better than many of the movies in the top 250. It is unfortunate that it was unpopular among so many people. During its day it was the highest grossing film of all time. Unfortunately the success and hype of the movie have spawned vicious criticism. A lot of viewers love Titanic, but many more bash the film and dissect it for problems such as its "lack of originality", "weak script", and "poor acting", all of which are overly critical and not true. Maybe the script could have been a little better, but it was good enough for me. It may have been simple, but it was still well-written in my opinion. I don't know why everyone say's the acting is bad, I thought all of the cast did very well in this movie. As for the originality, its not the first love story to be told, but in my opinion it is the most believable, epic, and heart-wrenching love story to ever be depicted in a movie. The love the two characters have for each other is totally convincing.Titanic does use a historical setting to set the foundation for the movie, but so do a lot of other great movies. A lot of people say they don't like Titanic because it was too long, but I don't think the movie's length is a problem because it's so good that it's worth the 3 hour commitment. Sure, it could have been a little shorter, but I don't know that it would have been made that much of an improvement. Titanic is indeed a very lengthy film, but the movie is breath-taking because of its strong plot, gorgeous cinematography, phenomenal special effects, and superb acting. A lot of people don't like Leonardo Di Caprio in this movie. In fact, many of the people who didn't like this movie blame Di Caprio. Leonardo Di Caprio is not really respected as an actor but often dismissed as a "pretty boy". Leonardo Di Caprio is not the greatest actor ever, but he did a good job in this movie, and I find the attacks on his acting to be unfair. In my opinion he did his best work in this movie.Kate Winslet is perfect in Titanic. She is a very gifted actress who is part of what makes this movie so good. But she didn't do it alone: The chemistry between her character and Leonardo Di Caprio's character is so natural, that it does not seem like they acting at all. Kate Winslet plays a young woman from a rich family named Rose, and Leonardo Di Caprio plays a poor artist named Jack. The two meet on the voyage of the Titanic and fall in love. But Rose is strongly encouraged to marry a rich man named Cal Hockley. Rose's family and Cal disapprove of Jack. Throughout the movie Rose and Jack's relationship develops, much to Cal's dismay. Cal becomes the enemy of both Rose and Jack. He hires a man to capture Jack.A real ocean liner was built for the production of this movie. It is not quite as big as the real Titanic but it is close to it. The replica of the ship looks very authentic, it looks just like the real ship. Titanic may start off a little slow, but it is still very engrossing, in my opinion. The second half of the movie is unforgettable. It is tense, suspenseful, and compelling. Watching this movie makes you feel like you were really on the ship. The movie does include some characters that really were on the ship, but Jack and Rose's characters are fictitious. I'm not sure how accurate the rest of the movie is, but the reality of it all is impeccable. Titanic is a riveting movie that really draws you in to the disaster and the tragedy of that night.I would certainly recommend Titanic, to all audiences. Do not listen the hype though, and do not listen to the criticism either. Just watch the movie, and make your own opinion. If you leave your cynicism at the door, then you may just discover the beauty of this movie.

Apart from Titanic being one of the best movie ever produced it is also the second highest grossing movie of all time as well. A movie does not make $1.8 billion dollars world wide with out being incredible brilliant.Titanic is more than just a movie about a ship that sinks its a classic romance love story about a rich girl and a poor boy. An unspoken love that could never truly be. The rich girl who is trapped in her high class elegant lifestyle forced to marry a wealthy man who she does not love. Then by happenstance she runs into Jack Dawson and their love develops from there.The acting is magnificent. The movie was very well written and no expense was spared in bring Titanic back to life. Everything looks as elegant as it would have on the real Titanic. Parts of the story may be a bit cliché yet the movie is still very enjoyable.

Say what you will about the gooey love story, but do not contest the film being a masterpiece. Never has a film inspired such emotion in me, such a feeling of belonging to the thrills and struggles of the characters on the screen. The music, a rich blend of instrumental and vocal, is far from archaic. It inspires emotional power that would have otherwise been lost. The story is obviously well-researched, the images are heartbreaking and breathtaking, and, unlike many epics, Titanic is not arrogant, and it does not drag on. In fact, despite its being one of the longest movies I have ever seen, it felt rushed. It was over too soon. It was that good. I did not even think that the love story was that distracting from the grandeur. It was just another human aspect masterfully explored by the film: greed, hate, panic, and, above all, love, a love so profound, so passionate, that it should inspire viewers with envy, not laughter. No, Titanic is as close to flawless as anything can get. With characters that should rightfully be hated and loved, characters to whom we can all relate, a recapture of the world of the past and the ship itself synonymous to a time machine, and a story replete with comedy, tragedy, and thrill, Titanic is a classic that time can never erode, and that shall always inspire laughter and tears.

Titanic (1997)11 Academy Awards - Including Picture, Director and ScoreThe Number 1 Grossing Film Of All Time - $1,845,000,000.Titanic is a glorious achievement; this isn't a film. It's much more than a film; it's an experience. You yourself feel you are on that ship; your emotions, your mood corresponds that of the characters. James Cameron's direction is a technical triumph. The man did not only manage to put to use a $202,000,000 budget, capture never before built sets, but on top of all that he had to show us characters, feelings, stories, lives and the ultimate fate of a doomed liner. Cameron passes the test that really takes every cinematic element to the maximum. Forget all that now. When you walk into a cinema and sit down for 3 hours which only seem like 90 minutes, you will know why Titanic is the film it is. A masterpiece in every respect. Maybe not the greatest film ever made, but a nearly perfect cinematic achievement, in terms of storyline, focus and technical superiority."Grandeur and Love collide with an inevitable destiny in James Cameron's stunning masterpiece. Titanic. Best Film of 1997 and one of the most perfect films of recent years"

I avoided seeing this film for all of three years, due to the ludicrous amount of hype that surrounded it. I can now honestly say it was not worth the wait.  In his time, James Cameron has directed some classic films, Terminator, Aliens and The Abyss instantly spring to mind for their claustrophobia and generally tense atmosphere.  Titanic forgoes all said atmosphere and tension, relying on treacle-like sentimentality, and the unnecessary over-emphasis on special effects eclipses any innovation that his vision once had. All the money wasted on 'getting the little plates and cups manufactured by the original white star suppliers' could have been better spent getting the external deck sets to within 25% of their original size (5 1/2 foot high doors anyone?)

The sinking of the Titantic is actually quite interesting, as anyone who has read a well-written book about the event can tell you. This film tosses away that story and replaces it with a cornball teeny bop-per love story that makes one want to puke, all the while slandering historical figures (like J Bruce Ismay, whom James Cameron has falsely portrayed as a prototypical heartless and cowardly businessman) and some others unfortunate enough to be a target of Cameron's biases. In the end, Cameron's film so far removed from reality that it's unlikely anything it contains would ever be taken seriously by anyone looking for the historical facts. I mean, when was the last time Hollywood presented real history? Probably 1964 when they filmed The Longest Day, whose script was religiously close to Cornelius Ryan's book. Since then, not much. The fact that Cameron had to make up a subplot wouldn't have been so bad, had it remained a subplot to the story of the sinking, and had it been realistic rather than such a trite piece of romantic nonsense. Cameron had the opportunity to make a definitive account of this well-known event and totally blew it. To tell history you need someone who is dedicated to historical truth, not someone determined to make the audience reach for their collective handkerchiefs. Shame on you, Mr. Cameron. What a colossal waste.

For those of you who saw the Titanic in the theater you are brave. This movie is a rip of Romeo and Juliet, it contains the boy who is considered to be in the lower class while the women is a high class person. As the story goes on we get crappy flashbacks from the past to the present and hear an old lady explaining her true love. And to make it worse the movie is 3 hours and 19 minutes long making every second of the movie even more painful. When i first watched this movie at home i checked my watch every other second and got tired of the storyline and skipped scenes. In my opinion it would be just easier to cut the movie down to 2 hours and 10 minutes instead, but then again this is James Cameron. Known for making long movies and crappy story lines. He should of just skipped this project and focused more on the Terminator or Alien instead, at least those films have action to keep the movie moving. In conclusion the movie ends with jack dying while rose some how survives the cold water. Overall i would give this movie a 0 if i could but instead it gets a 1 out of 10.

Yeah, admitted, I love this movie. Which is nothing to be ashamed of; great movie, great directing, great set, great scale, great canvas, great story. Being a rookie filmmaker myself, I have many inspirations; but among my core favorites are Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, Batman (Joel Schumacher aside), and Titanic. Its the quintessential love story, and I don't think there is any particular scene, or even a single shot, that lacks superb creative insight.Given that, I can't bring myself to name a scene that wasn't powerful. True each scene was more powerful than the one before it, but it didn't lessen the awe factor. Visual effects were done as they should be, done so well that its difficult to tell where the line is - digital/real.The score is phenomenal, James Horner provides a compelling score to finally go with a compelling movie. (I mean, lets face it, his work for Jumanji and Troy was good, but the movies lacked). For me, the musical score is one of the four key components to a good movie - good script, good acting, good directing, and good musical score. Thats just my personal analysis. True Celine Dion doesn't do the love theme justice, but the love theme is just the icing on the cake. the opening montages of the ship in all its grandeur made it truly feel like reality. Magnificent, beautiful, with some Irish humor! (admit it, you loved the Irish!!!) Whats not to like about this movie? It takes everything likable about Romeo and Juliet and gives it the backdrop of one of the greatest and most tragic moments in history. That, ladies and gentlemen, makes a timeless epic.

I like this film and have watched it quite a few times and, if i'm watching it properly (i.e not doing homework or talking on the phone at the same time) the end always makes me cry...especially when (old) Rose says about only 6 out of so many thousand people being saved *sniff*it also has some comedy which makes it even better because i don't think films that are purely romantic are that good as they always end up being really mushy :)apparently they wanted to cast Matthew McConaughey, from How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days, as jack which i think would've ruined the film, but that might just be because you can't imagine the film without Leo!i give the film 8/10 because some bits are a bit strange but it's great to have a film that you can watch over and over again and still like!!

I don't get it. What was spectacular about Titanic? Sure, the special effects were nice for the time, but groundbreaking? Not in my book. The characters were... well likable. Not lovable, nor classic, but likable. The plot? Cookie-cutter. Poor boy meets rich girl, poor boy falls instantly in love with rich girl, rich girl does the same, poor boy dies (Seriously, were you not expecting someone to die. You knew the boat was going to sink). Throw in a historical tragedy, and Wam! Insta-plot. And it gets 11 Oscars. What happened? I mean, Titanic certainly wasn't a make-up Oscar for Cameron for T2.Titanic is one of those films where they intentionally stuff as many things to tug on the heartstrings as possible without actually being engaging or interesting. Pearl Harbor did the EXACT same formula, yet critics panned it.It's OK, yet not sensational in anyway.

Titanic is an awful movie. Why? Many reasons. Kate Winslet is a good actress, however Leo and the rest of the cast is just pathetic. Second, this tries and fails to be a period piece. Its not, there are too many inaccuracies to even begin to go into, this is a Hollywood piece, not a period movie. If you are an ignorant white suburban female, you'll cream your pants for this movie because you are n ignorant white suburban female. The ability of this movie to have that reaction makes it a stupid, terrible film, not a good film. Titanic is a really awful movie. I wish James Cameron and Kirk Cameron would get married.

It has kind of become the popular thing to kick Titanic, the film and its achievements. It's like the love it garnered on release and the colossal waves it made in the history of cinema, never happened, or as some want you to believe, doesn't matter. I can tell you now that many of my macho fuelled friends will privately, under the influence of liquid refreshments, admit to having affection for the film, but socially in a circle environment? Not a bit of it! I have no such problems admitting my love for the film, I love it as much now as I approach 50, as I did when I sat there in awe at the cinema in 1997.You jump - I jump.Titanic is far from flawless, where even now with the advancements in technology the effects over 15 years later look a touch creaky. While it's true as well that away from Rose and Jack the characterisations are thin on the ground. But this is Rose and Jack's story, fully fleshed out for an hour and half and then framed by the terrible tragedy that unfolds for the next hour and half. The tie-in to the present day is superbly constructed by James Cameron - the search for the diamond - the real life filming of the Titanic wreckage - and the flashback telling of the story by a delightful Gloria Stuart as old Rose, and the sinking of the ship and its aftermath is stunning and heart breaking in equal measure.Never let go.So may scenes and dialogue exchanges stay in the memory for ever. The band playing on, the captain awaiting his fate, the mother ushering her children to sleep before the sea comes to take them, the old boy drinking his brandy as the water rushes in, or just Jack and Rose, polar opposites in society's class structure, making love, making art or just professing that neither will ever let go. It's what makes Titanic the wonderful piece of cinema it is, where beauty and tragedy merge to create something forever memorable. A film that deserved all the accolades and cash till ringing that it once did have. 9/10

James Cameron creates a head spinning tale of romance and despair with the characters of Jack and Rose and the tragedy of the Titanic sinking. This movie is still captivating people everywhere over 15 years after its original release. If one is searching for a solely historical account of the Titanic sinking, then this is not the movie for them. While tying in key historical elements, Cameron has stated that Titanic was not meant to be a historical account but a love story. He does a wonderful job of combining the tragedy of the sinking and the story of forbidden lovers, but some historical events are not included. For example, many reviewers ask why Cameron did not include the Californinan shutting of its radio for the night. This scene was in fact filmed but then cut due to Cameron feeling that "If Titanic is powerful as a metaphor, as a microcosm for the end of the world in a sense, then that world must be self contained." However, if you are looking for a beautiful, heart wrenching love story with a historical setting, this is the movie for you. You can't help but to be swept up in the elegance of the period. The costumes and sets are lavish for the upper class and realistically drab for those of the lower class. The dialogue is excellent, seamlessly creating a beautiful story line. The special effects used along with gorgeous camera work produce shots upon shots of heart stopping images. Winslet and DiCaprio have undeniable chemistry and are extremely convincing in their roles of wealthy and poor, respectively.Overall, this film is a must see classic for people of all ages. I have seen it several times yet I always find something new to be in awe of. 10/10

I will not deny that the special effects and sinking ship drama (for the other passengers) are fantastic, but there are simply too many things in the remainder of the movie that tick me off, and prevent me from giving it a higher rating.The romance characters, dialogues and situations are way too cliché. The instant love at first sight scene? The "She's not for you" advice? The way Kate Winslet changes the moment she sees the rich woman mistreating her daughter? The evil fiancée? The lively and dancing 3rd class people? It is just far too silly and contrived.There's also one thing that bothers me. Everyone is happy that Leo and Kate are reunited at the end. Well, she got married and had kids, didn't she? So, that means she probably spend several years with a husband. So...instead of the father of her children, she wants to spend eternity with a guy she met as a teenager for 5(!) days? I'd be royally mad off if I was the guy.

I just went into the movie theatre to see my all time favourite movie, Titanic by James Cameron, in all its brilliance.It's just like those 15 years have never happened. It's so utterly sweeping to watch this huge vessel rising up in the screen. Cameron outstandingly managed to shoot his sequences comparing sizes against each other which - by their contrast - brings so much emotion to something we only perceive in real life: size.After watching the movie, I can't believe this is a 2D to 3D conversion. This is not just a diorama kind of 3D conversion; watching the movie it's hard to believe it was not shot in 3D originally. Even in real life action scenes Cameron stems the task of creating realistic 3D perspective throughout the movie. It must have been hell to mesh all the fringes in each and every of the frames. Well, as I learned now, it took 60 weeks and 18 Million dollars to work on this. That gamble payed off very well.Not to mention all the emotion that comes with the story. Cameron is a wizard of timing. One moment the audience is just deeply moved by romance, when it gets torn out right the next moment by fear, anger or laugh.This is a very emotional film. There are so many different fates one can as easily think his/her way into. In 1997 I have been crying about what I saw in a movie - I was baffled, because this happened for the first time in my life... Now in 2012 I was crying, laughing, fearing so much all the way again, together with my girl friend.We personally feel so much like Rose and Jack. There are so many details in the movie that match our situation, up to tiny things like dancing barefoot or the butterfly as a symbol for freedom at heart and escape from family's restrictions.To all those who don't like the movie, here's my advice: NEVER watch this film on TV! You can only appreciate this precious work of art in a movie theatre. - I never saw this movie on TV and I never will. But when it'll come back to the theatre's in a couple of years, I'll be right back to watch it there.

I may not make myself popular with this statement but I hate Titanic. One reason is that it is far too long for a Hollywood movie. It spends most of its time waffling on and on and on. I went to see it in the cinema when it released it 97, it didn't impress me then it doesn't impress me now. I have liked James Cameron's previous work like Terminator and True lies but he has really disappointed this time around.Now onto the good points. The last scene was so moving and the song My heart will go on is one of my favourites. Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet were very good in their roles. I feel that it should have been made like a documentary rather than a standard 90's disaster movie. On the other hand there are millions of titanic fans and I have been known to have unusual tastes in movies. Go and see it and decide for yourself

I don't see what all the hype is about this movie.  I think it's rather pointless that they spent so much time and effort to "re-create" the ship itself, make it as real as possible, and then create some stupid *fictional* love story to go along with it.I mean... the boat sank.  It takes 3 and a half hours to tell that story? Come on, get serious.  I've got better things to do.  Like rinse out my eyes with paint thinner.Ever wonder why Titanic made so much money?  Four words... Thirteen Year Old Girls.  That's all.  Who else is shallow enough to see this movie more than once?  My little sister, in fact, saw it eight times... EIGHT!  That's almost 26 hours wasted, watching that pansy DiCaprio whine about love.Do you realize that at $10.00 a ticket, 183,530,000 tickets were sold. Each ticket wasting 3.25 hours of the viewers lives, 596,472,500 hours have been wasted on this show, and that if each person lived an average of 70 years, 69,811 years, or 997 lives have been wasted watching the Titanic. James Cameron has effectively murdered 997 people.  I say we lynch him.

Actually reading a lot of the previous reviews (lots of them) has restored my faith in humanity.I half expected to read 'best film ever' which pops up far too often for average films that hollywood rams down people's throats.This film was so poor.  I'm generally a fan of Cameron and normally his writing is very good, but the sub plot to this film was appalling.  Why did Rose, who was meant to be English played by an English actress have a bad American accent.  Why did every Englishman/woman on the boat (which incredibly was an English ship you know, not American as the film tries to push) an evil nasty character.The acting was probably the worst in film history and the love story was so silly and badly done.  All the scenes on the boat looked like Hollywood stage sets.It's very disturbing that a film like this can win Oscar recognition.  It was bad enough that Braveheart won an Oscar, but that was much better than this.Film making and hype at its worst from a normally reliable director.

First, what baffles me about the film, before I have even reviewed it, was the MPAA rating. 'PG-13'? This film, no, this crap, does not deserve to be rated that. "There Will Be Blood" was rated 'R' for such little violence. It parts of Canada, it was rated 'PG'. This film has Much more violence than "There Will Be Blood" and sex and nudity. But due to it being a big Blockbuster movie, and the MPAA being terrible, It received the Rating of 'PG-13' instead of 'R'. This film has visual effects that are decent, and that's where the "PROS" List ends. The Acting makes me want to cut out my live with a spoon and feed it to myself. Leonardo DiCaprio didn't act at all in that movie. Kate Winslet was Passable, but thats not saying much. It was full of Cliché's that you'd see in a crappy Romantic Comedy. The Dialogue is crap. Why it was even nominated for an Academy Award baffles me. This film didn't even make the top 250 IMDb films! "Toy Story 2" even made it on that list! This film deserves to be wiped out like the Mayan Civilization only without any Ruins for them to be remembered.

Spoilers herein.I admit to a certain admiration of Cameron. Alone among special effects manipulators, he has a solid sense of what works cinematically. When he invests, he invests in a world. That world envelops us with its completeness and magnitude. It is the opposite of, say, Carpenter, who invests in the stage, in the world of the performer rather than the viewer.As far back as `Aliens' this talent has been apparent. This time, he sticks to the formula of a simple story annotated by all sorts of associations. No second plotline. No ambiguities or any questions open for viewer judgment. But he is sensitive to this I think and that is why he chose the most promising young actors that know something about narrative folding. That's where you act both in the space of the story and the world of the viewer. Kate in `Creatures' and Leo in `Romeo' did this. Kate has since grown to master it. His intent is underscored by making the color of her hair more brilliant. I don't know why yet, but this seems to signal such acting, at least in women.But alas, except for the brief scene where Leo draws her - a natural situation for this type of acting - it is absent. Probably Cameron intended something deeper and more nuanced but just couldn't manage it. In this case as well as that of the ship, the vast machine wins.Ted's Evaluation -- 2 of 4: Has some interesting elements.

Any human being who considers "Titanic" to be among the top 250 films of all time should be strapped to a chair in a small room and be forced to watch any Tom Cruise vehicle several hundred times.  In pan 'scan format.Like so many awful Best Picture winners which came before it, "Titanic" does a horrible injustice to its so-called intended "heroes"... in this case, by stereotyping them, making them dispensible.The most recent B.P. winner to have borrowed this technique is Costner's aberration, "Dances With Wolves," which pretended to be about the plight of the Native Americans, whose country we literally stole from them, and turning it into a fable about how one __white__ man rises above his equals to "appreciate" the former.  See "Black Robe," "Little Big Man" or "Soldier Blue" instead.The politically~correct "Driving Miss Daisy" suffers the same fate: it should be about Freeman's character, which is infinitely more interesting than Tandy's."Forrest Gump" is nearly as insulting, by changing the book in such away as to take the worst of Gump's traits and failings and foisting them on the Robin Wright Penn's "Jenny" character, leaving sweet Forrest a saint and Jenny a slut.  "Pulp Fiction," also released in 1994 has already had a greater effect on filmmaking than "Gump" ever will.And __that's__ not even Tarantino's best film!Despicable.While we're at it, let's add to this list of garbage which has recently won Best Picture: Mel Gibson's lamentable "Braveheart," which, while sporting excellent large~scale battle scenes, is nearly entirely fictional.More proof that Hollywood's elite still like guys who've paid their dues in front of the camera."Gandhi"???  Don't even get me started on that Best Costume Design Oscar, let alone its B.P.The trend may have begun in 1939, with the single most overrated flick of all time ["Gone With The Wind" of course] beating out at least seven better films made in the same year.~Niro

Titanic Is A Commercial Movie With Half Naked Woman Scene &194 Minutes Of Absolute Boredom & Back Ache.I Saw This DVD and I could not tolerate sitting more than 3 hours like a couch potato for a commercial movie that is filled with boredom.Titanic Has Sex Scene Of Half A Naked Woman Posing Half Nude For The Painting. This Scene Caused The Movie To Be Purely Commercial & Perhaps Rated R For Nudity.In My Opinion James Cameron's Movie Could Have Been So Much Better Without This Unnecessary Nudity Scene Unless He Wants To Attract People To Seeing It. We Know Very Much How Nudity & Sex Sells!.

it wasn't satisfying enough for me, boring and repetitive. the character of jack seemed to far fetched although a true story, the ship sank and that is the only bit of truth, the fact that we had to wait 3 hours just for a ship to plunge into the depths of the ocean whilst watching a boring and unromantic love story just really didn't appeal to me. i really do not recommend you watch this unless you want to be involved with boring and unreal plot lines that to be frank are all just her words. do not watch this appalling film.By matthew

An Open Letter to 20th Century Fox, James Cameron, Leonardo de Caprio and Kate Winslet:Dear Production Company, Sirs and Neato Breast Package:I am writing you to notify you that I have finally finished watching Titanic after repeated attempts over the past 7 years to watch it. It took approximately 23-30 separate cracks at viewing it, right where I left off to complete this task. I know that this might seem an overly long time to view all 194 minutes but I assure you the task was accomplished as fast as I possibly could. If you wouldn't mind terribly I have a few comments that may or may not be helpful to anyone reading this:* I really loved the 15 minutes of present day Rose talking to the diving crew (Bill Paxton and Suzy Amis) that appeared throughout the movie. I found everyone in those segments to be amazingly brilliant actors, and the scenes heartwarming, poignant and emotionally beautiful. * If you stopped right there it would have been a great masterpiece. * The choice to ruin such a wonderful movie short with 189 minutes of purely agonizing, torturous hell no doubt had a significant upwards impact on the suicide / murder rate of 1997. * I think I speak for everyone on this - if you killed Leonardo de Caprio in the opening credits even that would have been too much face time. * In the Director's cut DVD, even if Kate Winslet's nudey scene replaced 185 minutes of the 189 minutes of agony, it wouldn't have been enough of an apology for the remaining pain inflicted upon the audience. * In the ending credits Kevin Owers was mistakenly listed as Steward #3. He was actually Steward #4. Mark Capri was Steward #3. Only an imbecile would have made such a silly gaffe as Kevin and Mark look quite different. * Not even five minutes into watching it, I've never rooted so hard for an iceberg in all my life. * Never did I understand why there is a 7 day waiting period to purchase a firearm until the 12th attempt at watching Titanic. * The movie might have been a lot better if Leonardo pushed Kate off the railing in the "King of the World scene" and the whole thing played out as a murder mystery with a British cast actor playing the inspector. * Leonardo de Caprio was in the movie. WHY?! If you hate us so much why don't you just make a Death Ray Laser and blow up the world. Make the pain go away you $%#@!er! * A mime could have done a better job with a halogen light, water-filled bath tub, rubber ducky and a toaster. And more people would have liked it even though it was done by a mime. * There was a distinct lack of blood sucking zombies in the movie. Except for Leonard de Caprio. Actually he didn't really suck, that would have required talent and effort... * For $200 million dollars you really skimped on the iceberg, Cameron. It should have been much bigger. A chihuahua could have been hit by that thing and come away without a limp. * Celine Dion would have been most affective as Frozen Bobbing Corpse #35 instead of letting her sing! * You forgot to put a camera in the car! You're useless you know that? * Leonardo de Craprio was in the movie. You *bleep!*ersHopefully you found some of this feedback worth reading.Sincerely, Vincent B. Navarino Owner/Operator of the Navarino Unincorporated.com websitePS. Immediately after completing my 7 year quest to complete your god awful movie I taped over it with WB's Gilmore Girls.

What a stinker! I know that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is a private club and only members can vote for Oscars. We, the viewing public, buy our tickets and have our opinions. I have watched the Oscars show on TV since they first let us in on their big night. It is fun to watch the show and hope for our favorites, but it is not a peoples' choice award show. I have been disappointed many times and happy many times with the winners of the coveted prize. But never so disappointed and shocked at the the winning of 11 Oscars for "Titanic" One Oscar for special effects, maybe, but the other 10, ridiculous. The blue heart.. Yikes! I can't understand how anyone other than girls between the ages of 10 and 12 could have liked this awful movie.

I remember the hysteria and crazy hype around the movie in 1997-98. Terrible. Normal film critics got frightened and wrote adoring lines about it. They were afraid of mad fans and Estonia is a small country you know... Plain characters, banal plot, idiotic mistakes about historical facts (Picassos famous cubist painting "Maids of Avignon" sank in Titanic, as you you know from the movie now!!!), huge model of the ship and big big money for brainwashing -- thats all. Artistically the movie was more a TV series cut together than movie for cinemas. And don't forget the harm the movie made for movie industry. Before it even big studios tended to make more experimental movies -- Tarantino was discovered for example. After it they all started to make stupid blockbusters, everyone wanted to make his own "Titanic". It all went really wrong.

Really, why all the commotion over this movie? This schmaltzy soap opera bubble gum puke is way overlong, with every character some cartoon cliche'. With dialouge so frickin' corny that just made me want to throw a brick through my TV screen. Even at the end, that rotten, stupid cow could have let Leo share the plank she was on, but no, she decides to let him die! What the hell is up with that! When are people going to realize that all the special effects in the world aren't going to compensate for jejune scripts such as this one. It too bad that Cameron didn't line a few bird cages with his script to this manipulative, sugar coated bore-feast, if he would have, it would have put to good use.

There are many who say Titanic is "overrated", "over-hyped" or some might inexplicably go as far to say "boring" and "pointless". The hardly arguable biggest blockbuster of the 90s, grossing near 2 billion at the box office and winning 11 Academy Awards including Best Picture, has attained some hate from people over the years, people who love to hate this movie for everything they so wrongly think it is not and never will be. It has, however, attained a very positive social status among a lot of people whom their hearts were captured by this masterpiece. Those people can see just how magnificent of a movie this really is, and how underrated a classic it appears to be in today's film society; a dazzling and striking accomplishment in itself and never overlooked, but unfairly maligned by many.The movie, aside from being set on the Titanic and called Titanic, actually has a love story that renders up most of the movie time, as most would already know. This love story, is positively brilliant in every sense of the word. I am always amazed and captivated to watch it play out on screen, because Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, who were furiously snubbed out of Best Actor/Actress awards, have wonderful chemistry, giving me chills in lots of scenes, and they both separately give incredulous performances that enthrall and charm every step of the way as well. These two characters' strong likability, along with James Cameron's directing and the entirely fascinating special effects make this movie something much more than mere entertainment. The movie is excellently executed in the best manner it could be, the Bill Paxton and Gloria Stuart present day story being very interesting as well, and a lot of the film's aspects are quite simply riveting and awe-inspiring whether it's the love story, the intensity in all the performances or the infamous, brilliantly portrayed sinking and sets that give true heart to the story of the Titanic and shows it's revelation quite undeniably like any other film on the subject.While "My Heart Will Go On", receiving the Academy Award for Best Original Song, has attained some criticism from people as well, it makes the perfect score and theme song for every scene it is used in regarding the movie, especially the climax, which has had millions in tears, had me in tears, and always has me in tears when I watch it, even if it is not the saddest movie of all time, because it isn't. It's a film about love, a film about disaster, a film about memories, and it is beautifully shown how all of those three attributes tie into peoples' lives, but I am not melancholy, I am merely pleased with how stunning of a film it is, and how remarkably well it has held up over the years, not being overthrown by any blockbusters in recent years in likes of quality, in my honest opinion. James Cameron, even if not one of my favorite directors, is very talented and it shows with this movie. I do not understand a lot of the reasons why so many hate this, or do not find it as remarkable of a film as fans like me do, but I ensure you, this movie will always have a place in my heart, and will go down as a classic, already has even and will contine to whether haters like it or not, because of how many people were touched by it and are still touched by it. Underrated, powerful, breath-taking movie that, since holding up in quality on every watch, I intend to love for many more years to come.

I saw the hype of this movie and immediately thought it would be too much, and I decided not to see it in theatres. I made a huge mistake. In 2001, I saw it on television and couldn't believe it. This movie has an amazing script that kept me watching. The love story made me sigh and cry! Not saying what happens! Even though most people already know. Might be spoilers ahead! Anyways, the Jack and Rose story was enough for me, but after Titanic hit the iceberg it was like a completely different movie! I loved how they kept the love story "afloat" (haha) while the ship was sinking. There are so many elements to this movie that I can't even explain. Every time I watch it, I cry for Jack. Every single time. The fact that he loved her enough to sacrifice his life.. Wow. I mean, I can't get a man to open a door for me! Let alone, give me the door to float on while he freezes to death! That's love. The way this film plays out is amazing. All the special effects, the costumes, the acting! Don't even get me started about the acting! And even things right down to the sound the Lookout's bell makes. But.. I have to say, after the 80th time I watched the movie (or around there somewhere) I started to notice that some of the lines are just a little bit TOO cheesy. But that really is the only flaw in the 194 minutes of perfection. Some people I know won't watch the film because of the long running time. But I think if it was any shorter I wouldn't be satitsfiyed. i really wouldn't. All in all, this movie is beautiful. It makes me feel things I almost never feel.Complete perfection

...WELL, maybe that's a slight stretch - but hey, I'm sure there were (and are) numerous good reasons for this movie's unprecedented success, like mainly: the invincible combination of two "hot" young actors; an established action/adventure director; a bloated budget that nevertheless served to show off some seriously cutting-edge sets, costumes, effects, etc; a classic love story set against one of the most tragic backdrops in early-twentieth-century history; and, of course, leading from all aforementioned reasons, the sheer curiosity from countless critics and moviegoers alike, to see just exactly what all the hype was about - which obviously paid off, making it the highest-grossing film worldwide (still! After nearly a decade!), and one of three tied record holders for the most Oscars won by a film.Yes, I understand that box-office status does not necessarily reflect quality (though I think recent failed releases like "Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo" prove otherwise); however, I'm of the opinion that maybe - just maybe - the massive mainstream viewing public got it right one time.

Why did this movie made 600million dollars at the box office?it's because you people loved it.Why is this movie only rate 6.9 out of 10?It's because 10 000 people in the world didn't like it and those 10 000 votes on IMDb and the hole world would've voted on IMDb for titanic this movie would've been and 8.8 out of 10.Why is this movie not in the top 250?Well because there is not enough voters on IMDb.I don't know why people didn't like this wonderful masterpiece.Maybe because you don't like love stories and who ever doesn't shouldn't of watch this one then and go do bad comments on it.And maybe people didn't like it because it is a remake, well get over it, I like this one way more then the 1953 version and plus I like all the remakes because if Iwonna watch Walking tall well I have the choice between the good one or the bad oneI don't know why people didn't like the story.I think the story is great there could'nt of been a better one that shows the gigantic boat (titanic) sink in the middle of the Atlantic.Every thing is wonderful about this movie, the actors,the characters, the music, the visual effects, the scenery, and every thing else.Leonardo DiCaprio should've gotten en award for his great performance and Kate Winslet should've gotten one too.

Titanic was massive, and so is the movie. Watched it again, after a long time, still as pure as in 1997.Love, emotions, sacrifices, dialogue, screenplay, acting...and, slowly movie will takeover you.You can watch this after a decade too, it will feel as fresh as before. Kate and Leo is wonderful as Rose and Jack.Movie depict the downfall of huge titanic and evergreen love story of Jack and Rose and James you nailed it.And wait a love story cant be completed without a song. Celine Dion did a true justice for this movie.Really a masterpiece.Whether you like watching love stories or not, do watch this.I bet you wont get disappointed.Its a must watch before you die.

Titanic is my personal favorite film...ever. It uses the best special effects and technology of it's time and even though those aspects are outdated now, I still find myself drawn in. I'm drawn in after so many years because of the great talent of Kate Winslet and Leo Dicaprio and their great chemistry together. Those two, combined with the fantastic music, artistic direction, storyline, along with the technological aspects I've already mentioned creates an incomparable cinematic experience. I have never been so captivated by a single piece of media, before or since. I think it's the best...bottom line.

Having read real accounts of the Titanic disaster from eyewitnesses, as in Walter Lord's stellar book A Night to Remember, I can only laugh at how ludicrous James Cameron's rendition of this historical event was. All for sensationalism and turned into a mega-soap opera. Focusing on the plight of two 1990's teenagers decked out in costumes as if they inhabited 1912 but nobody was fooled. The whole thing was ludicrous as they slogged their way for hours in freezing ocean water in soaked clothing, ending up in the ocean of course -- but only she was saved. The only good part of this movie "disaster" was the first few minutes where they showed the salvage operation on the real Titanic.

This film should of never won best picture. This was just a glamorized version of pretty women. Special effects were good in this movie and deserved any awards that they got. But if you look at the other films that year like L.A. Confidential, Good Will Hunting, and As Good As it Gets. Those are original films that deserved the best picture award. I don't know how anyone can watch L.A. Confidential and not wonder why that film did not win best picture. Good thing the acting in Titanic did not win any awards because there were about one hundred better performances that year before you get to the first one in Titanic. James Cameron is overrated. Yes the terminator films were classics, but Curtis Hanson really should of got the award for Best Director.

Don't wanna bother too much with this one, so I'll give 2 points for the technical part.Ship sinking - good, and so on. As for the rest: childish screenplay,idiotic intrigue,a good-hearted Robin Hood Picasso--DeCaprio in a relationship with Ms.Rich Bitch (I thought this looked like a lesbian relationship, with Winslet being the dominant partner).As for the depiction of the class issue,it reminded me of some Communist propaganda stories.The whole feel of the movie is second-rate sentimentalism.The other characters are incredibly one-sided (Billy Zane looks like a Bond villain and the rich people are the worst bastards I have ever seen).1 billion dollars wasted in a giant corny video-clip.This movie made me sick.As for Celine Dion and her over-hyped song...no comment,except I had no idea that cheesy and corny are the qualities needed for an Oscar-winning song.Now I know. Actors were really alright,but the movie is so melodramatically over the top that it's just insulting....

... and yet not nearly fast enough. When this movie first splashed onto the big screen, I was in the middle of the prime target: young, teenaged girls who all too easily swooned over the new "it" guy, Leo, and wanted a taste of "adult" love. Thank heavens I somehow missed it on that round, only to have one of my friends pull it out nearly a decade (has it really been so long?) later for a girl's night. I was stunned. The hype created by the Oscars and gushing of my peers set this movie on a pinnacle from whence the movie plummeted to the bottom of the ocean to join its namesake. If only they had left the story there. The first TWO HOURS were spent dilly-dallying aimlessly along the ship following Rose,a girl who is deprived a life by her dominating fiancée, her conniving mother, and ultimately her own self. She goes back and forth from suicidal to "equal rights" to "you are not of my element" with schizophrenic dexterity. I have great admiration for Kate Winslet, but this character was gratingly awful to watch. Mr. DiCaprio was little more than a pretty face during the movie. His lack of drive proves him not a knight in shining armor, but meh, he's just not as bad as the villain. And somehow, they fall madly into doomed love because *gasp* the ship is going to sink! So now, the ship has fiiiiinally begun to sink, but wait! You still have another HOUR to watch the main people get stuck, cut to people drowning, oh wait Rose and Jack are safe, cut to more drowning. Oh wait, the ships still sinking, so Rose and Jack aren't safe again, oh they're safe, wait no..... DIE ALREADY! So after three hours, Rose finally says I'll never let go! upon which she immediately lets go and is magically found unfrozen in a colony of frozen solid bodies. Yes, its amazing how it goes.So why 2 stars? I'll chalk it up to the romantic notion behind the ship, which has managed to still fascinate people a century later. The recreation of detail was admittedly stunning, although I got just as much out of a Titanic mystery computer game. Normally, even if I don't care for a movie, I'd say knock yourself out if you still wanna see it, but at 3 painful hours long, I'd definitely go with a no.

Well this movie took me away from reality from the moment the lights dimmed in the movie cinema. But that was only because i saw a decent trailer for some action flick i would never see. Bucause lets face you just know how there going to end. But titanic started and by that time I thought all the hype was going to be worth it.Instead, i was treated to 194 minutes of clichéd romance and crappy songs by equally crappy recording "artists". All 194 minutes of this to boil down to what we all knew was going to happen. THE SHIP SANK.So by now I've left the cinema picturing James Cameron rolling around in pools of money and laughing as he watches us on a 13 meter television set from inside a hollowed out volcano.The only good thing about this movie was watching Leonardo Decaprico drown in icy cold water (because they couldn't possibly share a huge chunk of wood). Not because he's a bad actor, i just enjoy watching rich actors die.

I thought this movie was unbelievably great. I say unbelievably because I'm all into sci fi, comedy, and action adventure movies. I always disliked dramas and romances. However, this movie moved me in like a trillion different ways. So i never thought I'd like it and I didn't. I loved it! OK, Leonardo DeCaprio. I had honestly never seen one of his movies. I think he was amazing and he should have been Anakin Skywalker in starwars II/III. Nice.Kate Winslet did fantastic and her character grew throughout the movie from the snobby brat to the down to earth person she became. I thought she was perfect for the role.I highly recommend this movie its very well put together, the sound track is amazing, I can't get that song out of my head! I saw it about 15 minutes ago and I'm still affected. Wowz.10/10 hands down to the bottom of the sea!William

I wasted 3 hours of my life watching this pap and i want them back. bad acting too a bad script with a bad soundtrack smeared on top why? the money they spent making this pooh could have been better spent ending world hunger/poverty which it probably would have done 3x over so why? why? why?????????????? bottom line piece of sh*t this movie is a piece of sh*t!!One day I had a crap and it was ultimately more enjoyable than this utter excrement, it also sunk like a ship hitting an iceberg.Also, Kermit the Frog would have been better cast in the role Leanardo De CRAPrEEEOOO played and Ms Piggy could just as well have played the part Kate Winslet portrayed.

Bloated neo-romantic crap are other fine discriptors of this movie. I honestly puke my guts out whenever the word titanic is mentioned. Hype, insulting plot, NON-Period sets, terrible lame dialogue, FAKE history all make this the worst blockbuster this side of phantom menace. Why do people like this movie so much? Really, pop-crap is what this is, nothing more. People proclaim James Cameron as some good director - this is the guy that directed "Piranha Part Two: The Spawning" for crying out loud! And if I see him on one more titanic type special I'm going to puke. Honestly, he already made a trillion dollars off of one shipwreck, can't he leave it alone already? Titanic sucks, OK? TITANIC SUCKS

I held off on viewing Titanic until it was let out on tape. I had heard horror stories from friends and colleagues. They spoke of oceans of tearfilled faces and groups of 12 year old girls singing along with that god-awful Celine Dion song. So I dodged the theaters until a friend bought the tape. Out of morbid curiosity to see this "epic" film, I borrowed the tape, and sat down to watch it with her. My lord, it was the LONGEST freakin' piece of schlock I have ever seen. As my friend began to sob after the death of Leonardo, I got about as emotional as I do when I watch those AT&T long-distance commercials. You know, the ones where a little boy in L.A. talks to his daddy who is on a business trip in New York. And the boy always tells his father, "I love you, daddy.", then the music cues to pictures of the teary-eyed father. Well, I saw a parallel between the commerical and movie Titanic. Both are contrived, blatantly staged, and chocked full of cardboard characters. The film was a filthy attempt to contort and force the emotions of the lowest common denominator. An striking example of this film's attempt to grab people and literally wrench the tears out of them come with the scene where the frozen, dead mother cradles her frozen child in her arms. Had this scene been in any fillm where the emotions were not completely artificial, I would have cried. But the fact is that this film was devoid of any real, heart-felt emotion. So when I saw this scene, I felt nauseous and grew full of spite. I now loathe Cameron for his utterly plastic,  inhumane protrayal of the Titanic disaster. Yet it appears he tapped a class of people bountiful enough to garner Titanic in excess of 600 million dollars in the states alone. I never knew America was so replete with people of such bad taste, people who would not only like, but view repeatedly this sad excuse for cinema. I weeped after seeing Titanic, but not do to its shoddy screenplay or horrifically unrealistic acting and emotions. I weeped for America, and the death of American filmmaking. I weeped knowing that such a film could garner accolades and billions of dollars, and that this bounty would push studios to make bigger films with smaller characters, crappy scripts and pretty faces devoid of ability that would pack seats no matter the quality of the film. (Here comes the TITANIC melodrama.) I could see a future where Coppola, Kubrick, and Malick stood on the gallows, pleading to the masses, now anesthetised and made prostrate by Springer and the numerous Titanic sequels. The directors voiced there thoughts on the death of intellect in America, then the masses let them hang as they chanted "Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!"Cue "My Heart Will Go On" and the sobbing girls.

One of the monuments of the cinema which won 11 Oscars in Hollywood in 1998, a huge success (well deserved) all over the world. The revelation of two actors until then virtually unknown. This is James Cameron' masterpiece. He chose to relate the tragedy of the Titanic that took place on the 12th of April 1912, through the intermediary of a love story lived between a wealthy and pretty young woman (Kate Winslet) and a modest painter (Léonardo Dicaprio). Cameron succeeds in making it fascinating in the first part of the movie. The love between "Jack" and "Rose" is so strong that can hardly believe the Titanic will bump into an iceberg and will sink. It's also together with a model bravery that the two lovers will try to escape the ship's sinking (although historically accurate).Léonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet will stay among the famous mythical couples in the cinema's history. It's obvious that they are between the hands of a conscientious and carefully organized film-maker. James Cameron doesn't leave anything high and dry. He adopted a sustained rhythm not spoiled by the enormous means that he's got. It's useless to say that he masters them perfectly thanks to an important budget. Not only has this budget enabled a meticulous reconstruction of the ship but it has also enabled a reconstruction from the traditional life in 1912 with its contrasts, its oppositions. Moreover, the movie enjoys an outstanding performance from all the actors, even the minor ones and several sequences and dialogs don't lack humor.But "Titanic" is also a limited place where takes place the confrontation of two different worlds: the proletarians and the middle-class persons. This confrontation is particularly well described during the ship's sinking: the rich are by the lifeboats whereas the poor are still inside the ship and they're forbidden to go outside.The second part of the movie is remarkably well filmed and follows a logical advance based on the increase of fear and distress. Cameron emphasizes particularly on the madness that spread to the passengers but also on the officers. Little by little, these last ones are becoming mad (one of them will kill unwittingly one of the passengers who was trying to get into a lifeboat). Besides, a few touches make the movie surrealist (the four musicians keep on playing while the ship's sinking)The other obvious qualities: a gorgeous music, some smart costumes. At the end, a movie that creates a deep emotion and where everything contributes to a perfect success.

Are there lesser films in execution and entertainment? Of course. But I felt a "One" vote was deserved here for the overratedness of this movie by box-office and awards. I think the Oscars should be embarrassed this won all those Oscars, including Best Picture. As another commenter pointed out, it is funny that such a bloated film won "Best Editing". Honestly, this winning Best Picture would be like "Ghost" winning that award: a popular, sappy movie with pretty leads.. Only this lacks the actually humorous Whoopi...The "romance" is laughable. I like Winslet. She has at least tried to steer clear of this type of stuff since. Actually, mostly, so has DeCrapio...Malcolm X and Gandhi's lives: those are worthy of three hours(plus) of film..NOT this "eternal romance"..Some people are simply impressed by the sinking. I'm sorry, but if there isn't one person on the ship I care about, the sinking does not mean much to me. Spectacle? Try nature. Go watch a volcano...BTW, I will say I think it is hilarious that people refer to Winslet as a "cow" in this because she isn't an anorexic actress. I honestly initially was perplexed whom they were even referring to, because Bates isn't even all that fat. Like they wouldn't want Kate as their girlfriend? Come on...I would certainly never want to see this one again...The script fails to portray an "eternal love". Rather it gives us a bit of lust. While it is believable Winslet doesn't want to be permanently with Zane, why she has to be with Leo is not shown...I t is encouraging that this is not in the IMDb Top 250...Perhaps the worst film to ever win Best Picture.

This is probably the best example of a critic's grudge against a terrific film. Yes, the love story is clichéd and unoriginal. So what? Everything else is flawless. The effort James Cameron spent with the historical accuracy is commendable at least. Not so many times we can see a film set in a certain time period with appropriate costumes, set designs, silverware, etc. Even the actors were cast to be almost identical to their real life counterparts. Unlike other reviewers, I didn't find the dialog bad at all. There are no lines passing for catch phrases, like in other big budget movies. The visual effects, I'm speechless just to think about them. Even the love story, cheesy as it is, was greatly written, like in the old days. The acting was great, almost obliged to be great. The characters were amazingly portrayed, and Cameron made sure every single death would ache your heart (except for Lovejoy), something nobody really can do nowadays. Of course, there is the nude scene with Kate Winslet, something for all those pre-teens out there, and the little sex scene inside the coach. Aside of building up the romance between Rose and Jack, both scenes prove to be a little pointless. Even though, James Cameron is who actually draws the Rose picture, so that really gives more of an artistic merit. Music, well, it's good, and I don't mean just that song you all know. James Horner's score is actually very good, part of his list of great works.One critic spotted several technical errors in the movie, one of them being the sun's position during the "I'm flying!" sequence at the wrong side. But hey! If you want to find the bad stuff, you'll find it. That's not what film-making is about. You don't go to the theater to shred to pieces any single movie you see (we got MST3K for that). Titanic is one of those few movies that is timeless to this day. I can only compare it to Casablanca, or more specially to Gone With the Wind. It's larger than life, it's long as hell, but it's enjoyable every single time you see it (I forgot how many times I've seen it on TV alone).

I've always enjoyed the British version, "A Night to Remember," based on Walter Lord's popular book. Yes, it's black and white, and a bit dated, but it's a straightforward telling of an awesome disaster.The 1953 Hollywood version was a boring soap opera which was set aboard the Titanic simply so that some exciting and dramatic scenes could be tacked on at the end.This one is more like the Hollywood version, only with a budget extended to the power of n. What a wreck! In some shots the ship doesn't seem the size of a man-made artifact at all. It seems impossibly huge, twenty leagues long. When the stern rises into the air and a figure falls from the fantail, the figure dwindles down toward the sea which seems a million miles away, and vanishes except for a minuscule white spot marking its splash point. The Titanic in this movie is colossal, stupendous, magnificent, gargantuan, or -- in a word -- titanic.Before the f/x-resplendent climax we endure a romance between a lower-class handsome young man and a pretty, rich young lady. Now, few people realize this, but this is the first cinematic exploration of the theme of True Love overcoming Class Distinctions. Yes, it's true. Love conquers all and you can be sure that threepence or so will be no more than grist for its mill.The film's full of stereotypical character and they're not worth going into. Well, one example -- the wealthy coward who tries to buy his way into a lifeboat. More examples. (There are so many.) Here are the two lovers clinging to the flagstaff as they plung into the see. "This is where we first met!", she says breathlessly. Earlier the couple find a brand new automobile in the cargo. He leaps into the driver's seat and beeps the ancient horn gaily, as in a Walt Disney movie. She sits elegantly in the coach. "Where to?" he asks. "Take me to the stars!," she chirps. There's a subplot involving a stolen jewel, straight out of Basil Rathbone's Sherlock Holmes movies. Basically this is a megabuck special effects extravaganza built around a B-movie script.So much is lost. Like the irony of the California, sitting a few miles away, watching and misinterpreting the Titanic's distress rockets. The piling up of personal telegrams that kept the radio officer too busy to tend to the ice warnings.The Titanic disaster was an interesting lesson in sociology though, factually speaking. Women and children only, right? Very gentlemanly. Very Edwardian.And most of the women in first class passage were in fact saved. A far lesser proportion of women and kids in second class were saved, and only a handful from third class. You can actually MEASURE the relative impact of social class, gender, and age.I don't want to make this film sound like the catastrophe that the Titanic's first voyage was. If you liked, say, "Pearl Harbor," you'll probably like this. It has pretty much the same structure.There's something else that occurred to me while watching this though. When should we just leave the real Titanic alone? Some years ago, Telly Savalas was featured in a TV program called something like, "Treasures from the Titanic," in which he displayed and described items retrieved from the wreck and the surrounding sea floor. Savalas gave his best imitation of a carnival barker. You know, smiling, holding up a boot for the camera, pronouncing, "This was somebody's shoe. Imagine. Someone wearing this shoe as the stately liner made its final descent." The disarticulated carcass of the Titanic is a giant necropolis, filled with human remains and, who knows?, benthic ghosts. It's a burial ground of sorts. Should we really go searching among the bodies for watches and gold teeth?

What a dog! A wonderful exercise by Hollywood in wrapping a tedious love story around an historical event in order to sell tickets. The two stars spend the whole of the film in breathless mode trying to inject some life into this corpse whilst we are "treated" to an occasional reference back to the Titanic disaster in order to gain some credibility. No cliché is left unturned in this film, from long lingering shots of the lovers to the wailing drone of the title song endlessly inserted when we are supposed to feel the helplessness of their love. When I saw this film, people actually cheered when the ship went down - we would have cheered more if it went down in the first five minutes. Meaningless fodder for the intellectually challenged.

Why is this the biggest grossing movie of all times? Why was this movie academy awarded?I cannot tell, in all honesty. Maybe it's just me, being male and stuff. I was told by women how unromantic it was not to love this movie.
There is nothing new to the moviegoer: Here we have a disaster happening. Almost everybody will die at the end of the movie - and hey, we know all about it even before going to the movie. And as with every proper disaster movie, we will get to know everybody so we care when they die.Problem here: After having to watch the cast for what seemed to me like 3 hours I really looked forward for the ship to sink...

Many people complain about the problems regarding this film. A flimsy script, flat characters, over-hype, etc. . . But it's still a good film. In comparison to the cinematic garbage that is being churned out of Hollywood today, Titanic is a landmark production. The two making the film as excellent as it is are both James Cameron and James Horner. The scenes are well done, the music fitted excellently to them, and the acting is done finely. Titanic is a *good* movie.

Well, it's been a year since my last review of this film (this is review #3).  I saw "Titanic" on the big screen in 1997, and bought the DVD when it came out (which I still watch from time to time, maybe about twice/year)."Titanic" still works for me as an epic spectacle and blockbuster.  The love story is OK, I don't really care... this is the movie to watch for eye candy and epic scope, not emotion.  I never did get caught up in any sobby or sentimental emotions with this film.  The overall story isn't bad... yes, some of the lines are cheesy and the dialog is corny, so what?  The low point of the film has to be DiCaprio sinking beneath the waves... not sad at all to me, but so what?"Titanic" stands as a fabulous spectacle and a great movie watching experience.  The years have not diminished that in the least, and the special effects couldn't be done any better today than they were in 1997. The nit-pickers are still picking, 'sentimentalists' are still getting outraged at the 'realists' bashing the film, and I'm still sitting back and enjoying a couple times a year a film that was highly overrated at the Oscars (so what else is new) but where every penny of the budget shows on the screen... the spectacle of it... the scope, it can sweep you away.  Turn your brain off, turn the lights down, and enjoy on the biggest possible screen.9/10 pieces of popcorn from this 38 year old male.

This is not a film, this is a life experience. Simply THE BEST PICTURE EVER MADE,, NOTHING CAN TOP IT, MY ABSOLUTELY FAVORITE MOVIE BY FAR!!!!!

A typical James Cameron movie, i.e. all style, no substance, and excruciatingly long. Plot is basic - love story set against the Titanic tragedy, that's it. Just basically drifts for 3.25 hours around that central plot. The direction is all about the amazing special effects, another Cameron trademark.On the plus side, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are excellent in the lead roles, and their interaction is spot-on. This movie pretty much launched their careers (well, in DiCaprio's case, shifted it up several notches).

Titanic and Avatar are very different. One is about a forbidden love aboard a doomed ship. The other is about humans trying to exploit an alien race in order to profit. Yet both have something very similar in common: they are criticized for having unoriginal stories.Titanic is a love story about a doomed couple. People complain that it's been done before (Romeo and Juliet) and that it's boring. They only enjoy the second half which consists of everyone dying. I'm here to say that is an unfair call.THE GOODThere's nothing wrong with an unoriginal story, as long as the execution is good. After all, we're running out of original stories. Even Shakespeare had a tendency to take other people's stories. He just told them really well. So, is Titanic well executed? yes, on the most part. While it does have it's flaws, I think the bulk of the film is amazing. It's well paced, the characters are well-developed, the cinematography is awe-inspiring, and the conflict is one that continues to exist today (people being forced into loveless relationships due to different pressures). Like Romeo and Juliet, this film is a classic.THE BADThis is a nitpick. Cameron decided to make the film as if an older Rose is telling a captain the story via flashback. That's fine and it works well the entire film. But the ending is just rushed and not much of a lesson like ti should have been. The Captain of the submarine crew should have disposed of the Heart of the Ocean, not Rose. That way it would show Rose's lesson got through to someone. Why even introduce the Captain and a conflict if they're just going to be forgotten at the end of the film.Once again, a nitpick, but the movie is three hours. Why is the ending so rushed? I just wished they could have gave the future part of the film a more satisfying ending.VERDICTGreat film, 9/10, see it! Whether you'll like it or hate it, this is one of the four essentials of the 90's, along with Pulp Fiction, Terminator 2, and Forrest Gump.

Titanic is exceptional. This is what a real film is all about. The love story topped the icing on the cake for me, It's increasingly sad and all the while you still know what's the come. It's a real treat to be able to watch, the theme of the film is self explanatory; however there is so much to it. Regardless whether the love story is true or not, it doesn't matter because without this it would not be as emotionally galvanising as it is. It's astounding. It's obvious that Jack dies at the end and Rose is very upset. It's a brilliant film, def a classic! Highly recommended to anyone looking for something to weep at for days! Enjoy.

I detested this movie so much when I first saw it that I really wanted to give it one star, but as bad as I still think it is, it is fairly well-made and at least the technical department earned their salaries here (though quite frankly I thought that some of the CGI effects screamed "FAKE!" louder than the scale models used by Roy Ward Baker in 1958's A NIGHT TO REMEMBER). What sinks this movie for me (pun very much intended) is the fictional love story forcibly inserted by Cameron, doubtless with the cynical intention of attracting teenage girls. Which it did. By the millions.When Oscar time rolled around, Hollywood apparently decided that 1997 was the year to call the movie that made the most money *Best Picture,* to say nothing of the other ten Oscars it won, plus three nominations. Now I have not seen every movie ever to win the Best Picture Oscar, but of all the ones I have seen, this one has to be the least deserving of the honor.For starters, aside from the fictional romance, there is nothing new here. I made mention above of Roy Ward Baker's 1958 film A NIGHT TO REMEMBER, which is THE definitive dramatic film about the Titanic disaster: there are no fictional characters, no romantic heroes or heroines; Baker chose to tell the story plainly, in an almost documentary fashion that still carries a huge wallop fifty-two years later.Cameron's film, by comparison, though it is wonderful to look at (obviously no expense was spared, from costumes to special effects), is a curiously cold and uninvolving piece of work except for when Leo and Kate are on the screen. Cameron's fatal mistake was that he forgot that the Titanic disaster was a real-life human drama; Roy Ward Baker knew this, and his film, fully an hour-and-a-half SHORTER than this one, yet manages to show the terrible loss of humanity of all classes that terrible night. Cameron's film has little feeling for any of the subsidiary characters, with a couple of exceptions, such as a lusty Kathy Bates, delightful as the unsinkable Molly Brown, and Gloria Stuart, who at eighty-eight came out of retirement to play Rose at age one hundred-one.Unfortunately these bright spots are too far and few between in a much- too-long movie that cannot escape the fact that the central romance is uninteresting at best, and irritating at worst. Cameron shows a shameless disregard for his actors in this film. Leonardo DiCaprio is not the least bit convincing as a young man from 1912; he comes across as a typical California brat who grew up eating Sugar Pops. Kate Winslet, a terrific actress, is horribly misused here; left to her own devices, she often fails to find the right notes, most noticeably towards the end, when she and Leo climb the ship to the near-vertical stern, and she turns to him and squeals, "This is where we first met!" The line is awful in and of itself, especially in the context of that moment, but had she delivered it with tears streaming down her cheeks and a great deal of pathos, it might have been palatable. Instead she sounds like a teenage girl going to a high-school dance.There are a few other good performances in the supporting cast in addition to the two I have mentioned, but unfortunately they and the rest of what was a true-life story of hubris, heroics, class divisions, and self-sacrifice, are buried under the cheap date-movie romance that Cameron inserted. I'll give him credit for one thing: he knew that the love story was what would keep the viewers coming back; had he chosen to simply tell the true story, I don't know if the film would have sunk faster than the ship did, but it most certainly would not have gotten all the undeserved acclaim that it did.

This movie right here is "Overrating" in its prime."The most compelling movie of the century". That's a joke.My question is: Why? Why Cameron? Why did you do it??? You're WAY better than this! But, since Cameron created some cinematic masterpieces like "The Terminator" and "Aliens", I'm willing to let this one slide. You got lucky this time, Cameron.This movie was nothing but one misplaced drama scene after another. And it wasn't like you could sit through them easily either, this movie was more than 3 hours long! I understand that a lot of people liked this movie, and that maybe I'm being biased, but I really did not like this "garbage".Don't get me wrong, there were some very good scenes, and some music score that was decent. But the tear jerker moments grew tiresome quickly. Why are Billy Zane and Bill Paxton wasting their time here? Good scenes and some interesting plot points could not save this mess of a bad drama. I'm sorry, but this Hollywood trash reeks and stains the true story of the Titanic, almost to the point of disgracing it.If you like too much drama and romance badly put together with bad acting by Leonardo DiCaprio, "Titanic" is what you want.4/10

This movie contains every single emotion of a human being. The heart-wrenching sadness of loosing your love ones is clearly shown in this movie.The music is the best part of the movie.Jack and Rose shine up as perfect lovers.The wreck of titanic is shown in this movie.The song "my heart will go on" is most favorite song of me.Every single person has worked hard yo make it a success.This was a very challenging for everyone when the ship broke and sank.I love this movie very much.Leonardo and Kate played the role of Jack and Rose and became perfect couple.According to me it is the best movie Ihave seen in my entire life and it can also be called "the best film of all the centuries".

When it comes to pure visual spectacle, Titanic is one of the best movies ever made. But the love story is great as well. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet have such wonderful chemistry that it makes the occasionally poor dialogue tolerable. Their scenes together are some of the most memorable moments in romantic movie history.However, the visuals steal the show. The scenes of the Titanic sinking are some of the most beautiful yet terrible scenes ever filmed. Beautiful because it looks so real, and terrible because we know this actually happened. But that's not to say the love story is shoved into the background. The romance takes up most of the film, and their tragic ending is one that is sure to draw tears from the sensitive ones.Overall, the film is well-acted, visually masterful, and unforgettably romantic. By now, it is an absolute classic and, in my opinion, it certainly deserved it's Best Picture win at the Oscars.

This movie is so so overrated. It boggles my mind how this piece of garbage was voted best picture over LA Confidential in 97. The acting in this film is beyond poor, with Billy Zane, yes BILLY ZANE giving the only decent piece of acting in this movie. This movie is comparable to Pearl Harbor, in where we have a historic event get skewed by some sappy, bogus love story about a misunderstood painter. I was surprised and jubilant to find that this movie is out of the top 250 on IMDb as voted by it's users. Thankfully, many other educated users agree with me here.In closing, do not waste your time on this film if you enjoy any realistic movie-making. James Cameron should stick to The Terminator. 2/10

I have seen many movies in my life and I can tell a good movie from a bad one. As soon as I saw TITANIC I knew it was the best movie ever made! I enjoyed it tremendously and I can see it as many times as I want. I also love the acting of Kate and Leo. The music in the movie really touches your heart and to tell the truth, I believe the people who say this movie is terrible are uncomfortable because there is romance, when romance is the best part of any story! Anyone's life sooner or later will be touched with love and you can't deny that. TITANIC is only an example of how powerful love can truly be! I believe it is a great movie and I am sure I am not the only one as you can see it is a hit that is going to be remembered throughout the years and will never be forgotten!!!

In the past 6 months, I have looked back on this movie in retrospect and thought what a totally sick premise this film is based upon. It's a fictional tale of a true tragedy, which trivialises the impact of the Titanic sinking.James Cameron has the sickest mind I have ever known of. "Let's make a love story on one of the greatest disasters the world has ever heard about." Back in 1997, the movie execs must have been rubbing their hands together at the prospect of James Cameron (whose blockbusters have accrued masses of cash) doing a romantic movie on a poignant slice of history. However, around 2,500 people died on that ship, yet we only really focus on Jack and Rose running around the ship. Of course, this was Cameron's intention, so as to show the ship in all it's glory before it sank.The problem I have with the movie is that it's the equivalent of making a movie about a love story in the Twin Towers. A young business man in Tower A falls in love with a young business woman in Tower B. The man goes to Tower B, gets the girl and runs around all the floors of the Twin Towers (to show what the Twin Towers looked like before they collapsed). Then the planes hit the buildings and the story really kicks off. You get the idea. Entertainment based on a real-life tragedy, to me, seems really sick. It is a lot worse than programmes that the Daily Mail in Britain kick up a stink about.Morally wrong pictures like this should be banned, rather than Britain's banning of "The Exorcist" for 20 years, especially as Titanic was crap.

Who says that old fashioned romantic films don't sell. They certainly do if they're done right as the story in Titanic certainly is.This blockbuster version of the most famous shipwreck in history is a homage to Maytime. In fact in casting Gloria Stuart as old Rose through whose eyes we see the disaster unfold, Director James Cameron went back to a contemporary of Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy.The film begins with the discovery of the wreck of the Titanic in the middle Eighties which did cause great excitement at the time. Searching the wreck divers come upon a safe and a nude portrait of a woman wearing a necklace with a diamond thought to be lost and the portrait is dated April 14, 1912. The woman is still alive and its Gloria Stuart who tells her tale the way an aged Jeanette MacDonald did in Maytime.Winning a card game that got him a third class passage aboard the maiden voyage of Titanic, itinerant artist Leonardo DiCaprio gets on board the vessel. He meets and woos a younger version of Gloria Stuart who is played by Kate Winslet. Unfortunately she's about to enter a loveless marriage for money urged on by her mother, Frances Fisher, who wants her declining years not be spent in the poorhouse. Her prospective fiancé is Billy Zane a rather arrogant young robber baron heir of his time who has a factotum/bodyguard in David Warner who has one of the best roles in the film. Still Leo and Kate get a few stolen hours of romance before the disaster strikes.One thing that James Cameron did is that he never allowed the spectacle of the disaster nor even the issues of wealth and class that were omnipresent in the Titanic story to overwhelm his romantic leads. In fact they are an integral part of the story as young Leo reaches for what was unobtainable.Leonardo DiCaprio remarked that his part of Jack was the least complex role he ever did. The part is a romantic lead, the guy has no secrets or hidden issues, he's just a young man in love. Maybe that was the reason he was not nominated for Best Actor in the face of all those nominations Titanic did get. It won for Best Picture and Best Director and a flock of Oscars in the technical area. Kate Winslet and Gloria Stuart were nominated and lost for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress respectively.Titanic is a story that's been filmed since the silent days almost in the wake of the disaster itself. The Germans made a propaganda film of it in 1943 which Nazi inspired though it was, did make a few points against the British upper classes and that the first class got saved and those in steerage mostly drowned. There was a fine version in 1953 with Clifton Webb and Barbara Stanwyck as an older married couple with problems on the doomed ship. And the British did the classic, A Night to Remember which is a documentary like recreation from the ship's officers point of view.Still they'll have to go some beat this one. Titanic is a film for lovers of all ages and run Maytime back to back with Titanic if you can get DVDs and/or VHSs of both films.

Overwrought all the way through. Nicely shot, not too bad for acting, but predictable, over-the-top sentimentality kills what could still have been a great plot with suspense and surprise. Instead it's so predictable as to be boring. The effects are good at the end, but they're hardly worth sitting through the rest of it to get there. Borrow somebody's DVD and skip to the sinking, then find a good flick on the tube!

Perhaps the most overblown and ridiculous flick I have sat through. Also, did Picasso's "Les demoiselles D'avignon" really go down on the Titanic? I thought it was hanging in the museum of modern art in New York? Am I the only person who thought this was odd? Then again, the movie was so unbalanced and ill thought out that this doesn't seem out of place.

SO much hype. The acting was just terrible. People flocked to this movie like sheep. The dialogue was so contrived, how could people not notice? It is a shame this movie is seen as "romantic", rather than as the monstrosity it is.

I felt this film had some neat effects, but not worth the price of the ticket.  The acting was weak, and the dialogue was horrible. If you haven't seen it yet, you were probably correct to not want to.

i gave this film a 1, but thats only because there was no -999 rating, this film sucked, because there was absolutley no plot. how can you have a 3 hour movie with no plot. the story was a rip off of romeo and juliette, and even that was done badly. the only part of the film i liked was when, jack's friend is swimming away and that big massive chimney shaped thing drops on him,,, oh how i laughed.i remember when this movie came out,, and there was such hype about it, being the most expensive movie ever made, and everyone was going on about how amazing it is. that was 4 years ago. 4 years later titanic ends up in one of those Crazy Eddie bargain Video box's for £2.99,, and incase you don't know, thats where all the lame video's end up. the fact is Titanic is,, excuse me,, WAS all hype, behind the hype the film could not stand the test of time because it is a lame film.and for those of you who think 4 years is a long time for hype to last,, then think of Star Wars 24 years ago and STILL selling strong,, Seven Samurai 50 years later and is STILL inspiring new directors. Titanic,,, 4 years later Crazy Eddie Bargain Video Box £2.99

I truly cannot believe how a movie of this calibre won 11 Oscars. Great special effects can add additional excitement to a good movie, but they're not meant to carry a film. Like many another modern "blockbuster," strip away the computer f/x any you're left with a mind-numbingly large helping of schmaltzy, unbelievable dialogue and acting. This movie is a total waste of one's valuable time (not tomention money.) Avoid at all costs.

how on earth this movie gets this all noise and fame ?it`s simple ..because ..it`s a silly love storyjust like " love " it self ..this movie is way too sloppy to be overratedi give it 1 ... stupid tai- tenet

If only the voting ratings were higher than 10 . . . I would give this grand film a 20. I watched it for the first time about four years ago or so, and let me just say, I bawl like a baby every time I watch it. It remains my absolute favorite movie. I LOVE the chemistry between Leonardo DiCaprio's Jack & Kate Winslet's Rose (you just don't see romances like that anymore, which is a shame). I enjoy watching their romance grow until the very end. James Cameron was right in making sure that the audience gets an "emotional doorway", to use his words, to realize just how tragic the Titanic disaster really was by having them, as well as Jack & Rose, go through the events that led to the sinking . . . Did Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) ever do stuff like the things Jack did for Rose, risking his life because he loved her so much? I don't think so, because he didn't really care about her, or even love her for that matter . . . so Billy Zane did a fantastic job at portraying this character you just love to hate! All the other actors in this film, particularly Kathy Bates, Victor Garber, Gloria Stuart, & Bill Paxton, did fabulous as well. The scenery, the music (makes me cry even if I hum a few bars), the costumes, etc are FABULOUS! James Cameron, you are a genius & will be forever remembered for this epic masterpiece, for bringing this tragedy that happened a century ago, to astounding life!!!!! I applaud you for this tenfold. Bravo! Well done!

James Cameron is one of the best directors of all time. I have never seen him make a bad movie. This and his most recent Avatar are in the top ten of my favorite all time films. I know when a movie is very good is when I choke up. I did that for several scenes in this three-hour epic. The wonderful score by James Horner initiated some of those teardrops.This is about the fateful night in mid-April of 1912 when the luxury liner Titanic sank. Also, there is a romance story between a guy from the lower class and a girl from the upper class.The acting is pretty great. Yes there were some cheesy lines but so what. The brilliant performances of Kate and Leo make up for it.I can't see why people blast this movie with their criticisms. Maybe it was successful and it made tons of money.Overall, this is one of the best movie of all times. There's a reason why it won eleven Academy awards. I rate this film 10/10.

My name is Brian Joseph Bonish. I was 6 years old when I first saw this movie in 2002. I absolutely loved it, it is the best movie that I have ever seen in my entire life. I watch it all the time! It reminds me of Cape May, my second home, and I never was sure why, and I still don't know.. But it makes me so happy. I feel a true connection with the movie. I could watch this movie and only this movie for the rest of my life and never get sick of it. I love it so much, there is no movie in the world that is better than it. It is so romantic and dramatic and the two blend together so perfectly that it makes the whole movie such a beautiful piece of life for me and this movie has brought so much light to my life. I love it so much with a burning passion! -Brian Joseph Bonish, the number one Titanic fan in the world.

Ever since I saw Avatar, I began to develop a strong respect for James Cameron, so when I found out he was the genius behind the cinematic legend that is "Titanic", I got excited.The film is really well written. I love the way it is told in flashback.It begins with a group of present-day treasure hunters exploring the wreckage of the Titanic (which results in some brilliant underwater footage). They find an old safe that's completely empty save for a drawing of a woman. An elderly woman suddenly phones them and says she's the woman in the picture. She then tells the divers and her granddaughter the main plot of the film.One thing that I really like as well about the flashback format is the editing. Each time the film always shifts between the past or present via a match cut, such as a video of the wreckage of the Titanic in the present day changing into the Titanic before it left in 1912 or a close-up shot of ýoung Rose's eye to the eye of the elderly Rose in the present.The characters are all really well developed. I love how the film manages to blend some of the real historical figures (I.E. the crew of the Titanic) with fictional characters (I.E. Rose, Jack) and yet it is still incredibly believable, as if this really was a true story. The story is largely focused on the relationship between Rose and Jack, but the film constantly manages to develop other characters. Even the present-day characters are really well developed.The story is very well written, and I love the way how it changes in tone throughout. The film starts off exciting, with many people excited, yet still manages to portray Rose in a somewhat sympathetic role. A large portion of it is the romance between Jack and Rose, but the film manages to have some dramatic scenes, with a large sub-plot of the story being the conflict between Rose and the rest of her upper-class family. The film even manages to include a bit of humour here and there, but doesn't take it too far. However everything changes near the end, when we have the iceberg, and all of a sudden the film becomes very dark and tragic.The climax is very impressive. It takes place once the Titanic hits the iceberg. At this point, the film manages to successfully shift focus between different people. It manages to focus on the protagonists, but also manages to focus on the chaos and tension as the ship sinks and the crew struggle to keep order and get the passengers off safely. It brilliantly manages to capture the tragedy and horror of the disaster.Overall this movie is a cinematic masterpiece and one that you definitely should see if you haven't already.

'Titanic' is a film so revered and praised that it can become tiresome and many choose to bash it just to spite its popularity but the truth is that 'Titanic' is a classic and is worthy of any praise it gets.Everybody knows how epic this film is. Everybody knows the extraordinary lengths that were gone to to make this such a memorable piece and everybody knows of the excellent performances given by Kate Winslet, Leonardo DiCaprio and the supporting cast. The incredible feat that this film achieves is, despite its huge scale, you can get entangled and wrapped up in each character. The simple love story of Jack and Rose is played out so intensely, it's beautiful and engaging to watch no matter how many times you've seen it before.What I love about this film is the fact that I can pick out plenty of cheesy moments and lines and many instances where Cameron has tried to over-dramatise an already tragic and epic story, as well as one ill-timed cut to the 'modern' day subplot, but I don't mind. I can get carried away in the story and love those moments as well.The truth is, this film is beautiful. The one-liners and funny moments early on that highlight the tragedy of the end, still touching and shocking despite the action and panic in them, are beaten only by the simplicity and beauty of the relationship between Jack and Rose. It sounds cheesy and cliché but it is still as beautiful and romantic as ever and this film will always rate highly with me.

The first time I happened to watch Titanic (the movie), I was barely into my teenage years and barely out of primary school. Naturally, what I found to be most appealing (apart from the delights of a naked Kate Winslet) was the brilliant way in which this true human tragedy had been brought on screen  the grand sets, the accurate reproduction, the seamless special effects (in case you're wondering, I grew up to be an engineer). It left quite a mark on me  I confess to have seen hundreds of documentaries on how and why 'The Unsinkable Ship' dropped to the bottom of the ocean on its maiden voyage, so much so that I had become a self-professed guru on any and every Titanic factoid Many repeat viewings later, I've developed a slightly different perspective towards this piece of cinema that still never ceases to amaze me. I'm in my twenties now, and have had my fair share of experiences  crush, heartbreak, love, et al (all the necessary experiences that are a pre-requisite for one to truly appreciate the world's favourite 'chick-flick'). I've realized that with time, my favourite portions from the movie have changed. Whereas earlier, I would happily skip the first half but never fail to catch the second, now I find myself to be fonder of the first hour, and even fonder of the last half. A part of the reason would be the advancement in digital effects since that time, which have given me the ability to grudgingly spot sections where the seamless computer effects don't seem to be so, well, seamless any more.The main reason, however, is that I've developed something akin to an emotional bond with this film. Its brilliance lies in the way it manages to tell the story of a very personal tragedy while always focusing on, and never diluting, the epic tragedy that was the Titanic. And the moment where it never fails to touch a chord (relax, it's not the moment of Jack's death  I'm not even that clichéd) is when the now rather old and spotty Rose tells her listeners, 'I don't even have a picture of him; he exists now, only in my memory' A simple, yet beautiful and poignant moment, one that we can all relate with, especially for those among us who particularly cherish their memories, whatever they be. Memories always leave a mark (and sometimes they leave behind scars), such that, ever so often, a single instance can stay with us for an entire lifetime. Memories shape us, mould us, and are an integral part in the development and continued growth of what is known as an emotionally intelligent being. They truly are the human part within us animals.Titanic then, is really quite a reflection of the true power of Human Memory.

I've seen this movie plenty of times about the time it was released. Well, a few years later, about 1999, but it's not so important. The point is, I was about 10 or 11 years at this time. But now, in the German Christmas TV programme, I saw this movie again. Only partly, but I was amazed of it. I became aware of things I didn't became aware of in this young age. As there were: 01) It might sound a bit bathetic, but "Titanic" is a really romantic film, it's kind of a Love Manifesto. There are two people who really love each other, with all consequences. This is really great, to see this true and honest love between two people which you don't see too often in real life, even though this is just a movie.02) When you look a bit behind this romantic facade, "Titanic" is also a deeply social critical movie. On the one side, it shows those affectedly luxury and all those needless problems of the Rich, as well as the belief that with enough money you can buy anything ("We had an arrangement, Mr Murdoch!"). On the other side you see the misery of the Third Class people, you see how they are trapped in the sinking ship like animals, and you see how the Rich are treated much better only because they have money. But on the other hand, there is Rose, who only cares about Jack Dawson's personality and not about his financial situation.03) The last thing I love at this movie is quite simple: It is a great document of one of the sadest stories in younger human history. It shows it all in detail, the arrogance of the White Star Line people, the desperation of the passengers as the ship is sinking, the fight for their life, the desperate try to find other ships to help, all showed really realistic and also strictly written after the reports of survivors. I think those whole Titanic thing is very interesting, and so I like the movie for showing the happenings of this evening very realistic and fascinating.

We start off this epic classic with Mr. Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) in search of the Heart Of the Ocean necklace that would be found in the Titanic wreckage. After failing to find it and revealing so on television, Rose (Gloria Stuart), a survivor calls up Brock to go for visit.Rose quickly gets into the story of her experience on Titanic. We travel back in time to when Rose was young (Kate Winslet). Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) is an aspiring artist who wins himself and his friend, Fabrizio (Danny Nucci), tickets on Titanic. Almost instantly, Jack falls for Rose - regardless of her being with Cal Hockley (Billy Zane).One night, Rose runs to the back of the boat. She leans off the rail ready to jump into the waters below - hopefully to her death. Jack sees her doing this and talks her out of it. Just as he is about to pull her in, she slips. He does bring her back over, but not before Cal has come to the rescue. Jack is seen as a hero and is invited to dinner the following night.Rose begins to have feelings for Jack and they also begin to see each other frequently. Rose poses nude for Jack, wearing only the Heart Of the Ocean. They are chased by Lovejoy (David Warner) but eventually get away and make love in a storage room, inside a vehicle.I am not one for movies that go over 180 minutes, but this one has always been an exception for the reasons of it not feeling like three hours and for it being a romance. Leonardo DiCaprio is not a favourite of mine. I hated him in almost anything else, so it's safe to say that I think this is his best performance.Kate Winslet was a no-name at this point and that was on purpose, but she was quickly noticed after this for such an amazing performance. It's no wonder why she was nominated for an Oscar. She is just so easy to fall in love with.James Cameron wrote and directed this masterpiece and does anyone wonder why it won 11 Oscars, and made $1.8 billion? It deserves all the praise it gets simply because it is an epic romance movie. The only epic romance I know. The score is just magnificent and it easily put James Horner on the map.It had a great supporting cast: Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, Bernard Hill, Victor Garber, and Jonathan Hyde. The dialogue between Rose and Jack is sweet and warm-hearted. The action during the last hour is what really makes this so epic. The romance itself is fairy tale.The special effects are also stunning. I can't think of any flaws in this movie which is why I obviously give it a perfect score. Any romantic person will love this. Any couple should watch this together because it certainly speaks to you in that sense.I don't know if there is another movie out there in this genre that compares to Titanic. Which is why I recommend everyone to watch this.

Titanic is one of the best films of all time for many reasons. There is not one single problem with the picture. Not one. The effects are extraordinary, it's well acted, well written, convincing and spellbinding.Two lovers from opposite worlds fall in love aboard the doomed ship titanic. And then the ship meets her doom. Their relationship is strengthened by their struggle to survive. This makes the film an experience instead of just entertainment.Titanic has been bashed by many people for years. All I can say is that i think it is the second best film ever (behind shawshank), and that i don't care what they think.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate winslet are stunning and they give the film a basic story structure. Now these people can act.James Cameron cleverly shows the peril that the passengers are in. We can relate to them, and we fear for them. It is horrifying to see them die. It is an intense and visceral experience.This is a beautiful masterpiece about the tragic sinking of a great ship. super.

I saw this movie few hours ago and I can't help asking myself same question: "Why is it so poorly rated?"IMDb is the best movie site I ever saw and I noticed when it comes to ratings it's surprisingly how users ratings work good for me. In 95% cases rating over 7 means that the movie is worth watching. For me Titanic is without any doubt classic. It was brilliant film when I saw it 10 years ago and it didn't loose any of its quality when I saw it moments ago. Why is it so I don't intent to write because I thing many reviews here did that already. Shortly, lets just say that it was directed perfectly by visionary James Cameron in the way that 3 hours long epic film doesn't get boring, characters are played excellent by many talented actors (in that moment Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet were relatively unknown), story is also great and connects love story and Titanic's fate beautifully, special effects are impressive even today and Hans Zimmer did amazing job with music. When I saw Titanic was rated 6.9 I was stunned, it should be rated over 8 at least. Why is it so? Well, few years after Titanic's release it became very popular to spit on it without good reason so it probably got even to peoples minds.I guess even peoples opinions can be manipulated. It's just sad it affected this truly wonderful movie.Evergreen 10/10

I try, but i still don't see why people don't like this movie. this movie is one of those films that makes you completely break down, once you realize the full intensity of it. they say about 1500 people died that night, and 700 were saved due to the 20 lifeboats. only 20 boats to save over 2000 people. when you really think about it, and watch families be torn apart, it really shows the severeness of the whole situation. i remember i watched it the other night, and when i saw a family be ripped apart (because only women and children were being let on the boats), a dad told his children "don't worry, there's another boat for the daddies". i broke down at that part while i watched Jack and Rose being split because she was forced into a boat. you cant even imagine being there, and not knowing what was gonna happen to your kid or your husband or father. if you listen to Jack teaching rose about life during the movie, and telling her to "make each day count", it puts things in perspective. he showed her so many things and like she said at the end, "he saved me in every way a person can be saved". he loved her so much, and you can see the chemistry between the two, and that makes his death so much harder to watch. its not fair that he had to die like that after doing so much for Rose, but it made the story, and it made it great. Kate Winslet and Leo DiCaprio did such a great job with this, and James Cameron really pulled it all together as the director. you cant picture anyone else playing the parts...they did such a great job.there were some great scenes...like when Jack is handcuffed to the pole and Rose has to break him free with an ax off the wall so she takes a few practice swings and then tries to hit it in the same spot and misses by like ten feet! even though oddly enough she cuts him free perfectly as she smashes the chain with her eyes closed and then they have to wade through like really deep water.another is where the mother is telling a story to her two kids, so they will fall asleep and not be so afraid when they die..one of my all-time favorite scenes is where Jack and Rose are flying at the front of the ship. Celine Dion's "my heart will go on" seems like the perfect love song for this.also, the part where rose is on the Carpathia and give her name to the guy as Rose Dawson is one of the sweetest things ever.the part where she jumps off the lifeboat and her and jack run to meet each other and embrace each other where he tells her she is "so stupid" but is kissing her hair and neck and she says "you jump i jump right?"lastly, i love the part at the end where old Rose...i guess dies....after they show all the pictures of her doing all the things Jack was telling her they were gonna do.....where she dies and you see them again going up the staircase, and all the people who had died and had gone down with titanic--Tommy Ryan, the Captian, Mr. Andrews, Fabrizio and Helga, Cora, and a bunch others...then the camera swings to Jack, at the top of the staircase, his back towards us, and him looking at the clock...just like he did when he had eaten dinner with first class. except he isn't all in his tux and all...he is dressed as himself and not all fancy...this movie was so amazing, and to all of those who say that it wasn't just that, you obviously cant see past what you don't like and look at what it really showed--two people in love, an "unsinkable" ship that is doomed, and a message behind it all.

There are some movies that will be remembered until the end of time. The Godfather, Sound of Music, Life of Brian, Lord of the Rings, Cassablanca, James Bond, Trainspotting, Star Wars, The Italian Job and Titanic. Now not everyone will love these movies - I know that they're not all my favourites, but they will never be forgotten.For every movie, I can see reasons why people might not like that movie, but in this movie I can see no reason why someone would dislike this movie. It really annoys me when people say that they don't like this movie, because it is a superb movie with no weak points and the only reason why people say they don't like it is to try and be different, as when this movie was released ten years ago, everyone loved it, but when people keep on singing its praises, people want to not like it, so they watch it and try to not like it.The acting is superb, the director is superb and I don't think that it's possible for anyone to watch it without crying. It is the perfect love story combined with one of the greatest disasters of all times and they combine brilliantly to give one of the greatest movies of all time.The story moves at the perfect pace for this movie and shows times back then and the excitement at this brand new top class ship, which makes you even more upset when the corridoors are being filled with water.Of course there is that classic scene when Leo and Kate (who give flawless performances) are holding their hands outstretched at the end of the ship, which will be remembered forever as a classic scene in movie history.Summing up, this is an unbelievably good film, which is perfect in all places.

This movie was a brilliant romance masterpiece. It has everything a good movie needs. Humor, plot, and most of all: Drama. I wouldn't go as far as to say it's the Greatest movie of all time, or even the greatest love story of all time, but it is definitely within the top 10. Leonardo DiCaprio shows great drama and incredible acting as the part of "Jack Dawson". Kate Winslet is as evenly good at the part of "Rose DeWitt Bukater", and the narration from Gloria Stuart is incredible. This movie scores a 10/10 in my book. From the start of the movie with the uncovering of the titanic, to the overwhelming sadness of the end, brilliant acting plays a huge part in this movie. The actors were great, the screenplay was great, and thus, the movie was outstanding.

Titanic, when it came out, was a sensation. It still stands as a favourite for many, but is disliked by many for reasons that I can only guess are due to it's simplicity and entertainment value. The acting is all good, the plot is good (though predictable- as Titanic should be), the dialogue is passable and everything else fits into place. What are we left with? Dialogue. There aren't any iconic lines (barring the cheese-filled "I'm the king of the world...") or any lines with exceeding power or wit, as there frequently are in typical classic films. Alas, this movie goes beyond that. The "my heart will go on" melody played throughout the film is touching, to say the least, despite my untoward attitude of the Celine Dion version of the song. The two main characters come together in such a way typical of any romance movie. Jack and Rose etc and etc until they etc and then the ship sinks. Good. James Cameron takes us all along for the journey, though, and shows us light and shade in the process, which most good movies do. After all, a movie is defined by the sum of it's scenes and I can't think of a scene in this movie that detracts from it. Many add to the experience, some less so than others, but it's sum total rises above numerous other films, nonetheless.The first time I saw Titanic, I was reluctant, at best: it looked like a soggy chick flick, which I don't appreciate at all. At the video store, I had to get five movies to rent to get the special and I already had four. Standing at the end of the alphabet, I tried to see something that clicked, and considering I'd passed over Titanic many times before when left with the same choice, I might have been inclined to do so again. This time, I had no other choice ready, my dad was calling and so I grabbed it. It was the last of the five movies I watched, but (even though I can't remember any of the others) it was probably the best. I get feelings of movies before I see them- something clicks into place and I either identify with the music or a character I see in the DVD menu or the opening credits- and that happened as soon as I saw the DVD menu (don't ask me- I've got no idea why either). Historic, though modern; brutal, though beautiful; long, though quickly-passing... whatever that menu was, it did it. Thinking back, it may have been a map of the Titanic's course or something along those lines. Silly? Maybe so, but I was right. 9 out of 10.

When someone mentions 90s blockbuster movies, one of the first things said is always Titanic.The 1997 movie, staring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, broke box-office records both in the USA and internationally, still holding the record as the highest box-office grossing movie internationally by $482,400,000, leading over Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. It won 11 Academy Awards, tying it with Ben-Hur for the most one by any single movie. It was nominated for 14 Oscars. It had another 76 wins and 47 nominations.The acting was great; not wonderful; but still very good in every sense of the word. Not only by Kate and Leonardo, but many people on the cast that were overshadowed by the stars. Gloria Stuart gives a heart-breaking performance in her return to the screen. Victor Garber portrayed Thomas Andrews, and did a magnificent job, his best scene being the meeting between Ismay, EJ Smith, and himself; Andrews declaring Titanic will founder. The main story in itself is one that has been told a million times over. A poor boy and a rich girl meet by chance and soon fall in love, but her parents will not allow it because of social order. Titanic has one thing going for it as it tells this story, the backdrop of history and tragedy tied into one as the lovers meet on the ill-fated ship Titanic. We are introduced to Rose De-Witt Bukater, a young woman of society who is engaged to Caledon Hockley, the son of a rich steel tycoon. We find ourselves on Rose's side as she rebels against her mother and Cal, ultimately resulting in a suicide attempt. Fate steps in there, bringing her a savior by the name of Jack Dawson, an artist who wins third class tickets aboard Titanic in a poker match. He persuades Rose not to jump off the back of the ship; telling her that if she jumps, he'll have to go after her.The story is being narrated by Rose Calvert, a woman of 100, who upon seeing a drawing on television decides to contact Brock Lovett, a salvager who is exploring the Titanic. He is the one who found the drawing, and kept it only because he noticed that the woman in the picture is wearing a diamond necklace. Rose and her granddaughter Lizzy are brought upon Brock's ship, where she tells the crew she is the woman in the picture. Brock then tells them the diamond is said to have gone down with the ship, and would be worth more than the Hope Diamond if discovered. Rose says nothing, but starts into her account of what happened during her experience with Titanic.Jack and Rose continue to grow to love after he saves her from death. Rose tries to deny her feelings for him, but can't help herself, despite threats made by both her fiancée and mother. She longs to be like Jack, free and independent; something she has never done before. She tries her hardest to do this, by having Jack draw her nude, wearing only the blue diamond necklace her fiancée Cal bought for her. This is the drawing Brock finds 84 years later. But fate has a twisted hand of cards, making Cal frame Jack into stealing the diamond, and having him being locked away. Rose chooses to believe Cal, but not for long. She soon comes back for him, saving him from being drowned.They continue their race for survival, staying on the ship until the bitter end, despite a gun chase by Cal and his manservant Lovejoy, and Rose choosing to jump off the lifeboat and back onto Titanic for she can't leave Jack behind. It is at this point Rose realizes that she does love Jack, greeting him with the words, "You jump, I jump, right?" Subsequently they continue trying to stay alive as the glorious ship is destroyed. The band is shown playing their final song, "Nearer My God To Thee," making for a emotional montage.Finally, as the ship goes under, Jack ushers Rose to a broken door. It can only hold one of them, and he offers it to her. They listen to the screams until it gets quiet, and Jack realizes that he will die soon. His final words tell Rose to keep on living, not to let herself die. He makes her promise never to give up, and not to let go of that promise. She agrees, saying that she'll never let go. A light appears out of the darkness, and Rose, barely clinging to life, tries to awaken Jack to tell him there's a boat coming back, but there's no use. As she is shocked by his death, she remembers her promise to keep on living, so leaves him there in the ocean, saying once more she'll never let go. Old Rose then speaks of how the 700 saved people floating in lifeboats were waiting, to die, to live, and for an absolution that would never come. It then shows her walking on the deck of Brock's research ship, standing on the railing, to show that she had the diamond Brock had spent three years searching for. Another flashback is here, showing young Rose feeling the pocket of the jacket Cal put on her, feeling in the pocket and pulling out the diamond. Old Rose then looks at the deep blue diamond one more time, then tosses it into the ocean.There are many ways to interpret the ending of the movie. In my opinion, she passes away. Old Rose is seen going to sleep, then cutting to a dream sequence where Young Rose and Jack are reunited on Titanic and then a cut to a bright light. On the DVD, the name of that scene is called A Promise Kept.

WINNER of 11 Academy Awards, TITANIC is one of the most Romantic,Dramatic,and Action movies of its time. With great special effects and a romantic plot line,TITANIC draws people's eyes to the screen and keeps them there. It is one movie that will always be remembered,and always be commented for its greatness. It is one movie that everybody will love. No matter what kind of person that sees it, will definitely love it. The 11 Academy Awards it occupied in 1997 were...BEST DIRECTOR...BEST ORIGINAL SONG...BEST ORIGINAL DRAMATIC SCORE...BEST COSTUME DESGIN...BEST ART DIRECTION...BEST SOUND...BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY...BEST VISUAL EFFECTS...BEST FILM EDITING...and last but not least,the best Award a movie can get...BEST PICTURE. This movie is so great and such a good movie...its too hard to put into words. For all of this...I give TITANIC a 10 out of 10 stars.

At the first time I watched 'Titanic'I didn't like it very much, because I was 11 years old and I was not a big fan of Romance. The only thing I remember that I payed attention and really liked at that time was the Titanic sinking!*laugh* Well, 8 years have been passed, and now, more mature and having read about the real accident I can say that I enjoyed this movie very much. The romance between Jack(DiCaprio) and Rose(Winslet) is fictional, but make the movie be even more dramatic,since we have a chance of be closer of some people in the story. The way the movie begins, showing some people making the search of Titanic and even some shots of the ship forgot in the sea is very interesting and in the last scene, when the old Rose dies, it's a beautiful and symbolic scene to see her meeting again Jack and all the people that were killed in Titanic's disaster again.Ps:This is one of the movies that I saw Kate Winslet, and I found her astonishing!

Good film overall... The plot is good too, however there are mistakes within the film itself (e.g 1/: the fact that When Rose is arriving in New York half asleep, she looks at the Statue of Liberty, which is the colour green. But if you visit the statue of liberty, you'll find a plate telling you that the original colour was brown, and it took over 35 years for it to change colour. The statue of liberty was placed there in 1886, so in 1912 it should have still been partly brown.. e.g 2/: In the engine room as the ship is sinking, the smoke and steam coming from the machinery rises at the same angle as the ship, about 45 degrees. So, the shot was filmed level, then tilted afterwards).

This movie is the biggest waste of an opportunity of all time. It could have been a great movie about one of the greatest tragedies in history. They didn't even focus on the ship at all. It was like two and a half of hours of some crappy romance movie and then at the end the director was like "oh yeah and the titanic is sinking". Could have been a great historical/disaster flick. The only reason it is the highest selling movie of all time is cuz prepubescent girls saw it 100 times because "Leo is so hot". Instead they chose to focus only on two people in a ridiculously cheesy and cliché-ish love story between a poor boy and a rich girl. Could have been one of the best movies ever...is one of the worst. Extremeley disappointed. Don't watch it or you will be too!!

A fellow reviewer wrote earlier that Titanic is among his or her favorite films, and sometimes people laugh. I myself laugh, not at the movie but at that statement. I echo what the reviewer said, which is that at the time, almost everyone loved the movie or at least recognized good stuff about it. It was critically acclaimed, made more money than any movie in history, and received uncountable awards including the most Oscars ever, tied with Ben Hur at 11 wins.Now, I shake my head when I see that Titanic currently has a rating of about 6.7.  Jeez people, view a movie for how it is rather than how oversaturated it got!!!And that's the problem. Titanic WAS a very good movie- and since I was interested in the actual ship a decade before the movie was made, hopefully I can tell you why I support it. The technical achievements alone were grand, the scale of the movie was epic and moving, and to James Cameron's credit, it was almost 100% accurate to the many different details of the Titanic legend. Of course, to accept this one has to ignore the fact that the main characters are fictitious amalgams of real Titanic passengers.Those two characters are Jack Dawson and Rose Buttaker, played of course by the leads Dicaprio and Winslet. Their awkward meeting and subsequent falling in love is played against the oncoming disaster, which, as everyone should know, happened 4 days into the ship's first voyage. At 11:40pm on April 14, 1912, the Titanic hit an iceberg and sank 2 and a half hours later.Now for the movie itself. The acting, although passionate, is goofy at times due to a script that was much maligned as being stereotypical and bland. I don't hate it that much, it doesn't sound too far off from what people are like when they're stupid in love. However, my problem arises here: Rose seems to be witty and independent, yet she becomes a doe-eyed child when she falls for Jack, who seems to know the answer to everything and even needs to heroically command Rose to "get back" when the iceberg comes by. More and more their relationship turns from possible to downright one-dimensional, as Jack becomes a grand hero and Rose becomes a helpless damsel. Granted, each character has scenes where they betray that limit (Rose in fact saves Jack's life at one point), but that's an exception to the rule. Another problem is that, quite simply, a relationship between a first class woman and third class male is possible, although entirely improbable. People just weren't that open minded in 1912, although for this movie it doesn't seem too severely hard to swallow.That having been said, I don't have much of a problem with the rest of the movie. This is because it stays admirably close to the facts, and pays insane amounts of detail to each scene. Director Cameron was in fact often joked about due to his fierce, almost anal commitment to the details. The ship looks real, because most of it is. The band played until the very end, which they really did. The ship indeed broke in half at the 2nd funnel, and if you look close, the iceberg scrape actually dots and dents the ship's hull instead of tearing a solid gash, as it actually did in real life. Although the 1958 Titanic film "A Night to Remember" had no fictitous characters and sticks religiously close to what really happened, James Cameron's Titanic is technically the most accurate, especially due to the breaking of the ship which wasn't proven until after the former film was made. A couple technical slips do get by, such as a terrible blue screen effect seen when the drunken baker is standing atop the risen stern (just before the final sinking). There's a shot of victims rolling down the upright stern section near the end, and we can see one of them bounce off of the cylindrical capstans, obviously a soft prop. But hey, these are just gaffes in an otherwise very good technical achievement.In closing, I still like this movie, as I did when it first came out (though not nearly as much now, after a dozen viewings). It has a lot of emotional impact, it stays very, very close to the actual facts, and it can even be argued that although fictional, Jack and Rose are just an example of what really happened to many of the couples on the real ship when it went down. I don't think a better movie about the Titanic can be made, although the aforementioned "Night to Remember" is also extremely good and in many ways just like James Cameron's film. If you see Titanic, the film, for what it tried to achieve, you can see that it is in fact a well made and successful film. I know it's hard to get past the negativity that its oversaturation caused, but at its heart I think it is an excellent movie.

This movie should have never have been nominated for any Oscars. It is mindless drivel! I wanted to throw things at the screen(but I didn't because it's not the screen's fault that the movie sucked). I will never understand why so many people liked this movie. I saw this movie in the theatre expecting a cinematic triumph, instead, the only emotion it evoked in me was pain because after seeing all that water I really had to pee. It was also painful because the amount of sap in that movie could fill the Hoover Dam.If I had known how repulsive this movie was before I spent $7 to see it, I would've avoided it altogether.

I have said it before, and I'll say it again, Titanic, along with Gone With The Wind are two of the most OVERATED films in history, with no plot, stupid characters, and irritating dialoge! Think Romeo and Juliet aboard the Titanic and that best sums up this three hour plus film.Titanic continues to be one of the biggest movies of all time, (why on Earth did moviegoers pick this mess to be a hit?) It involves a very spoiled and irritating girl known as Rose, played by Kate Winslet, who goes aboard a state of the art ship known as the Titanic with her snotty finacee, played by Billy Zane. She doesn't care for him so she hooks up with a drifter/artist named Jack played by Leonardo DiCaprio. The majority of the film is about Jack and Rose trying to avoid her fiancee while the ship itself hits an iceberg and sinks, killing many of the passengers aboard. The reason why so many teenage girls went crazy for this film is because it has a story that only a teenage girl could love with it's simplistic dialoge and cliched characters. I was hoping by the end that Rose herself would be hit by an iceberg as her character was really becoming annoying fast!Now, what bothers many moviegoers is that instead of being about the ship itself and the people who died, the film focuses on another silly 90210 teen romance. We have seen this type of romantic film hundreds of times before, and the romance in Titanic is about as interesting as a can of flat soda.While there are some nice costumes, and effects work done on the sinking of the ship, audiences must endure over two and a half hours of some of the most irritating and cliched dialoge ever written ("I'm just a tumbleweed blowing through the wind?!") as well as a lot of boredom waiting for the ship to sink. I had to be woken up by my wife when the ship sank while seeing it on DVD (I never saw it in theaters, because no film could live up to that amount of hype and after finally seeing it on DVD, I was right) Everyone I have talked to says that seeing the movie on the big screen makes a bigger difference in the special effects, well I have a HDTV big screen and that's about as close to a motion picture screen you can get watching a home video DVD.All in all, Rose isn't a woman searching for herself, but rather a spoiled brat looking for attention, and I never related to Jack one bit. I guess the only characters who I felt any real sympathy for were the captain and the ship's designer, as the film doesn't really focus on any of the real victims of the event other than the ficticious Jack and Rose.I enjoy some of James Cameron's films, (True Lies and Strange Days, which he wrote, are two of the best action films of the 1990's!) But, Titanic wasn't the "classic" many have hailed it to be!A 1 on a scale of 1-10. If you want to see a real film about the Titanic rent the original, not this awful mess!Sure, most teenage girls will go crazy over this, but, I'll take Good Will Hunting anyday over this mess!

A 7? This masterpiece gets a 7 on imdb? It's sad that 'Titanic' is lambasted by some people only because it was such a huge success on all aspects. This heart warming and heart wrenching love story, set against one of the biggest disasters of modern times, is acted and directed flawlessly, with sweeping score, fantastic cinematography, and its three hours pass so fast, it's amazing. Such emotional and cinematical power is rarely seen in mainstream holywood movies, and this movie deserves its Oscars and huge box office success. Kate Winslet and Leonardi De Caprio are especially good. Rose and Jack are unforgettable characters. James Cameron is truly a gifted filmmaker.

I HATE this movie. It was badly scripted, badly acted, and very boring. If it was just any other chick flick I would roll my eyes and ignore it, but because Cameron used a historical backdrop, I can't help but notice it. Cameron said he made up his done to death Romeo and Juliet story line so that people would have a "human conection" to the ship. There were more than 2000 human conections on the ship that he just ignored. Those were stories of real people whose lives were forever affected by this ship. I think that it's sick to use the deaths of more then 1500 men, women, and children just to make money.

Yes I know people all over the world have praised Titanic since it was released, so i'm just going to add my own 2 cents worth !Of course the characters of Rose and Jack were two dimensional but thats the amazing thing about this film you just don't care about that at all! You are able to look past that and see the scope of the film and the tragedy surrounding this the sinking of the worlds greatest ship. By looking at it through the eyes of two fictional characters Cameron has achieved the virtually impossible giving us characters we can care about without alienating the fact that the tragedy is only moments away.Many people have seen it more than once myself included, and a lot of people ask why?, it's simple, yes you know whats going to happen and when it's going to happen but you are able to look well past that and marvel in the awesome film skills of James Cameron and his crew, but it's not just that by a long way, the more you see it the more you seem to appreciate the whole saga of human tragedy that was apparent throughout the whole film! James Cameron has achieved what most people thought that he could not, a movie with fantastic special fx that did not sacrifice the scope of the tragedy.My personal rating *****

The only good thing about this movie are the special effects (truly incredible!), including the underwater scenes.  What else does it have? Let's see:One of the worst screenplays ever put on film.One-dimensional, dull, trite characters who are either improbably admirable (our lovely Rose can appreciate Picasso, knows all about Dr. Freud, and can figure out that there aren't enough lifeboats for all the passengers!) or ridiculously evil (Cal, the guy played by Billy Zane).  Not to mention tiresome cliches of the noble poor vs the ignoble rich.Leonardo di Caprio, basically modeling instead of acting.  Kate Winslet doing a more decent job, but nowhere near her performance in "Sense and Sensibility" where she was given a real character to play.The only emotion generated by this movie came from knowing that more than 1,200 people actually did die on the Titanic.  And even the disaster scenes weren't nearly as affecting as they should have been -- because the lives and deaths of thousands became merely a backdrop to the romance between Kate and Leo (sorry, Rose and Jack) and the question of whether they would survive.  (Personally, I found myself wishing they had both drowned early in the movie when Rose tried to jump and Jack was going to jump after her.)If you want to see a GOOD movie about the Titanic, rent "A Night to Remember."  It was made, I think, in 1948 and obviously had very poor special effects by today's standards, but it did an incomparably superior job of telling the story of the ship and its passengers.  (By the way, the only good bits of dialogue in "Titanic" -- the conversations between the crew when they realize the ship is going to sink -- are basically lifted from that film.)  Wisely, "A Night to Remember" doesn't focus on a couple of central characters and instead shows us many different people, who are much more fully fleshed out in the small vignettes they get than Jack and Rose were in all those unbearable hours of screen time.  In that way, "A Night to Remember" truly captures the human tragedy of what happened.The fact that "Titanic" won the Best Picture award in a year that saw such superb films as "LA Confidential" and (one of my all-time favorites) "Boogie Nights" just shows the cowardice of the Academy and the marketing power of 13-year-old girls.

This film must be one of the seven plagues. There's no escape from it even though anyone can see the script was bad, the acting preposterous and the characters ludicrous. I still have no idea how this film could be seen as great when the far better 'A Night to Remember' has been forgotten by almost everyone.

We waited until it was on video to watch it, suspecting, rightly, that the stars would be agonizing and the story ridiculous, and it was a relief to be able to fast forward through the silly parts. But the visual detail of the ship was impressive; in fact, we thought it was a shame the ship couldn't have been the star.  What a movie they could have made centered around the physicality of the ship, its size and power, its ultiimate demise, perhaps using the ship's officers and crew in multiple, interlocking stories.

What can you say about a film that believes its own hype? James Cameron, script writer and director, has attempted to tackle many social issues but has failed at every attempt. All English people are either dim or evil; all other nationalities are down-trodden and good. The message of this movie appears to be that money is the root of all evil, however he probably felt very differently when he was given a budget for this turkey. Although the special effects were impressive, I found my jaw dropping not so much at the effects, but at the appalling script and juvenile plot line. This could be renamed "The Poseidon Adventure in frocks" but "The Poseidon Adventure" was much better than this film will ever be. All in all "Titanic" was a giant ego trip for Cameron - one which the Academy fell for hook, line and sinker.

movie was: cheesy, awful, overrated, crap, cliché, stuff like that...i think the message was: true love conquers all??? so if it does, then why didn't rose love cal back??? i mean you know cal was deeply in love with rose he wanted to be with rose, and yet rose didn't love him back, and now I'm supposed to believe that true love conquers all??? she just met jack in the titanic, and next thing you know they fell in love with each other??? crap i tell u crap!!! i mean five days in a ship, then they were kissing and stuff like that... I'm saying that rose was easy to get... jack was desperate in letting a girl fall in love with him (i think)... at least thats what my friends think...... ???.... i don't know if i hate it or if i like it... one thing i know for sure is that i guess true love doesn't conquer all................i mean Poseidon is very different, he he why am i comparing them? because I'm an idiot... i like Poseidon better, more suspense and action, but hey what should we expect from titanic? after all it was created in the 1990's..... and the actor starring in the film dies in the end...big whoop.... wait i haven't even seen it yet... no i haven't seen titanic yet........................................note:this comment was created by 4 people, so don't be confused if its totally random....some of us has seen this movie, but i have a friend here who haven't yet................we're so random........I'll never let go jack, I'll never let go.......Poseidon is much better i tell you...you should watch Poseidon..... why r we comparing Poseidon and titanic?? because they're both sunken ships.. but the love story in titanic is much intense..... Poseidon is full of suspense...........spoiler: it will sink......like duh! everyone knows that!!!~~another comment~~

On a scale of 1 to bread, I give it -3. This movie money'd it's way into our lives, selling us a tragic historical event, without giving us an interesting plot, good acting, or a good script. I think the only saving grace was the directing. They take a sappy love story, package it around the sinking of the Titanic and make millions. The idea is not creative at all. Under that premise, I can make a movie called Civil War and have it be about a girl from the Union and a guy from the Confederacy who fall in love. Then at the end, there's this whole war thing and the guy dies. I'd make millions!!! Heck, that movie has probably already been created. Sub-par, unoriginal stories like this pollute the movie industry with the same ignorant recycled message: that love conquers all... even death. We get it. If you find yourself at the movie store with your girl or gal and you want to rent a good, romantic movie, you'd be better off renting American Psycho. At least American Psycho was good for it's genre.

I didn't watch this film until recently because I couldn't stand all the furore around it when it was released, and then I forgot all about it.I wish I had remained so.It's trash in the same vein as "Pearl Harbour". Overproduced, overly sentimental claptrap which highlights the lack of imagination in the American mainstream cinema.What exactly do you all see in it? There are much better romances, much better disasters, better characters and better period pieces.Perhaps discussion can help me to find out...

But NOT because the movie is an oh, so tragic story about two young lovers and a boat sinking in the sea. But because of one person - ONE PERSON ONLY - spent about a billion dollars on this movie (while about a billion human beings can't get food for the day, a house to sleep in or clean clothes) and didn't succeed to make a great movie. Three hours is how long this was. That's at least about two and a half hour too much. One thing if it they spent the money on a documentary on the subject, or at least spent the money on better boats, but not on this awful movie. The silly plot, ridiculous jokes, bad actors, an unoriginal subject ... What more can I say? O yeah - it has great special effects! "But that's at least something!" you might say! NO - IT'S - NOT! It's just another problem. Because special effects are not all, and if they had to spend money on special effects, they could at least have made a greater movie. I hope the producers and the director will spend the rest of eternity in hell, watching this movie. Over and over again.

OK, this is easily the most overrated film in history. Beyond the fancy CGI and epic scale is a generic love story, with poor charisma between the lead characters. Now, I'm not gonna Leonardo bash, he's actually a great actor and it's a shame this shitty movie put him in lame "teen heartthrob" status....cause he's got talent (just watch "What's Eating Gilbert Grape"). But this film is typical James Cameron, as in it takes no risks and plays out with little to no surprises. I'm not saying he's a bad filmmaker, his kind of directing can have great results (Aliens, The Abyss, The Terminator) and not so great results (this film). I think he's better suited for action films than serious dramas, since he was basically the only person that could make a decent film starring the ridiculous "Ahnuld".

"Titanic"....this movie on the surface would normally strike fear into the hearts of film fans like myself, who usually despise most typical mainstream drivel. While I am a huge film fan, I rarely go to the movies in theaters anymore because everything just looks so BAD. The last film I have seen in theaters was actually "Spider-Man," a great film marred by the horrible cartoonish special effects.My tastes in film vary greatly...I love the classics (Cagney, Bogie, etc), romance, B-flicks, Godzilla films, car chases, superhero stuff and much more. However, almost all the films I like were made before the 90's, when film started to get REALLY bad. I also love to observe a good phenomenon - whoch "Titanic" became almost instantly.I read all about "Titanic" before it was released, how the budget went up to a staggering $200 million making the film a tremendous gamble. When it was released in late '97, it did very good but not great numbers - but the word of mouth on this film was unlike anything seen since Star Wars probably - the box office take remained steady for a LONG time. As weeks went by, it actually earned more and more, and the phenomenon had started.Then in late 1998, when the film was still playing some theaters almost a year later, and for a whole year we've heard how unbelievable "Titanic" was and how Leo was adored by girls all over the world and how hot Kate was - I finally kicked in 2 bucks at a discount theater to see what all the fuss was finally about. Alone (in a packed theater) as not to be distracted by a friend, I got my snick snacks, found my seat, and watched with a completely open mind.Three hours later, I, who again hates virtually everything mainstream these days, said to myself, that was one of the greatest films I had ever seen.Many say "Titanic" is "fomulatic," "typical Hollywood drivel," and the famous, "...but we know the ending, the ship sinks." I say, "Titanic" was an extremely rare present-day excursion in old-school grandiose film-making. Huge sets were built as opposed to having everything drawn with computer effects. It was a great romantic story, which the audience was compelled to feel for, especially having the knowledge ahead of time that it would be doomed ("the ship sinks"). It had great drama, great music (even the one song I can stand hearing Celine Dion sing), and a lot of heart from James Cameron who, love him or hate him, showed amazing dedication to getting his epic on screen.And say whatever you want about Leonardo DiCaprio - he was excellent in Titanic and is one of the very best actors out there right now.Anyone who has read some of my other reviews would know that I hate computer effects. But the CGI in "Titanic" is the one instance where they actually do work a little, because they do not overtake the picture and aren't the focus. It definitely is not the same as watching a cartoon Spider-Man battle a cartoon Green Goblin in a film that is not supposed to be a cartoon."Titanic," dare I say, is the "Gone With The Wind" of our time. it's a huge movie, a blood, sweat and tears movie, a movie with some real elbow grease behind it. And never boring for a second."Titanic" is arguably the best film of the 90's (only "Goodfellas" gives it a run for that title in my opinion), and is probably one of the greatest 40 films ever made. Now that may be a surprising thing for me to say given I am such a huge fan of the classics, but however rare it may be, there are extremely rare instances when something new is in the same league as something classic.One last note - it is surprising that this film has such a bare-bones DVD out. While there are rumors that a "special edition" DVD is in the works, the present DVD is a disappointment with no extras at all. Considering this movie at three hours long had two hours CUT from it alone would make some good extras in deleted scenes. Add on the commentaries, a few "makings of" and add on a bunch of other crap and you have got a killer, proper DVD release for "Titanic."

Let me Start by saying I really, truly, and without a doubt mean every word I am going to say here:What is so special about this movie?!@#  This has got to be the longest, most pathetic, boring excuse for Oscar Bait I have ever seen, and that's even comparing it to some of the other doozies that Hollywood has honored in the past.  First of all, Leonardo Can't act to save his life.  What was the official word at the casting call?  "Must be able to stand in front of the camera and bring in teenage women"?  And Kate Winslet, who I have respected in the past, completely lost her abilities as well.  You wait two hours for anything to happen, and when it does, it happens so slowly that I hardly even noticed.  As for the special Effects, I've seen better Special Effects in movies with MUCH smaller budgets.  Want to know what the best part of the movie was?  When I went to go see it, right before the end credits, the film melted and the projector caught on fire.  I was quite happy to realise that a copy had been partially destroyed.  This is a terrible excuse for a film.  How can you not agree when the machinery showing it commits suicide??

I find it difficult to comment on this film because it was so bad.  As far as I can see it has no redeeming features at all.  Titanic is too long, boring and the special effects aren't really very special.There is no attempt to develop the characters and the narrative, far from being a great love story, is just silly.  If the script cost more than £1 it was robbery.I saw this with a friend who commented, as the credits revealed "Written and Directed by James Cameron", .. and he should be thoroughly ashamed of himself.This is the sort of film that makes Europeans despise Hollywood. It may have made a lot of money but it was basically worthless.

Titanic. The story was really bad everyone knew from the beginning that how it's gonna end. DiCaprio was extremely harsh, presenting himself, I guess. I would give the A.M.P.A.S. awards to the L.A. Confidental. What was good then? Directing was quite okay, and the visual FX were superb.

I almost always refrain from posting negative reviews.  What I find ridiculous may be sublime to others.  However, this is one movie that I find so disgustingly revolting that I cannot resist adding my unwelcomed two-cents.If you're one of the three people on earth who hasn't seen the film, PLEASE take my advice and find something more constructive to do with your time.Director/writer James Cameron has reduced a TRULY horrific event into a ludicrously trite love story that makes Days of Our Lives seem like a Shakespearean tragedy by comparison.  Instead of focusing the story on actual people and events,  Cameron took the easy way out and created a cast of dull, sterotypical characters who spout inane dialogue seemingly lifted from a tv-movie-of-the-week.  Rampant historical inaccuracies, cliched directing, uninspired acting, and ridiculously cheap sentimentality all add up to one over-hyped, overrated spectacle.The only thing more nauseating than the film itself was James Cameron's "moment of silence" at the Oscars for the real victims of the disaster. The "movie" Titanic has about as much to do with the actual disaster as the Police Academy movies do with law enforcement.  This film isn't a testament to human tragedy...it's a disgusting marketing ploy aimed at bilking moviegoers out of money,  while making a mockery out of those people who experienced an event that no one should ever face.

While I will admit that the special effects were pretty good (they better be for $280 million) the rest of the movie was absolutely horrible.  The most believable performance in the film was by the Iceberg.  The characters were entirely plastic, and I felt no sympathy for any of them when they died.We have Selfish Brat Rose, who decides that she is going to get what she wants no matter what her parents say. She even laughs when her much older self tells of her Fiance's suicide. She changes her name and allows her mother to think she is dead; not a word of hope for the poor mother of Rose. Not to mention that despite its size, she must have the ENTIRE board to herself when she and Jack are in the water.  Whatever happened to "you jump I jump?"  Wouldn't they have been able to keep warmer if they had been huddled together?  It seems she forgot to mention this 2 day incident of true love to her eventual husband of some 80 odd years too. Hmmm....Then we have Over-glorified-Representation-of-Freedom Jack, a "gentleman" who doesn't bother to s**** Rose in the bedroom when she is naked, but waits until they are in the backseat of a car (now isn't THAT romantic!). Wouldn't a true "gentleman" (especialy one of that era) not have done anything at all?  Great job of accurately representing the time period, James...The acting was indeed bad, but I cannot entirely blame the Actors for this. It is hard to make stupid one-liners (such as "this is bad" when the ship is vertical) sound good, and kudos to Cappy for trying.The success of this movie at the box office is not too hard to understand. I know at least 7 people who saw it 5 or more times each, and have heard of others who have seen it more, but how anyone at the academy could have thought it deserved any NOMINATIONS other than perhaps Best effects is beyond me.

Hands down one of the worst movies ever made, just a shame that the French can't take credit for this one. Paper thin plots, characterizations, and with an excessive running time that makes you wish only that the iceberg had been bigger. The acting is awful and completely under uses the talents of both DiCaprio and Winslett. DiCaprio is capable of acting, look at "What's Eating Gilbert Grape", and Winslett has had some charing roles as well, but neither of them can give much in this straight jacket of a script. Directing a large boat into a chunk of floating ice is hardly a talent worth accolades, Cameron has done better. Once upon a time, he made movies that were marginally imaginative, Titanic certainly puts an end to that. It's a pity because you've already probably seen and suffered through this one, but if not, skip it. Chasey Lane can give more feeling and "Night of the Living Dead" more story.

I had the misfortune to be taken to see this film and spent an agonising three hours with the will to live seeping away from me all the time, so what's wrong with it? DeCaprio, from a purely unbiased mans view I can see the appeal to the more uncritical female section of the audience, however he was totally acted off the screen by the glorious Kate Winslet. This is not the first time consistently he is given parts that most actors would kill for only to find himself completely upstaged by much better actors, remember Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet, Daniel Day Lewis in that abomination Gangs of New York. I rest my case. The soundtrack by Celine Dion left me with the urge to scream with tedium, good voice shame about the material! The film is over long and I can not see the necessity for the length the plot certainly didn't present any challenges or surprises. The Titanic disaster in reality was about people and peoples responses differed to the in relation to it, it was not only the rich who were cowardly and oppressive in reality there was a lot of bravery shown as well, in other words HUMANITY at its best and worst. I found the Hollywood gross oversimplification at best insulting at worst the stereotype portrayed about the Irish deeply insulting and approaching racist. In summation I would say that the experience was something similar to visiting a slightly dementing older relative and being left alone in their company for a day. The relationship between DiCaprio and The glorious Winslet (OK I'm Biased) could not carry the entire film especially given its length. I ended up praying for the iceberg and virtually cheering when DiCaprio sank without a trace. Somewhere there is a more over rated film but for the moment it escapes me.

Well, this movie had a great success... because it had all that you can require from a movie : a love story, historical background, suspense, a nice "jeune premier", social differences, special effects... everything to be sold ! The best example of a commercial movie (or how to kill the only true cinema, "le 7eme art")

If the director would take the whole lovey-dovey rich-but-unhappy-girl-meets-poor-but-noble-boy story line out of the movie, "Titanic" could be actually pretty decent and mildly entertaining. There were some touching and/or ironic moments. However, the amount of cheese made it obnoxious and annoying waste of time.

I am one of the few people, I think, that has not seen all of Titanic. I saw most of it, and couldn't sit through the rest.You see, I have a great interest in the *real* Titanic. And I truly believe that this three-hour 'epic' is the greatest insult to the tragedy ever to be put on film. It has nothing to do with the ship, or what really happened. The story would have been more realistic set in some city! As it is the ship is just pushed into the background of a love story that could never, and I repeat never, have happened in true life. Rose would never even have met Jack, and most likely she would not have wanted to! Steerage passengers on the Titanic, and all other ocean liners of the time, were strictly prohibited from association with the other classes, and first class held themselves so aloof that they did not even look on second class, let alone steerage, as human beings let alone material for lovers. Rose would have been raised with these attitudes; they would have been engraved in her no matter how 'free-spirited' she was! And what are the chances that a noblewoman, who has likely never done a lick of work in her life, could ever swing an axe without chopping off someone's hand? Nil.This movie is nothing but Hollywood capitalising on a tragedy that cost hundreds of lives. The only really fitting tribute to the doomed liner is Titanic the musical, which has done it's research and is a triumphant tribute to the ship and the world she sailed in, in which the characters become secondary and the doomed liner takes on a life of it's own.

I can still remember the first time I watched this and the music of the beginning of movie kept sticking on my head over and over again.

3000 men worked for two years to build the most gigantic ship of all time,The Titanic,the ship which couldn't sink. 2208 bid farewell to southampton in april 1912.Little did they know that this unsinkable ship was going to sink on its maiden voyage itself. Tragedy struck,1503 people died leaving the whole world shell- shocked. Good story for a movie,right? So James Cameron decided to do it.Years of obsession,research,plotting and 200 million USD went into making this film making it the costliest and the riskiest film of all time. The result? Titanic became the highest grossing movie ever and is still the 2nd highest grosssing film of all time,only 2nd to james cameron's own avatar. What makes the film so special? Its the way it unfolds,the way it is engineered by cameron. The writing,special effects are beyond brilliant,the fictional part of the film has become iconic,everything clicks. When the movie starts,during 1st few seconds,the background music plays and right there you know that this film is going to be special,it goes on for more than 3 hours and in those 3 hours,we are told the great story of the titanic. We get to experience the splendour of the ship,know the perspective of ALL the characters and that in my opinion is where the film wins. Cameron lets us to see the things from every character's perspective,be it jack,fabrizio,rose,her mother,her fiancé,her fiance's right hand,the captain,the passengers,EVERYONE. We see how they see things and it is amazing. The tragedy is shown in perhaps the best possible way.The thrill,the tension,the fascination,the grandeur,the love,the tragedy,in these 200 minutes,we experience it all. Kudos to Cameron for making this unforgettable and immortal piece of cinema which will be watched and loved by generations to come. From a guy who has seen the whole film in excess of 130 times and is still in awe of this magical story,here's a piece of advise- watch this film now if u haven't. It will stay with u for a very,very long time. U don't watch titanic,u experience titanic. The best of the best!

This is going to be a short review for Titanic.Plot: The plot of the film is really amazing. If you want a three-hour long love story, this is the movie for you. Another movie worth watching is "A Walk to Remember", starring Mandy Moore and it is a movie that I have seen and it is spectacular. The entire 196-minute picture centers around two lovers: one rich girl named Rose DeWitt Bukater and poor artist Jack Dawson (portrayed nicely by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio) as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during it's ill-fated maiden voyage.Characters and Story: James Cameron wrote a story that shines out, but the dialogue is very clichéd and cheesy in a few areas. The characters are all well portrayed and I give to the two main actors, also credit to Billy Zane, who plays Cal, he is the character you want to hate. Kathy Bates, Bernard Hill, Frances Fisher, Johnathan Hyde, Danny Nucci, David Warner, Bill Paxton and the late Gloria Stuart, who plays older Rose in this film and she should have deserved an Oscar.Visuals: This is where the movie shines. James Cameron wanted to make a movie about the Titanic and it shows, with it's $200 million dollar budget and he made this movie historically accurate as possible. The ship's sinking scene is one of the coolest thing they could do with CGI and practical effects and it is awesome.Sound / Music: The music is awesome and fantastic. James Horner composed a musical score and he is fantastic. The film's theme song, "My Heart Will Go On", performed by Celine Dion and I love it and a lot of people has did covers of this song and I listen to this version and it was fantastic.Enjoyment: TITANIC is a good classic, epic romantic disaster film that I have no problem watching once in a while. The film won 11 Oscars including Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. It made $2 billion dollars worldwide and it is just fantastic. 10/10.

The following review was written by Francesca, an Italian student, as part of her English language studies: The Titanic is a moving film. The main characters are Jack (Leonardo Di Caprio) and Rose (Kate Winslet),and they both very well in this film. Jack is a poor boy, but Rose is the daughter in a rich family.One day Jack wins some money and he goes on the Titantic. Rose is also on board the same ship. There they meet, and fall in love, but their circumstances mean they can't stay together. And then something terrible happens...The movie follows a great storyline and I think it is very beautiful.

This story started off quite slow giving you time to observe and appreciate the 'Titanic', the scenes seemed to look very realistic and it really puts the in the story of the 'Titanic'. James Cameron really knows what actors suit certain films and here he was spot on yet again Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet make quite a duo for this film and are very believable lovers, DiCaprio was and still is one of the greatest actors and this film was kind of a boosting point for him as he managed to move up in the acting hierarchy. This too for Winslet was a Boosting/Lift off point for her, she became more well known and began to feature in larger films. I also loved the part of Jonathan Hyde, He also was a large actor of his time and he played a believable character Very few people are not moved by this story, most people are in tears by the end of the film. Certain scenes are very moving and easily reduce the viewer to sobbing. The music was perfect, it couldn't have suited the film any better.James Cameron was seen to have done the impossible to create such a realistic true story of a great disaster such as the 'Titanic', This film became so popular and has made people appreciate those of the 'Titanic', For this I applaud Cameron for his fantastic Work.

To admit this is the first time I have watched TITANIC from A to Z might hinder my credibility as a serious film critic (as least a self-acclaimed title), I have had several sketchy viewings during all these years but never conquered it entirely, then all of sudden it occurred to me a few days ago this is the biggest loophole in my filmography which I should mend ASAP, so after the lengthy 3 hour saga, now I could feel calmer in facing the numerous household names still stuck in my to-be-watched list and meanwhile other potential newcomers have never stopped emerging.To be honest with oneself, no one could deny TITANIC is a monumental masterpiece, the visual stunts are so compelling and marvel me in its verisimilitude of reconstructing such a monolith setting (what's more indomitable is the fact that it has survived a 15 year interval which should have been a light-year in the evolution of digital technology, and will still stand out not only among its peers). Also the film is a well-crafted emotional vehicle of a catastrophe depicting in an impeccable way to render immaculate empathy towards its audience as if we were literally heading towards our own doomsday (I did redden my eyes when the valedictory score was accompanying the final farewell). The love story of Jack and Rose, although being a bit predictable and the black or white of the character development is somewhat perfunctory given the ample running time it has, could universally strike a chord in any corner of the world, DiCaprio and Winslet have generated unparalleled chemistry on screen (especially for Kate, since she has a more narrative arc to accomplish). Billy Zane, whose past 15 years has testified that he could never outshine this tailor-made character. Gloria Stuart and Katy Bates are both in my top 10 list of the supporting category, and since I'm re-watching DOWNTON ABBEY these days, whose correlation with TITANIC has suggested that all the first-class passengers don't need to change any outfit to be grafted into the red-hot show, maybe Katy Bates could reprise her role as the survival of the calamity, Julian Fellowes might give it a shot. To be the all-time highest grossing film in North America, and the runner-up if put under the international parameter (after Cameron's own brooding AVATOR 2009, 9/10), TITANIC has every reason to be loved by the majority of the mass, and it may not be among the top- tier darling among orthodox film critics, but will remain as a tenacious one in my list. Another afterthought is that I hope AVATOR will look as fabulous as TITANIC now when 2024 eventually arrives.

Much of the 3D conversion in the earlier part of the film looked phony and actually detracted from the story. The images looked like multiple 2D layers pasted at different distances and each layer looked flat and lacked depth, making for an incongruous and distracting image, unlike a film shot with a twin lens camera to begin with.Later scenes, shot at greater distances where the 3D effect was more subtle, were more effective and sometimes quite stunning.(Note, review policy demands that I have at least ten lines of text. I didn't want to repeat any of the previous comments about this movie, there are over 2000 messages, good and bad, about the story. All I needed to say was in the first eight lines. Anyway, IMDb now you have your ten lines.)

I am breathless and out of words for THIS film. No, its not the best film I've seen, but it certainly comes close to being. James Cameron is a true genius and he's the person to thank.Titanic is a wholesome tragedy adapted from the historic event when more 1000 people lost their lives. This film is pure art and will never be forgotten. It is filled with extravaganza effects, worthy performances, and a simply adorable soundtrack.Leonardo DiCaprio gives one of his best performances in his career. He is simply perfect as Jack; simple, yet humanized. Kate Winslet is even better, playing Rose with Gratitude, courage, and efficiency. This is also, simply her best performance in her career.Effects are simply breathtaking. James Cameron provides with stuff that you would have never seen in the 90s. As for his direction, also benefits because of his stretchy camera angles and glorious sights. This is seriously Cameron at his BEST and there's nothing more wonderful than that.Small things like soundtracks don't usually matter in films, but this film has the best I have heard in my life! Racy, touching, and emotional; there isn't anything like it.Overall, I have no words for Titanic. Almost everything is near-perfect in this timeless classic. It is also an unforgettable cinematic experience; as well as a benchmark in history for visual effects. James Cameron has got the big job done and has succeeded thoroughly.'Go see it now, because you certainly won't be disappointed one bit with this film'

I did not like Titanic. I thought the acting was way way way over the top, it definitely was not historically accurate, and the whole old-woman-with-the-valuable-necklace thing was just way too over the top. I am a fan of Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet (I think she's maybe the best actress working today in films) but I couldn't stand this movie. The fact that is was so very over-hyped to me by my girlfriend at the time who saw it with her friends before dragging me to go see it did not help probably. The action was pretty good with great effects of the boat sailing the ocean and especially during the sinking scenes, but it felt very long and was trying way too hard to pluck at heartstrings. I don't understand why the leads had to have the fate that they did, don't want to spoil it but if you've seen it I think you know what I mean when I say why couldn't she share the furniture? Overacting, overly desperate to cause us to have an emotional reaction, I think it will go down as a well produced movie that was too basic a story, an unoriginal love story, and way over-hyped because for some reason a lot of people loved it when it came out.

"Titanic" is a prescient portent of things to come, a metaphor of human conceit.We are all passengers on the Titanic, oblivious to our fate, our planet a wreck, most of us doomed to die on the iceberg of climate change. Exactly when and where disaster will strike, no one knows for sure. But somewhere an iceberg is lurking in the dark with our name on it.The most cruel part of our fate is we have a James Cameron-class writer and director running the show. The story is bogged down and going nowhere. People are losing interest fast and falling asleep as the movie rolls.The ship we call HMS Planet Earth is doomed, but no one seems to care, just like the audience in Titanic. And, like the Titanic, there are not enough lifeboats. A whole lotta people are gonna die when the clathrate gun goes off. The good news is that there won't many icebergs left, eventually.

After seeing this movie years ago at the cinema I thought it was one of the worst movies of all time (as far as major studio pictures go). Thinking about it before posting up a review here, maybe I was a bit too harsh.In short, this story is a fictional tale of two star-crossed lovers on board a real life, famous ship (the "Titanic") that sank, killing a great percentage of its passengers and crew (um, sorry if that is a spoiler, but sheesh, you SHOULD know that!).When I am feeling particularly unkind about this film, some of my criticisms are: only director James Cameron could look at the story of the Titanic and think "Hmmm. That story could make a good movie...IF ONLY IT HAD MORE DRAMA!". Yeah, sinking ship, hundreds dead, needs MORE drama!Another peeve about this movie is how Cameron can't resist manipulating our sympathies to characters by resorting to melodrama and crudely drawn characters who we find easy to hate, in order to have us rooting for other characters. E.g. Billy Zane's character of Hockley. Didn't quite throw a chihuahua into the ice-cold ocean, but nasty enough to do everything short of this. Really, a more sophisticated script could have made him a figure deserving of our sympathy too.A minor peeve is how one of those star crossed lovers, Kate Winslet's Rose, is quite prescient and insightful about the ship's situation...just didn't seem very plausible for one so young and unschooled in such matters.Despite thinking this movie one of the all time stinkers (for a major studio release) I did, at the time, think it a master-stroke to have the two star-crossed lovers at the centre of this tale (Kate Winslet's "Rose" and Leonardo DiCaprio's "Jack"). It is just a brilliant device in order to hook you and reel you into this great historical drama/tragedy. Again, it was a great pity that Cameron chose not to make a victim of people like Hockley as well, instead of demonising him. And it's not as if Cameron didn't have alternatives in his own script. For instance, Jack's sketching of Rose could have provided a more believable foundation on which to base a relationship on instead of the hysterical melodrama Cameron resorts to to get them together.Perhaps the time-frame of the sinking made melodrama necessary.Truly spectacular but deserved Razzies for things like script and direction.Despite my criticisms, when Titanic eventually hits the ice-berg, the movie is an absolute thrill ride and quite exhilarating.P.S. must put in a word for the great Australian song by Flash and the Pan "Down among the dead men". It's not in this movie (Celine Dion does the theme song), but the Flash and the Pan song is actually about the Titanic and is a brilliant pop song...beautiful too. Look it up on You Tube.

A decent enough movie with near unlimited potential, unfortunately marred by a ending that nearly had me LAUGHING it was so bad. Leonardo de'caprio may have been a relatively good catch, but at some points, repeating the same line over and over and over and over and OVER again just got old. the soundtrack is one of the best parts though, some (now) Extremely recognizable music spawned from that movie. with slightly better acting and a DECENT writer, it may have fared better with me, but it ended up being the butt of my joke. if they make a remake in ten years or so, I can only hope that It doesn't end up being as bad as this movie was.a 3/5 for originality a 1/5 for writing, script and ending a 2/5 for SGI a total of 1/5 (3/10)Better luck next time.

Titanic, in its day, was a film that captivated movie audiences all over the world. I had to admit that when it came out I wanted so badly to see and watch how the modern special effects would recreate the sinking of the liner. However, looking back on this picture in 2005 I have come to realize that despite some breathtaking special effects this film really isn't that original and doesn't really fit in to the aura of great American films, due solely on its lackluster script.The first problem with this movie was its lack of originality. Cameron had obviously lifted many scenes from the 1953 Titanic, and the excellent 1958 A Night to Remember. Rose's attempt to rid herself of her elitist rich lifestyle and its confines reign eerily familiar as Barbara Stanwyck tries to do the same for her children in the 1953 version. Also many of the sinking sequences reign familiar from the 1958 ANTR. Even the blocking and staging of the scenes are almost identical in their set up aka Thomas Andrews poetic stance in front of the Titanic's fireplace during the sinking. The film also fails, as the 1953 did on a level, in relegating the really interesting story of the sinking to the background of the plot. We are so in to the Jack and Rose story that when the sinking occurs it is given less time. We are always worrying about Jack and Rose that we miss out on all the other interesting stories that occurred on the night of the sinking and it is this point that leads to another major flaw in the story. By allowing the audience to feel the fear of the ship sinking, by watching Jack and Rose fight there way up flooded corridors, it diminishes the complacency the Titanic's passengers had towards the sinking. In ANTR we are lulled by the lack of panic by the passengers and crew when it comes to the disaster and then are shocked to see the ship sink. In Titanic Cameron is so worried about Jack and Rose that he compresses those scenes in which the lifeboats are being loaded off and thus creates a panicked feeling amongst the passengers when in reality they should be more reserved about the danger until almost the end.The second problem comes from the the archetypal and caricature way in which Cameron tries to explain the class division on the ship. Painting first class passengers in an ugly way, and third class passengers as selfless heroes is a tremendous error on the part of the filmmakers. Showing them in such a black and white way may help the audience see why Rose wants to flee her life and join Jack in his, but in doing so Cameron has severely misrepresented the actuality of the time. He almost makes it as if on the night of the sinking it was as if the first class passengers ardently wanted the third class passengers to not make it to the lifeboats. There was a whole array of behaviors in all three classes on the ship at that time. Painting the characters into such rigid, one dimensional ways was a big flaw on Cameron's part.The third problem lies in the acting and the love-story. Leonardo DiCaprio isn't one of the better actors out there. Despite the praise he gets from a lot of people I feel he's just a mediocre actor who happens to get cast in some high quality A level films. DiCaprio's Jack seems dramatically out of place in 1912. This is not mainly DiCaprio's fault as Cameron script is weak. He is written like a 1990's free spirit idealistic artist. DiCaprio obviously did not take the time to gear his Los Angeles Valley accent to that of a boy from turn of the century Wisconsin. His intonation in speech is indicative of that and he insults the British Winslet's fine execution of an American accent. He does not seem a product of his time. Jack's vulgarities throughout the movie, which where suggested in part be DiCaprio himself, seem out of touch with 1912. Vulgarities would be expected by a man of Jack's upbringing but the way he says S**T makes him sound like a 1990's teenager. We also never get to see Jack from the prospective of being dirt poor and the effect that fact has on his life. Instead Cameron only shows the idolized side that in the end inspires Rose to set out on her own. That in itself is a major flaw in the script. Jack does not seem to be a person by just an ideal to allow Rose to break free from her ties. And if Jack is just an ideal than how can we really believe that the two of them, have found a love with one another that will last. All the while one has to wonder what life would have been like for the two of them once the Honeymoon was over. Now that would have made for an interesting movie. Unfortunately DiCaprio's popularity as a teen star was just at its zenith when the movie was released creating one of the main reasons why this film had such a major draw at the time. DiCaprio's is not the only actor who is bad. Billy Zane gives an over the top, caricature performance as Cal, yet his less blameless due to the attitude in which his character was probably devised as (rich, mean , and arrogant). The only actor/actresses who seem to shine are Victor Garber as the astute and dedicated Thomas Andrews, and Kathy Bates as the brassy Maggie Brown (she was never called Molly during her lifetime). Unfortunately there parts are tiny in the film.All and all I say that Titanic, although visually impressive, falls flat just about every place else. You should only see it for its visuals and not for anything else. 4 out of 10

...but ergh! Too frilly and mushy for me, I must stress that me, ,for me! I have been interested in the Titanic ever since I was a young boy, but everyone skitted me for it and said it was sad. But now, it is the only thing to talk about, and if you have not seen it you are some kind of pariah and freak. The special effects were the best we can do at this time (Wait 'till you see Star Wars though!) and the acting was OK, but the story was a disgrace. Portraying the ship's first officer as a murderous villain is a travesty! He was actually one of the few crew members who knew what was going on after the captain went barmy. The mass of hype is a bit sickening and people going to see it 13 times or more need help, the most I have watched a movie is 25 times and that's over a period of 14 years! A good try, but not deserving of all the Oscars it received. I come from Liverpool, where the Titanic was registered, and I know that this great ship holds a special place in many Scouser's hearts, but let's have a film that tells the truth!

TITANIC is actually two films. The first film is a very unlikely love story so syrupy it can cause diabetes. Then it suddenly mutates into a James Bond film where - wait for this - Bond is played by Kate Winslet. Maybe this isn't entirely accurate because James is total fantasy , but never becomes as unbelievable as this. Oh and at least in a Bond film the Brits are the good guys unlike here where they are invaribly cruel , stupid and/or cowardly. Also at no point in a Bond film does a script change the laws of physics where it's possible for someone to escape from the undercurrants of a ship weighing thousands of tons. Oh and the special effects are better in Bond films , TITANIC's are not entirely convincing.But the most fantastic thing about TITANIC isn't the fact it made so much money at the box office ( This is explained by 14 year old girls lining up at the cinema to watch Leonardo for the 25th time ) but the fact this film won 11 ( Yes Eleven.You read that right ) Oscars, equalling the total held by BEN HUR. What the hell were the Academy thinking ? I know they didn't give any awards for the quality of the acting or even nominated the screenplay for an Oscar ( They got that right . Boy did they get that right ) but for it to win 11 Oscars including Best Picture ( Didn't any of the voters watch LA CONFIDENTIAL ? ) really upset me because films like GONE WITH THE WIND , etc didn't get that many

A tear jerking fiction based on a diaster, long on boring details with a plot that any grade 1 student can write. Complete with totally lousy acting, terrible screenplay and over rated directing. Worst movie of the century. A MUST see movie if you have a sleeping disorder.The money spent to make this movie could feed millions of starving children.John Cameron maybe an okay director but cannot hold a candle to Robert Wise.

I saw this one in the movie theater and kept cringing through the whole film. This film is so full of moments and actors etc. which done a little differently would have made me like the film, perhaps. The film isn't 'Gigli'-bad, it is fairly typical of Camerons new found style of making three digit milj. - budget films. I liked the original Terminator, it worked even if it sometimes looks a bit dated. The Titanic looks outdated already, and it doesn't have much going for itself except the remnants of the marketing campaign. 1/10.

My job requires me to travel every week to some other part of the country and I usually come home on the weekends. This summer I traveled from Washington to California every week. So twice a week I was on a 5 hour flight. I will not mention the airline, but they decided to capitalize on Titanic's popularity and show it as many times as they could. Well, guess what. I ended up having to sit through Titanic a total of 6 times!!! This must be what hell is like. I had to sit through a movie 6 times more than I wanted to see it. I saw it at the movies (friends payed for the ticket because I wouldn't see it otherwise) and I thought to myself what a crappy movie. But after being subjected to a whole month of Cameron and Leo I hate this movie more than anything else in existence. You see, the flights I'm on either have One big screen for the whole cabin or strategicaly placed monitors. So even if you don't "RENT" the headset you still have to be subjected to the visual "majesty" of Titanic. Those of you who don't like this movie don't need me to tell you what's wrong with it, and those who love it probably won't get past a review that doesn't start with "THIS IS THE GREATEST FILM EVER!!" So I just wanted to share my experience and offer to you this little question.What if you were trapped in a room where where your eyes were taped open and you had to "experience" Titanic over and over and over and over and over....

It reminds me of Star Wars in the sense that it was a good film, even maybe considered a great film. Yet no way should this film have gotten the media hype, and numerous awards which it did. I like Star Wars a lot, just like this, but one thing I hope to never see is a Kate Winslet/ L. Dicaprio (don't get me started about his acting skills, if any even exist) model figurines in an antique shop for 200$. *** or maybe ***1/2 stars for this flick, but don't bother to see it more than once- James Cameron is rich enough as is.

I didn't see the Titanic in the cinema when it opened, it was my pure pride not seeing the most comercial film of all times. But that after some time (3 months) I got a free ticket for a small cinema matinee. So I said screw it, let's see it. At the start it was OK but than soap opera started. Man, how can you stand to hear that BS all the time ?? Leo is dying, so what and he's doing it at least 30 minutes. And three hours long film, please ! The movie made for the little teenage girls, who go to cinema just to see the Di Crapio. The only good thing in the movie are the scenes, which are really cool made.

For a movie that had so much money wasted on it, I found the (very expensive) computer animation to be quite bad. Have you watched Jurassic Park recently, and thought "hey, that dinosaur animation looks really fake now!", when it looked impressive the first time you saw it? -- I think that is how the animation in Titanic will look like in a couple of years.You will notice that the computerised people in the film have perfectly spherical heads, they waddle rather than walk, and they all waddle in exactly the same way. It's a bit like watching a synchronised dancers in a music video. Because the computer animation scenes were interspersed with live action scenes, I found the jumps between the two jarred a lot. Lighting and fog levels did not match very well between the two. Computer animation technology is capable of much more than Titanic demonstrated.In a few years, Titanic will look cheap -- but just like Jurassic Park, people went to see it for the special effects. Unfortunately, the special effects will not last the test of time, and with such a weak storyline this is not a movie that will become a classic.

When I first heard, that James Cameron was going to make a film about Titanic, I had big expectations. I thought that it was going to be a movie that would stun me. Sadly it was a big disappointment. The movie never interested me, I was bored and never stunned by the special effects. The sinking of Titanic was a disaster and Cameron never gave me the impression that it was a disaster. I never saw real emotions, it all came down on overacting and commercial emotions. I guess for someone who doesn't see as many movies as I do, Titanic will be a great movie. The movie never worked up to its expections and it never showed why it had cost so much money. I think most people love the film because the commercials told them it was the greatest movie ever. Also the acting of both main characters was below every expectation, this is proven by the fact that none of them won an Acadamy award.

This movie made way too much money!  Cameron shouldn't direct a love story! There was way too much hype behind this movie, the music got old VERY VERY QUICKLY mostly due to the radio stations playing it several times within each day, Decaprio, isn't a very good actor, and he kinda looks like one of the Hanson brothers, meaning VERY feminine!  This movie was also way too long for a love story!  If you want to see a good love story see What Dreams May Come!  Due to this film, I now dislike the name Cameron, and that's pretty bad coming from someone who loved Abyss, Terminator2, and Aliens, to put it simply I hated this film!

It looks very good and the technical aspects are to be admired, but when you get to the nuts and bolts (script and acting) it just sucks.Im never going to get the 3 hours of my life back that I wasted watching this 'movie'Yuck.

I was impressed with detail they put into the facts of the circumstances and the detail to the time period.  But the dialogue was cliched and predictable. Plus the acting was not at it's "best".

I have watched this movie hundreds of times and I have never gotten tired of it. If you call it overrated, tripe, sappy then obviously you are watching something twilight related. Maybe it isn't 100% accurate but at lest it doesn't insult any body who died on that horrible night. My vote 10

This movie is tiresome in the extreme, totally over-hyped, over-rewarded and ridiculous. I first saw it when it first came out and the interminable amount of time it took before the iceberg hove into view was mind-numbing. So many problems. The opening framing device was totally unnecessary and felt sooooo long, while adding nothing to our understanding, nor even piqueing our interest (wasn't that supposed to be the intention?).Then the cast of stereotypes! Awful, and all saddled with flat, uninspired dialogue or worse still, retrospective smart-alec bits ("Picasso? He won't amount to much", "Freud? Who is he? Is he one of the passengers?" .....groan). The fatal casting of Leonardo di Caprio, still in his baby face mode as a well travelled man of the arts (???), while Kate Winslett, mature and a little blowsy (nothing wrong with that) appears almost old enough to be his mother, is a serious misjudgement. Her fiancé (a luckless Billy Zane) lacked only a moustache that he could fiendishly twist in his most unctuous moments. A total pantomime creation (the villain in Avatar was a similar one dimensional character). I saw the beginning on TV recently and watched again up until Kate is rescued from leaping off the stern. I hoped that I might be able to reassess it. No chance. It got me just as annoyed as the first time, the improbabilities just as ludicrous (would the crew REALLY have allowed Leo and chum to the bow to yell "King of the world"?). The only reason this got two stars was for the technical sequences during the sinking, but as for the fate of the protagonists, by that stage I was past caring. If only they had employed a talented screen writer. Such a waste.

This is one of the most overrated movies of all time. I didn't find a single reason to love it.It's long, boring and ends in a pathetic way. Those who say the ship- wrecking scene is great in terms of visuals need to watch 2001: A Space Odyssey which has much better visuals than this movie and was made in 1968 (its a sci-fi about space).This is a complete waste of time. It's way too long. It's so boring. It's a bad love story. There are no great visuals as people say. The fanboys are worst. Cameron is a great director but sorry this movie sucks. I wasted my 3 hours on this piece of garbage.

Over the years, it seems that people love to hate Titanic. Despite it's 11 Oscars and the fact that it is one of the largest ever box office successes(I think 5th, adjusting for inflation), over the years its almost as if its cool to hate Titanic. That the love story and the characters are cliché and soppy and the story is completely unrealistic. That only romantic, love-obsessed girls would watch it and cry about how they'll never get a man as gorgeous as Leonardio DiCaprio. The 'draw me like one of your French girls' is probably one of the most made fun of scenes in a movie that I've ever heard. These people fail to realize that Titanic is a movie. It's not supposed to be realistic - it shows a blown up, exaggerated version of reality to capture our imagination and our hearts. And it succeeds impressively. Leonardo DiCaprio is good, but not his best (watch The Departed or Wolf of Wall Street for Leo's acting abilities). Kate Winslet was probably slightly better. But the magic about Titanic is the story and the directing. From the beginning, the characters captivate you. They are not superficial - in contrary, they have flaws and advantages, just like everyone else. The movie is long but the pace is not slow. Every scene is necessary and Cameron does a great job in making us want this couple to make it. I don't need to mention that the music is exceptional, complimenting the atmosphere perfectly. The effects are good and very realistic (it shows that Cameron actually visited the Titanic before filming). Most of all, it is apparent that this movie is an epic. I definitely consider it as one of the best love stories of recent time. It is a little cliché and a little soppy, but I promise you won't regret watching it. So ignore the haters and go and enjoy it for what it is: a romantic drama with amazing characters, music, directing and background. Even if you hate it, at least you'll be able to laugh about it with your friends!

I saw this movie again and again & noticed more and more dedication and love for this movie..Titanic's central aspect is the love story between Jack and Rose, and the crush it has on Cal. The romantic story isn't original, but this is not a bad thing. Cameron re-invents the story to fit the time period and its characters. Everything fits perfectly, with nothing ever seeming contrived or awkward. Jack's immediate interest in Rose, and Rose likewise, is completely understandable. She is suffering emotionally, and Jack is there to support her. Themes from Romeo and Juliet are included, such as Rose being an upper-classman, and Jack being lower class. But the emotional connection between Rose and Jack is almost palpable, and this fuels the film's first two hours. We watch the trials of Jack and Rose, and as they overcome them, the ship comes closer to destiny. With a ship as large as the Titanic was, it was destined to crash. And of course, the ship isn't stocked with enough lifeboats to accommodate the 2,200 passengers. In the end, over 700 people survive, while the rest drown, freeze, or commit suicide. The resolution of the film, after the ship's gone under, is just as powerful as anything else in the movie. It ends rather surprisingly, with a touching symbolic conclusion. Most films end predictably, or inappropriately, but Titanic ends just on the right note. In fact, the symbolism of the final scene is so perfect, that many people will contemplate over the meaning for months. The film does end rather depressingly, and unexpectedly, but when you think about it, it couldn't have ended any other way. All the questions are answered, and we are left with a weak smile due to the intense situation we were just put through. The Titanic sinking is an emotional roller coaster, with many more realistic deaths than any Independence Day. The death scenes are so realistic, that you find yourself caring for every single passenger. Cameron never compromises the integrity of his film, and the deaths of the passengers is never overemphasized. He doesn't linger on each death, but takes it as it comes to show us the realism without trying to force emotions out of the audience. But emotions do show, and almost anyone will find themselves wiping away a few tears. Hats off for this masterpiece..!

This movie touches the hearts of many many Americans to this day. Not only will it stand the test of time, but it will remain in the hearts of many people throughout the world.This movie is so touching and moving that it makes you want to start balling right in front of everyone. Not only that, but it takes you on a thrill ride which will be unforgettable. The acting in this film is absolutely superb and could not have been any better. The casting was selected so perfectly and carefully that it could not have gone wrong. And of course the director, James Cameron, is without a doubt one of the most amazing directors I've ever seen. He manages to make you cry, but at the same time is able to keep your heart racing. Not many directors can pull this off.Another factor in this film which makes it so outstanding is the music. The music is very diverse in different parts of the movie. James Horner did an amazing job with the overall score. It can be either very suspenseful, or very soft and enlightening. And I don't know about you but when Celine Dion starts singing, there is no way that you can keep tears from staying in your eyes.Okay sure this film can make you cry, we know this. But this is one of the only love stories to date to absolutely horrify people. Some of the scenes where the ship is sinking are horrendous. The visual effects are exceptional for a 1990's film. They really do look real and create effects which are shocking to watch.Many people disagree that this is a remarkable movie just because it is not completely factual. Well guess what? Get over it. It was not made to be 100% accurate alright. It was meant to show the deep passion between two lovers and there willingness to save each others lives. For all you haters out there, we all know that you force your horrible opinions about a movie just so that you feel special. I mean who are you trying to kid? I know, you know, and America knows that this is one of the most mesmerizing and astonishing films ever made. This is an honorable movie and deserved each and every award that it got.I cannot tell you how much a cherish this film and all of its glory. It is an absolute necessity for any movie collection and is a landmark and role model for any good film to come. Not very many films will ever top it. If this film does not get your heart racing then you don't have one at all. And if this film does not move you as much as it moved me, then you don't know what a good movie is. It will go down in history as one of those epic movies. One that will never be forgotten. And all the haters, don't worry you'll come to your senses one day. Overall, a complete 10 out of 10. An incomparable masterpiece of epic proportions.

Titanic enriches us with a romantic story of young love, passion and feelings, full of utopias and dreams, mother and child fighting for power and greed, idealistic and self-identified clashes within a consenting human ambitions society and victims of their own vanity and pomposity. This is one of the films that most shocked the general public in the last twenty years. The huge collections that are logical because they got obvious that Titanic has one of those stories full of strength and feeling, with great dramatic content. If we add the stunning beauty of the image, thanks to advances in digital technology, success is understandable. Very successful movie, which tells the story of the sinking of the ship, but in the background shows a passionate love story. It achieves a harmonious balance in that, in the mix of history and feelings, and makes it almost perfect.

I have to say, when it comes to romantic flicks, people seem to go to extremes (and I admit, I've done it too, giving Titanic a ten). It seems you either love it with a vengeance and woe betide anyone who doesn't agree, or you hate it so passionately you would happily murder the poor actors and actresses simply for appearing in it.This is ridiculous. While I do enjoy the film, I have no problems with people who didn't, and if they dislike the romance then that's their opinion, which they're entitled to. Seriously, why turn it into something? Personally speaking, this is still one of my favourite films, and I saw it years after it came out (as always) so the success had ebbed away. But unlike so many, I didn't go with expectations. All those people who went for a documentary on the disaster, or endless shots of old Leo... I saw it without expecting anything. I didn't give a monkeys about DiCaprio, I knew next to nothing about the actual disaster, and I was simply hoping it deserved its record-breaking 11 Academy Awards. And I thought it did, frankly.The acting was top-notch, the music was wonderful, the visuals were stunning. While the romance was indeed stereotypical and contrived (and I gave this a ten), it was still pulled off excellently, and I really did feel for the character, which is a mark of a good film. I don't think that the ending spoilt the film, which many people think it did. I am not saying that they are wrong, or that I am right, because that's not true. It's about opinions. I just thought it was a nice touch - a sort of backhanded happy ending to round off an otherwise rather depressing Now-they'll-never-see-each-other-again scenario. I thought the film had many, many memorable moments, and the disaster itself was not downplayed - it fitted smoothly around the romance, which incidentally helped to give a sense of perspective to the whole thing. Many couples really will have been torn apart that night, albeit probably not from different classes. The sheer drama unfolding on-screen cannot really be questioned. It can be disliked, of course. But it is good acting nevertheless.

I must say I'm surprised at the low IMDb rating of 7.3 and that there are a lot of negative reviews on this website. But compared with millions loving this and winner of 11 academy awards, those voices of discontent against this film are left in the shade. Arguably for me James Cameron's greatest film. Titanic is a true epic of colossal scale. The acting is brilliant particularly with Leonardo Decaprio and Kate Winslet as Jack and Rose. They light up the screen as the two lovers separated by social class but not love. There romance is so beautifully depicted that you can't help but smile. The romantic story set aside the sinking is flawlessly intertwined.Though the film is in two parts the romance and the sinking the first hour and a half gives you the chance to come to know these two characters and others like nasty Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) and LoveJoy (David Warner) who play there parts excellently well with great support from Kathy Bates who plays the lively Molly Brown. There are some beautiful and forever memorable scenes between Jack and Rose when Jack first sees her, the third class party, when they kiss on the bow of the ship, Jack painting her naked, when they make love in the car and when they are both in the water after the ship has sunk and Jack dies. All these scenes and others are amazing. The music score by James Horner is hauntingly beautiful and sombre and made me cry when you see the full sinking in all it's horror.And you do James Cameron depicts everything showing not just the sinking from Jack and Roses perspective but different people in different parts of the ship as they scream desperately for help. So you end up caring not just for the main characters but all the small cameo roles played by hundreds of people. Morality questions are raised about how things were handled by white star liner. These are haunting images that burn in your mind and stay with you long after. The most haunting scene is when loads of passengers are in the water and when most of them had died. The cameras focusing on one of the lifeboats coming back is the ethereal feel of a mythic force. Cameron creates suspense and tension at whether the two lovers will survive and you just deeply care about them. The costumes and ship itself look simply magnificent and are a wonder to look at. The end scene as well where the old Rose dies in her sleep and has the happy memory of marrying Jack on Titanic and when he dies in the water made me cry my eyes out and is one of the best scenes I have ever seen in film. Titanic is a epic film and James Cameron has shown this disaster in all it's horror and is a tribute to the victims of this tragedy. In 2012 there has been a rumour that he is going to re-release the film in 3D. It will be even more incredible no doubt (he proved that with Avatar) but it's the storytelling,which will recapture the myth of this fascinating tale that has been told throughout world generations. Even now as one reviewer Baybee from Austrailia quotes about Titanic the film."This would have to be one of the most wonderful films of the 20th century and one that will never be forgotten"I couldn't have put it better myself. Even after watching this time after time the film still has that powerful impact of making me feel sad. Truly remarkable.

This is an INCREDIBLE movie. Every bit of it was beautifully shot, and the accuracies to the look of the actual Titanic were miraculously on point. This movie is, in one word, iconic. Everyone knew the Titanic, and now everyone knows this movie. It is arguably one of the most famous love stories of all time, and although the concept is tired: rich girl meets poor boy, they can't be together, etc., the fact that they are aboard the infamous RMS Titanic is reason enough to consider it different. Every scene is gorgeously picturesque, and makes for some of the most memorable movie moments ever. The actors are also great, and the characters really make this story. Although Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet aren't quite yet at their prime in their most famous movie, they play these characters convincingly and with a lot of heart. You feel for them every step of the way, and DiCaprio and Winslet have a chemistry that simply can't be matched. You can tell how much they care about each other as people, and that translates into a fiercely protective, emotionally powerful romance on screen. Overall, this movie is one of the best out there. Its length (around three hours) may bother some people, but it never feels tedious to watch. James Cameron is an impeccable director that looks to make every detail perfect, and some of the small, seemingly insignificant scenes he added were a few of the most moving of the entire film. Titanic is a passionate, beautiful story of a doomed love that will keep your heart racing and your tears flowing until the very end.

I'll start with the good in this movie- the production design and some of the supporting acting.Now the bad- pretty much everything elseEveryone says, no, you've got it wrong because it's truly beautiful. Well, I hate to break it to you, but I am a film lover who does like touching, beautiful dramas. I'm not some guy who sits around criticizing movies. But this is just disturbing. The message of this film is basically "Americans can fall for soap-opera material that looks like a movie, and it can become the most overrated piece of trash of all time". I mean seriously, it's just a really shallow and overly-touchy love story with really obnoxious tendencies to take itself waaayy to seriously. Honestly, James Cameron directed Terminator 2, which I thought was really fun and enjoyable because though it had a coherent story, it was purposely far-fetched and seemed to understand that. Titanic is three-and-a-half hours of pain-inducing mediocrity (except for the previously mentioned design), with completely over-the-top sappiness and the cheapest tricks in the book as far as getting a simple-minded audience to feel really tingly inside. And this won 11 Academy Awards? I've got a review for the only other movie to achieve this feat, Return of the King, which I didn't like either, but I've got to say it was better than this. My only question is, why, America? Why does crap like this become so acclaimed? I think the reason this won all those Oscars was its popularity. And why is it so popular? In conclusion, Titanic is a bad episode of Days of Our Lives with a little spicing-up of the visuals and a little more emotional manipulation. But it amounts to what should have been a little blip on the radar that everyone understood as mediocrity. Instead people consider this "art" and "beautiful, powerful, compelling". So the only productive thing this movie has really done is to show us that America has pretty low tastes in entertainment, and seems to think that it's somehow artistic.

Since this movie was released in December 1997, i became crazy about this movie. the feeling of the people about 96 years ago, the heart wrenching sadness and the mega disaster of the 20th century is shown in this movie. the romantic tale of Jack Dawson and Rose Dewitt Bukater is clearly shown in this movie.the story is a first grade story. the recreation of the mega disaster. the stunts, the breaking of the proud liner adds grandeur to the movie. the movie was mostly done is water. but the contribution of james horner is much more. the slow music creates much magnification to many scenes. even now when i hear the music, it reminds me of the that night when 1500 perished in that night. no other movie can ever take its place.it is so called- the king of movies.

Every once and while there is a film that sweeps the movie critics, and audiences off their feet, one of the greatest examples would be this film. It hits every emotion the human body can produce, and then some. It bleeds through your mind and heart, the moment the film starts. It has the perfect mixture of love, romance, tragedy, humor, excitement, and adventure, without exploiting or going over the top. This film showcases love can withstand anything, and will break through barriers big or small, and has a very unique message that says their is beauty and happiness through great tragedy, and that heartbreak and loss can only make you stronger. The film is epic, and has beautiful cinematography, with lush costumes, Oscar worthy performances, breathtaking special effects, a very universal story that any country could understand, and has a score that not only sound gorgeous, but contributes to the story. Through out my life their are very few films that stick out, and remind me of the very first time I saw that movie, on a scale from one to ten, this would be a twenty. And is one of the three films to receive eleven Oscars, major ones including Best Picture, Director, Editing, Score, Special Effects, and Cinematography, Art Direction, Costume Design, Sound Effects, Sound, Song, and received three nominations, including Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best Actress in a Supporting Role, and Best Makeup.

An absolutely terrific film. I saw it when it first came out in the theater and loved it. Breathtaking, romantic, epic and terribly sad.My only gripe with the film is the ending. Granted, I understand it makes more dramatic sense for Jack to die, but the reason he dies is so stupid. He tries to get on the door with Rose and it starts to sink. So, he gallantly allows her to stay on the door while he freezes to death in the Atlantic.Um ... could you try balancing on either end? Here Rose, you sit on this end, and I'll sit on the other. Let's just try it. Maybe it won't work, but it's better than prying my dead, frozen hands off the door at the end of the film. Or hey, maybe I'll swim around for a few minutes and see if I can find another piece of debris to float on. It's just dumb that neither of these options occur to them.Again, I get the reasons why, for the story's sake, Jack must die. It just doesn't make any sense outside the dramatic impetus.Otherwise, terrific film. I could see it again and again without getting tired of it.

I fell in love with this movie the first time I saw it. But what I sometimes get annoyed at (and Man in the Iron Mask had the exact same problem) is that everyone is oohing and awwing at Leo's hotness when they don't realize the philosophy behind it. The real message of this movie is that if we knew what would happen tomorrow, there would be no point in living. We just have to take things as they come because there is no predicting what tomorrow will hold. So basically, caution is life's curse. Another philosophical message of this movie which is also political is that we have no control over the lives we're born into. We just have to make the best of them. I love this movie and I wish others would appreciate it the same way that I do.

Let me preface this by saying I don't like "chick flicks". While Titanic does fall into this category, it also transcends it. It is a smartly crafted (having the present day scientist explain exactly what happens to the ship, so we as audience members are not confused later), well acted, and expertly edited masterpiece. There is no need for me to go into the story, as we all know it by now. I truly believe that the ones that hate this movie are self indulgent, wanna-be rebels who would hate anything if it didn't fit into their version of what "real" art should be (ie. cheap, not made for the masses). These people are as closed minded as racist KKK members.

My favorite films of the late 1990s are defiantly saving private Ryan, the sixth sense, and this.Each shot is so well crafted by a master of cinema, James Cameron. I first saw this movie when I was about eleven. I watched it because I became fascinated with the titanic. That was almost four years ago. Since then I have grown from loving flashy and violent movies to more well crafted (even though sometimes still violent, like the original Star Wars of Lord of the Rings) movies. Each shot is well done. I like how anything not having to do with roses family or jacks friends actually happened. They had more that you can see in their numerous deleted scenes. All the actors were brilliant. I was surprised when I heard Kate Winslet in her British accent. The music was flawless. Some of the writing is a little cheesy, but it is redeemed by the rest of the movie, the brilliant directing, the factual accuracy, set design, and acting. Overall a brilliant film. 10/10

"Titanic",like "Gone with the wind" is one of the great unrateable movies. Just as GWTW caught the imagination of the public in its time so "Titanic" repeated the feat sixty years later.Neither one of them is a "great" movie in the artistic or intellectual sense,but both of them are great movies in terms of sheer populist entertainment and their grasp of the mood of the moment.Possibly even "opportunist" might be the right word. Both of them had huge lead roles and nothing much else for their actors,both featured highly unlikely romances between people from different social stratas.GWTW had the burning of Atlanta,brilliant state - of - the - art filming,and "Titanic" has the sinking of the ship which is hugely impressive by any standards. Ten years down the line it looks better to me than it did on it's release. Mr L. diCaprio,a little like a mixture of James Cagney and Mickey Rooney, is feisty and funny as Jack,Kate Winslet full of vitality and a slightly knowing innocence,hold the film together during its occasional longeurs,and their coupling is sweet and funny if highly unlikely. Forget all the "buts" and allow yourself to be swept along,lingering in the chandeliered dining rooms, strolling the endless decks and watch the stokers toil in the massive engine rooms like Dore's vision of Hell. The whole thing is a brilliantly assembled mish - mash of movie clichés one following the other seamlessly so that you don't care that you're watching sheer corn because it's so well done. The opening sequence with the 102 year - old Rose on the Diving ship is patiently built up with gradually lengthening flashbacks to 1912. The ending, where Rose,after telling her story goes out on the deck in the middle of the night and lets the priceless diamond she has had all along slip into the ocean then........no,on the remote chance that you haven't seen the movie I won't go any further.But I will pay the ultimate tribute to Mr Cameron and confess that I have watched "Titanic" six times and every damn time,no matter how much I tell myself I am being manipulated by a succession of still photographs being projected at just the right speed to cause persistence of vision..........I cry. Furthermore I would say that anybody not similarly affected would not feature highly on my Christmas Card list. This is film - making of the highest order and I take my hat off to everybody involved.

I will not accuse this of being the most over-rated film I've yet seen, because, first, it has its share of redeeming qualities, and second, that honor has to go to The Illusionist (which in many ways was actually a lame attempt to ape the Titanic formula, but I've already blasted that one into the ground). Neither can I fault it for grossing so much: a film that shamelessly panders to over-emoted teenage girls is bound to produce a good showing at the box-office. But the fact that a sloppy period piece that insults the period it pays tribute to could earn such lavish sycophantic adulation from nearly all reviewers (especially celebrity film writers) is just more evidence that America's thought-élitejournalists, politicians, and academics alikehave got to be the most degenerate, gullible, and monolithic in the Western world.There are two intertwined reasons why Titanic is on balance worth seeing: the historical setting and the special effects. Enough has been written on the latter, and on the former, as well, but as an Atlantic historian I cannot express enough love for anything so exquisitely and meticulously designed floating on the ocean of my heritage, just around the time my family was making its way over from Europe. Older Rose's remark that, "It was the ship of dreams. And it was. It really was," ring so true. I beseech my readers: regard the volume of immigrant ship traffic in the era, admire the interior of the ship and the costumes of the passengers and contrast them to the most luxurious modern cruise liners, in an era where ships are often not a necessity, and consider how much the Western world lost in less than a century. (This sort of aesthetic history lesson is the same reason I love Chariots of Fire.)Regard, admire, compare and consider... if, that is, you can get past a script that hangs together like a soggy potato chip and pays not the least attention to real historical personages.Our two protagonists are at best naïvely laughable and at worst totally unsympathetic, their antagonists little more than cartoon characters. That the former speak like modern teenagers is quite appropriate, because they clearly ARE modern teenagers pitted against the backward old fogies of the era. Jack is a romanticized Bohemian bum with little that could possibly seduce a beautiful young Anglo-American socialite away from her privileged life. Rose wants us to believeand she convinces Jack, somehowthat deep down she's some sort of fiery rebel, yet what I saw was a girl alternating between doing the bidding of her wealthy, domineering cardboard-cutout fiancé Cal and the bidding of her impoverished, sappy, cardboard-looking loverboy Jack. There's so much ham and cheese at work you'll want to take a fork and start eating.And there is something utterly vile about their story, which, again, is clearly aimed at adolescent females, and that fact makes Titanic's moral tone all the more disturbing. This is a film with an agenda: all the authority figures are stupid murderous bigots, the 17-year-old heroine is glorified for rebelling against her mother and fornicating with a wild rover, and don't forget that wicked cabin church excluding third-class passengers from attending the Sunday service on that fateful last day of Titanic's voyage.In reality, the whole ship was completely segregated. I am told church services were excepted, though I have my doubts, but not because of snobbery on anyone's part. Third-class passengers were largely immigrants without medical certificates and in that era of the great migrations, were required to register at Ellis Island; hence U.S. law required complete segregation on all inbound European ships. And, on these grounds, it scarcely needs saying, such a liaison between Jack and Rose, far from stupid and implausible, was quite impossible.Finally, despite the segregation, Doug Phillips has pointed out, "there is no credible evidence that first-class passengers were given priority seating rights. To the contrary, there are numerous accounts of first-class passengers giving up their seats and assisting third-class passengers into lifeboats."There are plenty of other factual gaffes, many of them less severe (such as the bad British accents), but by far the most appalling is the libelous depiction of the ship's crew. There is no evidence that William Murdoch accepted bribes from a cowardly aristocrat, nor that he shot two men, nor that he subsequently committed suicide, and so far as I know, such a portrayal was a completely ad hoc invention on the writers' part. (James Cameron's apology to the Murdoch family was too little, too late.) The surviving passengers testified that the crew performed their duties sacrificially and heroically that evening. That is the biggest sin of this film: the real heroes of the Titanic tragedy (with the exception of Thomas Andrews) are washed over or even villanized in favor of capricious brats, only one of whom gets his comeuppance.Even so, towards the ship's final gasp of life, we do get a good sense of the imminent terror not only in Jack and Rose, but in all 1,500 souls who perished that evening. The worst moment had to be the power outage: it's those last, frightening milestones on the road to destruction that remind you where you are headed irreversibly, and the scene of the actual sinking captures this perfectly. The true story of the RMS Titanic, from its building to its sinking, and even its aftermath as grown Belfast men whose labor on that ship had been the pride and joy of their city wept in the streets at the news of her demise, is beautifully tragic and inspirational. Would that this film had captured more than a few minutes of that.

Titanic, the highest grossing movie of all time, is also quite possibly the greatest movie of all time. The story of the fatal April 1912 voyage of the quote-unquote "unsinkable" Titanic is told here with mastery and real present time footage. The beginning of the film is narrated by Gloria Stuart (playing the part of old Rose with superb detail and presence). She tells a Titanic recovery team about her experience on the ship on that night. After that is when the movie officially begins.Titanic helped launch the career's of its two main stars: Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Jack Dawson (DiCaprio) is a poor English boy traveling across to the United States, mostly for the thrill of the ship, but also to be able to earn some money. Rose Bukater (Winslet) is a rich English girl who is only on the Titanic because her mother and father are traveling to America. Dawson and Bukater meet on the bow of the ship and are together throughout the film until the very end.It's hard to write a review for a movie that simply can not be described in words. The movie may just seem like a typical love story with a major trap, but it is so much more. James Cameron is truly the best director around. To be able to tell a simple story with such a masterful presence like this is remarkable. The movie will get you emotionally involved (at least it did for me). You don't just watch Titanic, you experience it first hand.

I don't really like this movie. I think it's fine and all, but it is very over-hyped. How it beat out 'Good Will Hunting' for best picture, one will never know. It is so very boring. I don't care for Gloria Stuart's character, although I think she plays her very well. I don't care about the old, boring people looking for the jewels, I just want to see the boat sink, just like everyone else. It is directed very badly, and how James Cameron won best director is a mystery to me, and many other people too. Kate Winslet did a lack-luster job, and that is hard for me to say, seeing as I adore her in everything else she is in. I think that it was a bad film and that it shouldn't have won any of the awards it did, because it was not good at all. Big budget doesn't necessarily mean big hit. In this case, it means big dumb movie.

I have a great value for James Cameron's Titanic.The characters are all so glossily two-dimensional and beautifully cliché. The emotional and mental growth of the characters so splendidly predictable. And most of the lower-class folk were the healthiest and best looking I'd ever seen.It's a nostalgic return to the old days of Hollywood, when it was clear who the goodies were and who the baddies were, and when everyone had perfect teeth.Bit like a modern Casablanca...except it's in colour...and takes 90 minutes longer, and...er... is considerably less witty...but still, I have a great value for it.Yes, yes, it's true that I dozed off and on, off and on, watching it the first time at the cinema. But I must point out that I was feeling particularly tired that day, and it had nothing whatsoever to do with the fact that sleeping through it in ten-minute blocks made no difference to my ability to work out what was going on. Indeed, when I caught the whole of it on TV another time with my friend, who had tried everything else to get her baby to sleep, I truly gained an appreciation of its value.

i love this movie.. and anyone who doesn't is crazy, when it first came out it was pretty much the movie everyone talked about. its filled with many laughs, tears, ups and downs, its pretty much has it all. and the special effects are great, and so is the acting. It was sort of the breakout movie for Leonardo and Kate, and i feel they did a great job along with all the other actors and actress's. May i also mention the incredible score by James Horner is amazing. And what i don't understand is why some people love to hate this movie, the people who walked into this movie and already decided they were going to analyze every flaw should have never even saw it in the first place, because there really just ruining it for everybody else. i give this move a 10 out a 10 and i think most people would agree that it definitely deserved to win the Oscar that year for best picture, its an unforgettable movie that everyone should see

Titanic is the most famous "fictional story tied into real event" movie to date. It tells the story of a poor man who wins tickets to board the Titanic in a poker game. He and his friend board the ship in hopes of reaching New York City and starting life anew. While on board, he falls for a rich woman who is set to be married. After he saves her life, she begins to fall for him, and a passionate love story begins. However, their plans are halted abruptly when the ship hits an iceberg and begins to sink. Now it's a race against time to try and get off the ship as soon as possible.I don't care what anyone has to say about this movie. Sure, the first hour is chick flick material, and it features the clichéd rich girl/poor boy formula, but this movie is so well made, well acted, and well directed, that it deserves all the praise it gets. The movie has a 3 hour running time, but it's never really slow. Even in the sappy scenes, you're drawn in by the amazing set around the characters. James Cameron did a great job directing this movie. The recreation of the interior of the Titanic is amazing. It's like they're filming inside the real ship. Though the first hour is mainly a love story, it still can keep the guys entertained because it's not a long drawn out drama. Cameron keeps amazing balance between continuing the love story and telling the story of the disaster in the second half of the film. The sinking scenes are fantastic. Finally, the most accurate portrayal of the Titanic's demise on film. This movie has drama, action, and some comedy. It manages to tell a great story and be a highly entertaining action film at the same time.The performances are very good. Not one performance in this movie is flawed. Everybody involved is extremely talented and they all do very well in their parts.Overall, despite what anyone says about this movie, it doesn't change the fact that it's an epic film with a great story and amazing visuals.9/10

I think this is one of the best movie of all times. when the subject of favorite movies comes up and the Titanic is mentioned many people snicker. but you know that when they watch the movie they cry with the rest of them and are just embarrassed to say they did. but the other other half of are saying how they love to watch it Me, personally, i cried through the whole last hour of the movie. i can watch this over and over and there is still a power in it. Also, the acting is great. Leonardo Dicapreo and Kate Winslet are perfect for the parts. the scenes don't drag on and on as they tend to do in longer movies. the special effects are amazing. during the sinking scene i was amazed. it was so realistic. This is definitely my favorite movie and would recommend it to any person who hasn't seen this movie yet.

Aimed precisely at those with the emotional maturity of 13-year-old children, Titanic, while technically impressive, is perhaps the most overrated tripe to float out of Hollywood's shipyard of overblown hype. Here you have perhaps the worst single tragedy of the 20th century, and, what do we get? -- A phony, forced, class struggle "love" story so poorly written that no one with half a brain cares one whit about the characters. Obviously, the producers of this shipwreck of a film assume that the public is too dull to let the sheer drama of the event itself sustain the story, so we're assaulted by perhaps the worst script ever written. Not only is there not one once of truthful human emotion in the screenplay, it's insulting as well. The Poseidon Adventure, as trite as it was, had more veracity than this muddle.Titanic will lower your IQ, guaranteed, and probably cause warts too. If you need to see a film about this fateful night that actually treats its audience like an adult, rent A Night to Remember, a vastly superior film.Two stars for technical achievement only.

This version of the Titanic is a well done movie that blends a love story and an accurate account of the voyage and sinking of the great ship together. Mr. Cameron took painstaking efforts to present the Titanic as she actually looked and sank (using one of the popular theories as to how she sank).But what impressed me most is the statement made through this movie regarding the rich and poor/lower class people. The point is well expressed how each class felt about the other. The differences are seen from the boarding of the Titanic all the way to the rescue at sea. 1rst class embarked directly while 3rd class required an examination (for lice and whatnot)before embarkation. Third class was kept below decks until first and second class were loaded onto lifeboats during Titanic's sinking. On the Carpthia, third class was kept on an open deck. In reality, one child was lost from 1rst and 2nd class while 52 out of 109 children were lost in 3rd class (taken from "Titanic" by Thomas E. Bonsall, published by Gallery Books, 1987).I would highly recommend , if interested, to purchase the DVD and view the deleted scenes and alternative ending. It will help tie things together and even mentions the Californian (along with their wireless operator). The Califronian was a vessel that if its Captain took the rockets Titanic fired seriously, could have saved all aboard as she was only about ten miles from Titanic. One deleted scene also shows the heartbreaking end for three third class passengers alluding to the last statement in the above paragraph.Lastly, a good movie has: good acting, good writing, a good film crew, and good music. The music blends well with the love story, the action, and the ship itself.

I watched the movie in 1997 after it was released in VHS. I hadn't been able to watch it while being on the "big screen" and as a result my curiousness was explicitly bigger than it was at the beginning. I dare say I have watched it over 10 times ever since and still haven't got bored with it. Although it is a characteristic piece of pure Hollywood cinema, nobody can deny it's breathtaking and above-average moving. First of all, although the plot was simple, non-complicated and (shouldn't deny it)rather predictable, it still is a beautiful fictional love story which in fact has a logical base: we shouldn't forget that most marriages in the 1920s were a result of parents' personal ambitions and financial motivations, so they happened mainly for interest. But as soon as Rose met Jack, who above all saved her in every way a person can be saved, it is natural to fall in love at once, as near him she imagined the live she would have died to live. Then. as far as the technical merit is concerned....what can I say?The work made is just magnificent!!!No other comments. And finally it's worth mentioning the strongest element of the movie which rises her above all: the music, which is widely concerned as a classic!..... 9.8/10

I've seen "Titanic" many times now, and I get teary-eyed still because I TRY (without much effort) to imagine the actual people this happened to in 1912 -- the very rich, the immigrants down below, the SMUG SELF-PROCLAIMED "unsinkable ship" propaganda, and the tragedy at the end as the ship begins to fall apart.It remains an "interesting" movie because of the mix of recent "real time footage" intermingled with the love story. But, as the Celine Dion song implies ("My heart will go on and on"), there was a VERY REAL TRAGEDY of these "poor" people trapped in the middle of a dark, freezing ocean, with no "high tech" to help save them. The terrifying last half of the movie, with terrified people running back and forth trying to escape the inevitable REALLY GETS TO ME the more I see this movie. Tragedies happen every day in the world, but this was 1912.Don't know what else to say - except that I DO GET TEARY-EYED at the ending. These poor defenseless people -- it could have been any one of us, then or now (if you believe in reincarnation, which I DO NOT !). Anyway, GREAT MOVIE and it deserved to become the HUGE HIT IT BECAME !

OMG!! Titanic is one of my favorite movies of all time. WWWWOOOWWW!Its just great. One of Kate Winslets and Leonardo DiCaprios best by far. The ending made me cry a lot. They were both really good together. My favorite scene of the whole movie is after they go to the dinner and go to the party with the lower class people. LOVE IT!!! Their was some mess ups through the movie though. Like when DiCaprio passes Kate the note to come to the other party first it is yellow but when she opens it it is white. There is another when they are at the party and he asks her to dance and his hair is slicked back but when they are together and about to dance it is more down. It is and will ever be a classic.

I will always remember the first time I saw "Titanic." The year was 1998--late February, to be precise. I was ten years old, in the fifth grade, and had been hearing for weeks about how good this movie was and how it was like nothing anyone had ever seen. I was desperate to see it. However the forbidden fruit had been rated PG-13, so I was afraid I would never see it, being too young. Then, as luck would have it, one of my friends invited me to go see it for her birthday. I thought it would be the classic formulaic love story with some good, fun thrills. I was wrong.I had never had such a thrilling experience in a movie theater in my life! I was quite literally on the edge of my seat. Especially during the last half...there were many memorable scenes, including Rose searching for Jack below decks, the evil fiancé pulling out a shotgun, and of course, the sinking..."Titanic" didn't end the way I expected it or wanted it to; I had imagined both of the lovers would be rescued and live happily ever after. At ten, I was deeply upset by the early death of Jack, but I understand today that it was necessary for him to die, otherwise the full extent of the tragedy couldn't be grasped. Someone I know said that this movie is the closest you can get to the real tragedy without experiencing it firsthand, and I'm inclined to agree. (Though I did visit a Titanic exhibit--from the actual ship--last summer and saw the shoes of Eino Panula, the "unknown child of the Titanic," and it was bloody awful, to say the least.) Now I understand in some years it's become trendy to hate "Titanic." Perhaps it's because Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't seem as cute anymore. Perhaps the special effects seem old. Perhaps it was some of the (at times) rather weak dialog. Who knows? But I still like it, really like it in fact, and occasionally I pull out my old VHS copy and watch it. It still hasn't lost its power to move and disturb me.

I know there are some out there who snicker at this movie when it is mentioned, yet if so many people hated it, why is it the biggest selling movie of all time in America. It sold more than Star Wars, and George Lucas released that movie more than once. I found this shocking, but it happened. Ticket sales don't lie, and for those who laugh at this movie now, they are probably some of the same ones that saw it in the theater. Hypocrites.My own experience with Titanic was a good one and yes I am a guy. I enjoyed the back story that followed before the sinking, and this is probably Cameron's best film to date. Yes it's even better than the first two Terminator films and Aliens, and they are all movies that I appreciated.Many didn't like this film because of Leonardo DiCaprio. Yes he's given better acting performances in other movies (What's Eating Gilbert Grape), but in Titantic he was still very good. Of course I don't think people dislike DiCaprio because of his acting. They just don't like him for some reason. Yet I never heard anything bad about him before Titanic made him a mega superstar.In my opinion, Titanic is a great film. It was one of the best in 1997 and was still popular in the summer of 1998 when it was still being shown in the theaters. That alone is a fantastic achievement. So all you hypocrites can laugh all you want. The fact is that this movie is still well liked by many, and is still the biggest selling movie of all time in 2006. Update, very late I know. Avatar surpassed this movie in sales directed by who else, James Cameron again. Incredible.

I thought that "Titanic" was wonderful. History and romance all rolled into one. James Cameron did a marvelous job. and the soundtrack is beautiful. I laughed and i cried. This movie is the best to quote from and use in your everyday life. I live by these words. Kate Winslet was stupendous. A wealthy woman trapped in her own life is a difficult role to play. The romance was a great way to catch people's attention. The way Cameron captured every little detail so that you could really understand the emotion and wonder in this production, was beyond me. if you are one of the thousands that enjoy history, and a little romance you will surely enjoy this film.

This is my #1 favorite movie of all time. It's a must see! This movie made me bawl so hard. The music is also really great too. Especially the love theme, My Heart Will Go On, performed by my favorite singer, Celine Dion. If you like this movie you will probably also like Gone With The Wind, Legends of the Fall, and others. Usually romance stories on film never turn out to be good, considering that they are all mostly romantic-comedies. This is a very good story and it has a great plot. The dialauge is awesome and the special effects are mind blowing, not to mention the acting. This movie is great and if you haven't seen it rent it or buy it. It is definitely worth the money.
