
Visually, Gravity is unlike what we have seen on a cinema screen before and arguably it has one of the best uses of 3D in a movie. The setting is spectacular and the premise is inventive.On every other front,the movie falters badly. Once you get over the initial wonderment surrounding the beautiful visuals, the chinks start showing up. Overall the script is very weak. Apparently the Russians bomb their own satellite by mistake and the debris is flying around at bullet speed, smashing everything in its way. Now upon hearing an emergency evacuation request, Kowalski (who has been wasting his precious thrusters all this while, floating around, spouting inane dialogs) orders Ryan (Bullock) to disengage from whatever she is repairing. Apparently Ryan has six months of training (only) and fails to be responsive and then the trouble starts.We come to know that Ryan has some head issues surrounding the death of her daughter as the writer felt a dire need to give Ryan some sort of existential problem in her head to make her character feel more human. Apart from this minor bit, nothing is presented in terms of character development for any other protagonists. Who is Kowalski? Who are the people who died in their space pods? No idea.Then the whole manufactured sense of suspense. Every time Ryan gets anywhere near the Air Lock (she does it three times), the debris presents itself like on cue every single time. Then a fire in a space station, then running out of Oxygen, then something then something. It's fine that they used some standard tricks but it all seems so manufactured and mechanical by the numbers suspense.Also at times I couldn't shrug off the feeling that what they are showing on screen is not actually factual. Do the controls on various international space stations have their national languages on them? Really? Maybe they do but seems hard to believe when 20$ phones are built with custom User interfaces with changeable languages, why have your billion dollar space stations with Russian or Chinese characters on your buttons totally beats me. Oh manufactured suspense owing to the whole can't-understand-this-thing machinery.The the dialogs when they come are nothing to write home about. Ryan has a hallucinatory moment when she talks to herself following some Mandarin Chatter on the radio which is cringe worthy. I wont even mention the in-your-face allegory about rebirth which is there for to make the movie seem deeper than it is.So what works for the movie? It's a cross between an IMAX documentary with some suspense elements thrown it which makes it look path breaking.But it's not. Not a bad watch but nothing to rave about either.

The big "spoiler" is that this is a big budget Hollywood move with a preposterous plot and lots of special effects. The problem here is that nobody could possible survive through any of this, and the special effects become a substitute for any meaningful plot. Even taken on its own terms, the movie makes no sense. Sandra Bullock has become an astronaut but lacks even the basic skills for that occupation. She tells us she always crash landed the flight simulator, and we find her thumbing through an instruction manual about the size of the instructions for a DVD player to figure out how to safely pilot a space craft back to earth. She even picks the buttons eeny, meany, miney, mo style. Add to this the contrived scenario that she has not only lost a child but also is "revived" and given a reason to live by the now dead George Clooney appearing in a dream sequence. And how great a movie can it really be where there is only one character (and almost no dialog) on camera for most of the film. The special effects are impressive, but what they've obviously done is use computer graphics to create all the weightless effects. As such, things remain weightless even when they shouldn't be, and you eventually become more interested in looking for the screw-ups than watching the movie. Please, please, please. Will someone make a movie with a clever plot that keeps you guessing to the end and with interesting and passably believable characters.

In segments, Gravity has marvelous special effects--truly a remarkable achievement. The weak parts of the movie are the contrivances that link these segments together, along with unbelievably bad dialog. (Maybe someone will be brave enough to register the contrivances formally as "goofs" here on IMDb?)No way could astronauts from the shuttle ever reach the International Space Station, but Gravity asks us to believe both this could happen and that an astronaut could then go on to reach a Chinese space station, too. These objects just don't orbit anywhere--ANYWHERE!!!!--near close enough to each other to make these events even remotely possible. Not only are their orbits vastly different in altitude and trajectory, it would be highly unlikely for them all to be near each other in the same orbit. Oh, I almost forgot to mention that Gravity also asks us to believe that the orbit of the space debris intersected with that of the shuttle and was synchronized with it.No way could Ryan Stone figure out how to operate a Soyuz capsule in a few seconds of reading the manuals. No way could Ryan Stone figure out how to operate the Chinese capsule just by poking around.Of lesser failures: Space debris traveling 20,000 miles an hour relative to an observer is not going to be visible except *possibly* as an indistinct cloud that passes by so fast the "observer" won't know what hit them.For all of the CGI effort, I had hoped the Earth would look more realistic and (naturally) beautiful.In closing, the special effects were great but the weak story relied on too many absurd contrivances and the script contained no redeeming dialog (sorry, George). On balance: 7 stars.

Did those who've written glowing reviews of Gravity see the same movie I did? Look, I wanted to like this flick, I really did. And I don't want to rag on it, but if you're going to make a dramatic science thriller, you had better get it right or expect to catch it from the smart people. Despite the cosmic setting, the only star I can give Gravity is for the computer generated graphics.That said, this is not a movie for intellectuals and those of a scientific bent will be sorely disappointed. What made Ron Howard's Apollo 13 so gripping was its dramatic realism and superb acting. Unfortunately, none of those adjectives applies to Gravity, with the possible exception of some drama. However, for thinkers, effective drama requires an intellectual investment in the credibility of the story, the characters and the interaction between them. Intelligent humans need to believe that what is being depicted could actually happen. Unfortunately, the events depicted in Gravity are likely to alienate anyone with an above average IQ. Once one has acknowledged the impressive graphics, any anticipation of emotional investment is quickly dashed to smithereens by the unbelievably vapid and inane dialog. It is painfully obvious that someone with a double-digit scientific IQ appears to have awoken one morning and haphazardly decided to write a "space movie". The physics are off, the events highly improbable. The entire story demands a suspension of belief in reality. Worst of all, the dialog and interaction between the characters is so juvenile that anyone with a brain gets the immediate impression that the project is the product of sophomoric show-biz types who think that the way to move the product is to recycle hackneyed clichés, shiny objects and big explosions. Bullock's character, Dr. Ryan Stone, is so unprepared and emotionally disabled by adversity that it is impossible to believe that she would have been selected as a mission specialist. Yet, she manages to flit from one space wreck to another and yet another. She consults operation manuals in Russian and, later, Chinese, yet she is heard muttering "eeny meeny miney mo" while haphazardly pushing control buttons like some clueless chimpanzee. The space vehicle's communication equipment fails to pick up "Houston Control", yet, miraculously, is able to receive a bizarre Chinese comedy and howling dogs, which Bullock's character feels compelled to imitate. Clooney's character, Matt Kowalski, is such a clichéd hero that he is depicted as nonchalantly jesting with the hysterical Dr. Stone while he himself is drifting into a desperately life-ending situation. We are expected to believe that, despite having trained intimately together for this mission, these characters address each other by their formal titles and make clichéd announcements back to a non-responsive mission control. Kowalksi has waited until he's drifting to his death to ask where Dr. Stone is from and if she has any kids. Finally, director Cuaron makes a supremely lame attempt at cinematic iconography depicting Bullock floating in a fetal position, a la Kubrick's Space Odessey. And after having had such a bad day and having plunged to Earth in a flaming meteor-like reentry, Stone emerges, unscathed and barefoot mind you, from the ocean onto an idyllic, uninhabited beach like some primal human emerging from the sea. Now, I feel bad about feeling bad about this movie. And I respect Ms. Bullock and Mr. Clooney as actors. However, it is my humble opinion that actors must assume some responsibility for the roles they accept. This movie was so cringe-worthy that the only reason I sat through it was to see how ridiculous it would get. Alas, other than the black hole into whose abyss was irretrievably sucked away any hope I once had for discovering intelligent life in this movie, "Gravity" lacked gravitas.

In Space no one can hear you – "ask for your money back!"Disclaimer: Spoiler Alert - its horrible.I just left the movie theatre angry. I cant think of a time that's ever happened to me. Yes I may know more than the average Joe regarding manned spaceflight, after 30 years of writing about it. That doesn't mean the movie makers have to insult movie goers with the lack of any sense of reality. No wonder people don't think man landed on the moon.From start to finish there were blatant factual errors in everything from the laws of Physics, Engineering and Orbital Mechanics to the unidentifiable views of the earth. I recognized two views of the earth, one of Florida and Cuba, the other the Nile in Egypt. It seems the producers decided to mess with those as well, good luck recognizing them.I stopped counting errors after 50, by that point I was considering leaving the theatre, a few others managed to escape. I know at least one NASA Astronaut bragged about making a contribution to the film as a technical adviser. I wont name her because its embarrassing enough for her to know she did that. I always wonder why movie makers use Astronauts as tech advisors when they have no intention of actually using their contributions.Im not going to quote any of the script, why waste your time. It's a ranting monologue from an Astronaut with all of six months training at NASA to conduct an EVA at Hubble and who addresses her crew mates by their formal rank and last name only. Oh and magically during her six month training to fly on the Shuttle she managed to get a little Soyuz pilot training under her belt, very fortunate for her.Finally, the movie is poorly written, almost ad-libbed, poorly researched, with a story line that has no connection to reality. I wouldn't watch this a second time if I was paid to. At the end I was expecting to see a 2,000 year old arm from the Statue of Liberty on a beach, seriously. For a more representative vision of Spaceflight you may choose to watch the Simpsons episode where Homer and an inanimate carbon rod, save the Space Shuttle.I highly do not recommend this movie unless you download it for free off Pirate Bay or get someone else to pay for you.FYI – Im not a movie reviewer and I typed this out in five minutes, because I want my money back.

The box office takings and the almost universal acclaim from the critics for this movie - see eg http://www.mrqe.com/movie_reviews/gravity-m100091079 would suggest that this is a must see - well here is a contrary view.This may be from an age perspective (I was at school watching TV when that Armstrong guy sang 'I was walking on the moon one day' in July 1969) - and for the first 20 minutes we have a similar light hearted banter from G. Clooney, who while being highly space savvy is, unlike that original space larrikin, just plain annoying as he tries to emulate past heroes as he calms and guides S.Bullock through a predictable and ongoing series of high impact incidents. A handsome show off, with a serious penchant for rescuing damsels in distress, sits naturally with our George, whatever the state of his pulse.But the movie is really about Bullock's character, and she is an actor capable of both great comedy and feeling (often within the same work) but here she is just not believable with the exception of the initial panic scenes that do get everyone's heart racing for a short time. In dealing with loss she has suffered on earth and in facing eternity in space, neither portrayal is credible. Weaver in Aliens or Hanks in Apollo 13 - those were stories that really got to you (well, me anyway) but at the end of this its all a bit so what?A very honorable exception for the cinematography, especially if you see it in the IMAX or 3D versions which really do give you a new perspective on space - but well deployed technology alone does not a movie make.I give it 4 out of 10 - slightly disappointed at something that could have been so much better. I appreciate most of the world seems to disagree with my view.

Most of the other reviewers who gave it 1/10 have already nailed it. Yeah, the CG was beautiful, but the story and physics were awful.But also, what was up with the "woman of science" going all religious when faced with death? "oh lord if you are up there... oh wait". What's more she always seemed to need a man around to tell her what to do. What does she do when she doesn't have his guidance? Tries to kill herself. Great.Sandras character just spent the entire time messing things up. You could cut together her bumbling about, add yakety sax and a laugh track, and title it "Sandra Bullock is a klutz in space!"And don't get me started on the imagery. They were really trying to hit home on that fetus thing... that shot went on forever. How dumb did they think the audience was? Pretty dumb I'm guessing if they all believed the reviews and threw their money at it. Yes we get it, she was reborn and overcame the grief of losing her daughter. But now we're secretly hoping she gets eaten by a camel or something. That would have made it worth the 90 minutes.

Truly epic in scale! Whilst 'Gravity' falls short against films like '2001: A Space Odyssey', it is a tense and visually stunning thriller from Alfonso Cuarón. Cuarón is one of my all-time favourite directors, and this CGI-heavy project just boasts skill and ingenuity from the director, DOP and VFX artist. The critics stated that you would be gripping to the edge of your seats, this is true in every aspect, the film is full of intense and thriller situations with amazing performances from Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. Just shy from winning Best Picture over '12 Years a Slave', 'Gravity' left the Oscars with 7 Academy Awards to its name, and it deserved each and every one of them. A masterpiece that allows the viewer to become immersed within the scene to often thrilling effect.

First of all there is NOTHING I repeat NOTHING that warrants the cost of a 3D ticket.Second, this movie is boring and overly predictable.Third, there is nothing in this movie that makes you want to care that suddenly this "mission specialist" played by Bullock is stuck up in space alone.Fourth, where points could have been made to make you want to care about anyone in the movie they don't bother. Clooney's character keeps telling "Mission Control" stories for the most part that they've heard about his life. We haven't heard them and you never do. His character is only concerned about getting a record for the longest un-tethered space walk.Fifth, Bullocks character acts like a buffoon. She "claims" to only have had 6 months of training. Based on what she says she would have been disqualified due to her questionable mental state after (years before)her daughter dies from some play ground accident at her day care. Now I like Sandra Bullock, but this performance is not worthy of an Oscar at all.Sixth, She "magically" makes(this is because she spent over 5 minutes breathing in pure carbon monoxide, if this had been real she'd be dead) it to the Russian Soius Space capsule. She then using pictures in books can magically use buttons in Russian capsule to make it work, though claimed she trained on the simulator for them, she still needs the books to operate these things. She then "magically" get an empty fueled Soius capsule over to the Chinese station. Which is identical to the Soviet but in Chinese instead (this is probably fact as China bought their space station tech from Russia)and again using picture books she gets the thing to work.Seventh, Drama and suspense, WHERE, you are told that the satellite debris will be around ever 90 minutes, the astronauts set their timers for the count down so again that's NEVER a surprise not only that, it's camera shot debris coming, look at watch. NO suspense.Eighth, The ending, Specialist Ryan escapes in the Chinese capsule and gets back to earth, crashes in to the water and you are left with her walking on the beach. That's it you just wasted 100 minutes for this pointless that could be done in 30 minutes.NOT worth your time or money.

The short version: Gravity is a real stinker ... what's all the hype? Clichéd, BORING,technically lame, not worth 3-D, and beyond Bullock's abilities ... Don't waste your $$.The longer version: WHY is this movie receiving so much hype? What a LOSER! Not only is it BORING, but dishonors the brave men and women who are REAL astronauts. Sorry, Neil Armstrong ... not even a BABY STEP for mankind in this stinker.Every possible cliché is at work here: the damsel in distress, the "strip" of the damsel, the depression of the damsel, the refusal of the damsel to obey orders, the damsel repeatedly wailing "what do I do nowwwwww?", etc. How this lame-o "brilliant medical engineer" EVER qualified to be an astronaut is not explained (must be due to all the budget cut-backs). Similarly, the other "astronaut," George Clooney, a know-it-all wise guy, suicidally releases himself into deep space early on for no good reason ... so we're stuck with Ms. Lame-o and weak special effects for most of the movie ...Said damsel is the flyweight actress Sandra Bullock -- whining, preceding every other line with a snurfff (Best Boy! get that woman some Benadryl!), and heavy breathing sum up her portrayal. You wouldn't want HER along as a member of the team, well, anywhere ... even Disney World ... WhyEVER would George Clooney lend his name to such bunkum?Don't waste your money ... and the 3-D ... laughable -- not EVEN worth it ...

The critics who drool over GRAVITY must be as oxygen-starved as Sandra Bullock's character. Visually arresting, yes. But GRAVITY is a triumph of style over substance, and fantasy over plausibility. (Many spoilers ahead.) Leave aside for the moment the utter implausibility of the chain reaction of satellite disasters. (Satellites orbit at different altitudes. That's space 101.) In my former life as a journalist, I wrote a long article on space junk. A collision with one piece of flotsam would have plausibly sufficed. A fusillade of space junk is overkill. And Ed Harris's alert about the first mishap was a clumsy telegraph of the crisis to come. Would that the director had invested one-tenth the attention he gave the pictures into the plot. Also ignore Bullock's out-of-control Chinese capsule surviving re-entry into Earth's atmosphere ... or landing within a dog-paddle to shore on a planet that's 70% covered by water. Oh, and space capsules are DESIGNED for water landings, which means they DON'T flood when the door opens. Forget all that. Instead, focus on character, which is what movies are all about -- or should be. The actors can't be faulted for the sins of the writers: Clooney is written as a one-dimensional, wise-cracking Danny Ocean. Bullock sounds like her character from SPEED, not a brilliant Harvard Ph.D. In one of the hoariest moments of the film, Bullock actually PAUSES in her tortoise-like race to safety to listen to Clooney's pep talk (can't we drive a stake through that cliché?), then gets a second wind -- while breathing Co2 -- and sprints the final yards to safety (another cliché). Upon reaching the Russian capsule, she wastes time stripping and napping -- for the sake of the director's silly rebirth metaphor -- while Clooney waits to be rescued. Again, the actors are doing the best they can with the material they have. But the only Oscars this film deserves are for the visuals. Certainly not for acting, writing, or music. (Composers: The single, sustained note that slowly builds to a thunderous crescendo is a cliché. Oh, and you just telegraphed the outcome.) Which brings us to dialogue. To quote one screenwriter, "Why does every director assume he can write?" Anyone who's been in a life-or-death moment knows that people just don't engage in serial wise-cracking or kill time with long anecdotes. The sheer silliness of some of the lines undermined the spectacle of the images. As for Bullock's monologues (e.g., the baby broadcast, the ode to Clooney) -- well, the writers wrote themselves into a corner there. As a writer, I appreciate the challenge of putting words into her mouth when she has no one to listen. What came out rang false.... Want a good film about a disaster in space? Watch APOLLO 13. Enjoy -- or try to -- GRAVITY for the 3D spectacle it is. But don't let it go to your head.

I don't understand what all the hype is about this movie, I went expecting great things!! I'm big fan of the sci-fi genre and and avid space enthusiast so its usually something I would of though i'd like.To start, the visuals and effects are pretty amazing. It executes the realism of space well. Thats where it stops, you get used to the shots over earth after a few minutes, then it just goes from one ridiculous disaster scenario to another for good aul sandra who seems to know Chinese and Russian by the way!! George Clooneys character is very annoying, never shuts up, must get in lots of pub fights if he was real.From a movie that tries to use the present space tech, BTW CSS does not exist, its a joke how they use it....the crash landing at the end laughable!!All in all, very average movie, I know its not really in same category as sci-fi i.e. no aliens, crazy future tech but I could list ten better movies that have lower score on IMDb, i'd even rate disneys blackhole better than this, hahaenjoy;)

Gravity pulled me in right from the start!! The cinematography of Earth and space is stunningly breathtaking!!! The CGI was flawless, lending the impression of actually being there. I can't remember ever being pulled into a film so completely and thoroughly.Gravity is a film that takes place in space, but it is SO much more than just a space movie. I identified with Sandra Bullocks character on a couple levels and I felt like I was in her place at the final scene.Gravity. It pulls us down. It places us solidly where we are. It defines us. There is no escaping the reality...although sometimes we try. Sometimes all we need to do is let go and let gravity bring us home...Questions that the film conjured in me: Where do we escape? What causes us to awaken? How do we pick up ourselves against the weight of the world and learn to walk again? Who are we really when we are stripped down to our core? To feel the pain, the fear, the loss of dreams amidst each breath. To try again. To never give up. To heal. To dare embrace life. To love...

I was so very excited to see the movie, especially after seeing all the glowing reviews.Are you people nuts? This movie sucked. Didn't anyone explain basic physics to Cuaron, or how simple orbital mechanics work? Next time hire a first year physics student from any university to explain how things in space work.Stop reading if you don't want to know about the easily predictable and totally not a surprise "spoilers".But lets ignore all the "it could never happen that way" stuff and just look at the movie. This had all the excitement, tension and emotion of Jar Jar Binks.Even at a mere hour and a half, and lets all thank our lucky stars they didn't drag this dish rag out any longer, it was BORING and PREDICTABLE. Clooney was smart, he got his character killed off early on, so he could collect his paycheck and leave orbit before people with a couple of brain cells watched and labeled this a stinker.I can't believe all the drooling reviews - did we watch the same flick - or are the rest of the reviewers publicly educated dolts that are easily distracted by shiny objects? The CGI is good, which is why I can't imagine that not one of the CGI geeks didn't speak up and say "Hey, you do know this sucks asteroid balls right?" since most computer geeks are at least familiar with basic astronomy.Of course they threw in that whole dribble about how Bullock's character lost her child - sniff, I'm over it - that was important - except for wasting like 12 boring minutes of time - how? The delusional, dream, obi-wan back from the dead, moment where Clooney climbs in and didn't immediately kill her with explosive decompression was another ginormous Huh? moment.And on and on and on (can I please have the fire extinguisher of infinite delete vee please).Wait till this lemon is out on Blu-ray so you can ooh and aah over the space CGI for a couple of minutes and then fast forward thru the astronomically high number of improbable, yet boring, scenes.

Gravity isn't just a movie, it's an experience. It's an experience of sight, it's an experience of sound and it's an emotional experience, as well. This film makes you feel like you are drifting among the stars, instead of just showing you a story set in space. The visual effects are unique, awe-inspiring and terrifying, and while the plot is simple, there is beauty in its simplicity. I've never seen a movie quite like Gravity.

Big science fiction films are all the rage this year (Oblivion, Elysium, Pacific Rim...) and Gravity is finally one worth watching. From the trailers I had no idea what to expect. George Clooney and Sandra Bullock floating around in space for two hours eventually became my best guess. I rushed the film at the Toronto International Film Festival and when someone said they were showing it in 3D, I was half tempted to leave the line. I hate 3D movies, they give me awful headaches and I don't see the point of them. As soon as Gravity started, I changed my mind.The 3D definitely adds something to the film. The opening shot of earth and space is absolutely beautiful. The film starts up fast enough. Sandra Bullock and George Clooney are both out doing repairs on the spaceship when Houston warns them the Russians blew up their own satellite and accidentally destroyed every other satellite there is. Debris is coming their way and they have to get back to earth as soon as possible. Of course, from the trailers we see that debris does his them, and without a spaceship they must find another way home. George Clooney basically plays George Clooney in a space suit (a funny self-loving character also often played by Robert Downey Jr) and Sandra Bullock plays a doctor who was trained a few months for this mission only. George gets very little screen time but Sandra shines throughout the whole film. Despite her being alone, I would say there is quite a lot of action in the film. She's alone out there and you feel you are too. The film takes you in space and it feels claustrophobic to be there. It keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. Throughout the film, you see Sandra's character growing as well. Not only is she trying to get back home, but she's finding the will to do so as well. The film is a visual masterpiece. Yes there is a lot of CGI of course (basically everything you see on screen is fake) but it never felt like it. For once, the 3D definitely adds something to the experience. You get the depth of field you need to truly experience the movie and feel as through you're right there with Sandra. She gives an absolutely stunning performance, acting to absolutely nothing, yet always being right on the spot. If you get a chance to see Gravity in theatres, go for it, especially if you see it in 3D (even if you usually hate 3D, believe me, it's worth it.) Alfonso Cuarón has outdone himself with this film, it's definitely a must see for sci-fi lovers.

This movie is absolutely stunning from the get go. I can't remember ever being pulled into a film so completely and thoroughly, and I don't think I've seen a more beautiful film. Its a pretty intense ninety minutes, with Bullock's character constantly battling one catastrophe after another, and all of it is amazing to see. The plot is pretty straight forward (see it, I won't talk about that), but its the way they pull it off that makes it absolutely worth seeing. Thanks to some incredible CGI, great direction, and solid acting, the movie is an absolute must see. I'm normally not a fan of 3D movies (I hate wearing the stupid glasses), but this movie uses it wonderfully and to great effect. I would strongly recommend seeing it in an IMAX theatre if you get the chance - if there was ever a movie made for 3d IMAX, this is it.

Gravity (2013)A ridiculously visual movie. The photography is astonishing. Astonishing. Add to that a story that never relents with suspense and emotional intensity and you have a remarkable movie.The idea of being under constant stress, worrying for your main characters, should not be new if you know the director Alfonso Cuaron's previous major film, "Children without Men." And like that film, he works with his same cameraman, Emmanuel Lubezki, who has become a co-conspirator in his films. That's a good thing. This movie is a visual stunner. Yes, it has a lot of "effects" if you can call them that, but that have such visual coherence they remain logical and reasonable, even as they tip into the fabulous. It's an achievement.Sandra Bullock is the main character here, even more than her co-lead George Clooney. And she's pretty amazing. You might think she doesn't get much room to stretch her abilities, trapped in space the whole time, but this is exactly where it shows how good she is. Even when she's talking to herself she makes it real, and moving, not a canned or cheesy sentimental or filler kind of moment. Clooney is also strong, playing the more experienced astronaut to a T, including his enduring calm in crisis.Once you are done watching and leave the theater (or stand up from your couch) you might actually feel disoriented. Certainly in 3-D (and I saw it in the IMAX version) the effects are visceral. But looking back in the light of day you might also ask what the movie was about. Or rather, if it was about anything more than the one, relentless trajectory of surviving a series of near-death mishaps.The answer is no. And that's a strength. It's definitely good that the writers (including the director) did not push the sentimentality too hard (there's a little). And there is no great sense of finding God or discovering your inner self. No, this is a survival film as gripping and down to earth (haha) as the vivid "Grey." No distractions here.Except the visuals. Even in 2-D this must be something to marvel at. The 3-D was really really good, and this might seem odd to say given the theatrical mechanics of the camera and exploding spacecraft, but it's also really subtle. There are few moments (memorable ones, like Bullock's tears) where the dimensional aspects come forward. But the film basically uses the 3-D effects to enhance what is already there, nothing more. This of course, enhances a lot, but in respect to the story.The photography is remarkable for the long takes at work, including the almost laugh- out-loud spectacular first long scene where Bullock and Clooney are doing spacewalks. The intelligence of how the camera pulls you into the scenes, with fluidity and without breaks (no edits, no cuts), is both beautiful and effective. There are even moments that are so virtuosic you wonder how they even thought they could do it, let alone then do and succeed. The best example for me was watching Bullock spinning against the fixed starry sky, then the camera pulls closer and seamlessly starts to spin until the spinning becomes the same as Bullock's. The camera continues its approach, getting in on her helmet with reflections, and her face, and then finally her eye (yes that close), and with an incredibly deft wide angle swing we are in her head, looking out at the spinning universe, listening to her panic. Then the camera reverses and undoes all of this, step by fluid step. It takes a really long time, it happens without a single break (which means you are given no emotional escape), and it's both gorgeous and taut with terror. There have been some questions raised about the feasibility of the various events--the different orbits of the real shuttle and space station, or the high speed of the spacewalker in a jetpack, or getting a visual on a space station 100 miles away--but you have to just let all that go. It doesn't really matter. It's not about likelihood on any level. And the movie is so accurate in so many ways it will seem very conceivable. It's hard to imagine not liking this movie on one level or another. No, it isn't crazily imaginative like a Tarantino or Coen film, and it doesn't work its way into social or psychological significance, but what it deliberately does focus on is flawless.a postscript: be sure to see the Cuaron directed parallel short film "Aningaaq" which is recently posted all over. Google it.

Long Live Alfonso Cuaron! Que Viva Alfonso Cuaron! In just a few hundred words, I will now try to do the film, its director and cast (Sandra Bullock & George Clooney), justice. "The Seventh Art" is a term that seems to have fallen into disuse during the past 15 or 20 years. GRAVITY's director, Alfonso Cuaron (Children of Men), has not only resuscitated, but also reinvented it, adding a signature spin all his own. Where is it written that a movie's commercial success is almost always inversely proportionate to its artistic, intellectual and aesthetic quality? GRAVITY, most certainly, brings to mind the adage, "The exception proves the rule!" As this review is being written, Gravity is rated 8.5 on IMDb.com, by 184,000, placing it in the all-time film top 75, just behind The LION KING and just ahead of REQUIEM FOR a DREAM. Truly great films are both original and work on multiple levels. How, specifically, does this one manage so much in just 90 minutes? Alfonso Cuaron's poetic visuals enable us to view his reality through the eyes of a cinematic genius. A glimmering tear, floating aimlessly, impacts the viewer with a Tsunami of emotion. The breathtaking, yet surreal, backdrop of hovering earth and stars provides an ever-present reminder of both our relative insignificance on a cosmic scale and the fleetingness of our problems, however transcendent they may seem to us in the moment.GRAVITY communicates more via imagery and resourceful, subtle, yet intense acting, than it does through dialog. The dialog here mostly serves as a buffer, a veneer, to calm and disguise extremely turbulent inner-emotions. Some of life's great tragedies are framed in the most insipid of words.There is genuinely something for everyone here. If gut-wrenching is what you seek, there are some chaotic, frenetic and viscerally charged moments. Almost forgot to mention, GRAVITY's use of 3-D is never over- the-top, in- your-face nor employed gratuitously. It is deftly and strategically used to highlight on-screen occurrences, not to detract from them or be the sole focus, per se.Bullock's character, Dr. Stone, who at first seems utterly driven to achieve perfection, is in reality locked into a self-induced drone like state of professional isolation, resulting from a profound loss she seemingly refuses to come to terms with. The inner conflict this causes her and Bullock's ability to involve the audience in her character's catharsis translates into moments of overwhelming poignancy. .Why is her performance Oscar worthy? Ms. Bullock literally carries the entire last half of the movie solely on her shoulders and her performance is tersely awe-inspiring. Very few Hollywood actresses could pull this off. And to think that initially she wasn't on the short list for the role! George Clooney's character, larger-than-life, veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski, is the jovial kind of guy who can be a bit of an ***hole at times, but amazes you with his simple selfless professionalism when it really counts. In this supporting role, the on screen platonic chemistry with Sandra Bullock is uncanny. Honestly, some of the best I have ever seen.Lastly, in addition to gut-grabbing, heart-involving and mentally engaging Gravity does what only 1 film in a 1,000 managesIt captures your soul! Some really fine films try to provide the right answers. After experiencing GRAVITY, you'll be asking yourself many of the right questions. .ENJOY/DISFRUTELA! Any comments, questions or observations, in English o en Español, are most welcome!.....

This is yet another movie demonstrating space for many new viewers, IN THE WRONG WAY. If you set aside the horrible acting and the obviously written-in-a-day plot, all you have left is a steaming heap of special effects and sound editing that is designed to rope in young or stupid movie viewers, these days they are synonymous. This is essentially Sanctum(2011) cloned, set in space, with worse acting, and less intelligence. This movie had it's accurate moments, a rarity among cinema, but the creators also dropped the ball hard on many of the physics in the movie. Any of you that have studied physics and understand the concept of a vacuum, please stand up.Spoilers ahead!~~This genre is very hard to get followers as it is, but why oh why would you cast two of the worst possible people that could portray astronauts and then proceed to have them read lines that are most likely written by some guy that has absolutely no knowledge of internal conflict. Okay so here we go. -Does anyone truly believe that, during a SCHEDULED maintenance mission to a prestigious satellite like the Hubble, Russia would have been operating in the same level of orbit? OR if that doesn't hit it home, detonations are not executed in geosynchronous orbit EVER for fear of permanent debris OR how about did the engineers of either Russia or America randomly think that," hmm so we are going to blow up something in orbit(to reiterate this does not happen) and there absolutely won't be a chain reaction that causes the I.S.S. or the future C.S.S. to receive damage" NO because this just won't happen ever. -Why would NASA, assuming this is our time line (she mentions Huston, which is mission control) have authorized this woman(Bullock) for space operations if she is so prone to be mentally disabled in a crisis?(loss of child, apparently no significant other or family, seems depressed so the psych. eval. would have failed) -Why if after being approved for a mission to orbit(which requires ridiculous amounts of training), would this certified astronaut and specialist(most likely an electrical engineer, which happens to be my profession), be so idiotic in a situation as grievous as this. I mean there are well over a dozen times that she seems to have the capabilities of a high school dropout. -I know this is a movie but damn, the cliché's are killing me softly. Ripley is the only solo-heroine of the space genre, sorry Sandra. Also the hallucination cliché ,cough, movie isn't over, cough, she gets away unscathed,cough.In conclusion, yes the special effects depict earth well and the debris/fire-in-zero-g was pretty good, it is clear that the budget went to the cg. The downfall is that space is big, this genre NEEDS exploration, not just our atmosphere! There is a big reason why media like Star Trek has staying power, and why many of the viewers and readers can obtain a lasting memory by stopping by NASA's website and read testimonials of astronauts and see pictures from satellites etc. This movie is just a hyped up 1.5 hours of cg with a terrible script and bad acting, that has nothing to give to the space genre. Sorry Hollywood, but until you give us the desire, you won't get viewers hooked on bad space movies. Sincerely yours, concerned techie.

When I saw the film in IMAX, the reviews on here were 98% positive. Hmmm...Six things in honor of my six score:1. I should say from the get-go that I'm a product of the 80's, so I have a different impression of Sandra Bullock and George Clooney than most people. To me, Sandra Bullock is a clumsy and silly lady who can occasionally drive a bus at high speeds. And George Clooney is that guy from "Facts of Life". They can act in other films, but some early work set their images in my mind. Sandra was a medical engineer? I think not. Why not Rachael Weisz or Tilda Swinton? How about Cate Blanchett? And for the guy, how about someone who seems like he can focus for longer than a minute or two? 2. The cinematography is wonderful, and it does get very suspenseful. I found myself holding my breath at times.3. It goes from dead silence to eardrum-piercing in 2 seconds flat throughout the movie.4. They spent over four years on this movie, and yet some things seemed incredulous. George was supposed to know so much about motion and gravitational pull, but couldn't be bothered to take of his backpack (or anything) and propel himself backwards towards Sandra even though he was at a dead stop. He didn't even attempt to use the propulsion to show that it was out.5. The Chinese craft was already heading toward earth...how?6. They kept banging into things very hard. This never seemed to modulate. Wouldn't somewhat smart people begin to learn to lessen the propulsion? Or did the guy who figured out that special effect go overboard in his demands for scenes? When Sandra would open a door to the crafts, she'd be thrown very hard against the side of the craft, and yet at no time did she let go...couldn't she have attached herself and then get thrown beyond the door and have to pull herself back? It just got repetitive and ridiculous.But it's still a 6!

The visuals for this movie are impressive. The story line is enjoyable, and it leaves you appreciating your place on Earth. The characters also provide some good laughs.It was one of the better 'space' movies. However, as a geek (I know, I know it's a movie) the orbits are all wrong for some of the events to even remotely take place. So if you know anything about space travel, as usual suspend disbelief for the moment. It at least stayed largely true to the no sounds in space thing, and provides some good lessons about linear and angular momentum. The fact I even get to bring this up, means I give the film makers some serious props... I wouldn't go so far as some of the reviews where they says the movie is creating a whole "new genre". The reviewers and movie makers just never realized, until now, what us geeks knew all along... space is much more awesome and frightening if you portray it more realistically.Hopefully the movie also provides a good reminder about how special this little rock is, and how unforgivable the rest of the universe is. Let's try and keep our planet that way! At least I was reminded of this when I left the theater.

Visually stunning. A real first in the technical department and presumably that was the extent of its intent. None of the great themes of Kubrick's 1968 masterpiece "2001: A Space Odyssey", are present here. This is a superlative, 90 odd minutes of remarkable beauty but the 90 odd minutes become really long because, just like the heroine we have so little to cling on to, story wise. It seems petty to criticize a film of this kind for whatever it doesn't accomplish because what it means to accomplish, it does in spectacular fashion. I just felt that I was served a glorious appetizer without a main course. Two huge stars in space Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. Why? If the idea was to dazzled us with something we had never seen before, great unknown actors would have added an extra something. Kubrick used Keir Dullea in "2001: A Space Odyssey", yes, Keir Dullea, or as Noel Coward put it, Keir Dullea, gone tomorrow. We know that if Sandra Bullock was in charge she, one way or another, will land safely. She's terrific, don't get me wrong, but I wasn't as worried about her as I should have been. The last problem was the score. Why? A standard horror/action flick musical score with cheap shots here and there. I think the purity of the work needed to be extended on every department. Now, putting all that aside, director Alfonso Cuaron must be applauded and I strongly recommend you to run and see it in the biggest screen you can find and in 3D.

Hollywood could have probably made 100 decent movies from the money they wasted on this garbage. The film should have been called drudgery not gravity. A 3D extravaganza that delights you with flying pencils, fire in zero G and Bullocks arce but is devoid of any sensible story and utterly empty of any acting from the two leads. We start on a NASA mission to repair the Hubble and are introduced to the most unprofessional team of astronauts NASA has assembled since Armaggedon. Bullock, a medical doctor ???? with 6 months training, is repairing a complex piece of equipment in the void of space while the mission commander Clooney does loop the loop around the shuttle and another of the crew does some kind of space dance. Ignoring the glaring plot chasm in that why would NASA use an untried doctor of medicine to repair space telescopes we have two astronauts playing like school kids in the scariest environment known to Mankind. At the very least they should have been keeping an eye on the rookie. Then the Russians blow up space to save money on decommisioning a satellite and the story hits rock bottom as a very unprofessional NASA start a general panic and the crew get killed. Bullock is drifting in a ridiculous way screaming her butt off as Clooney jets in like someone off Star Wars to save the day.The rest consists of some nonsensical Perils Of Sandra situations and the most stupid scenes which exist for no other reason than to look at Bullocks skimpy knicker clad bony ass in 3D. The question has to be asked what does Sandy do when she feels the urge to go to the loo as it's hardly the 'you should have gone before you left the space ship environment'. The end is too ridiculous for words and would have been much better if a couple of Gorilla's riding horses and armed with rifles had hoven into view.The worst movie of 2013. 3D crap to take the audiences mind away from the fact there was no money for a script and any decent actors.

So the useless woman who admitted she had crashed every flight simulator she was asked to do - by NASA, by the way, and they still passed her - decided to kill herself, turned off all the oxygen in the Russian spaceship (with buttons in Russian which she can't understand!) - and then had a dream, A DREAM! A F&*$@!G DREAM! And George tells her what to do! A DREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Then suddenly remembering she knows Russian, she pressed all the right buttons to get to the Chinese spacestation.Then, when she gets there, she reads no Chinese! But plays "eenie-meenie-minie-mo!" to press the right buttons to get back home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a great movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

OK, first of all, the Ryan's oxygen tank was like out of O2 and she was like I can't breath! and she took her sweet time climbing around and talking crap! she is still breathing after a very long time! And the movie was predictable. Of course, when the movie becomes quiet out of nowhere, something bad is going to happen! When Ryan was on the first spaceship, the debris were destroying everything around her and apparently with some magic power, she and her spaceship is barely getting damaged! And when she said she is going to save that Kowalski guy, she was just like floating and chillying in the freaking spaceship! What a nice person! And the inside the spaceship, the cord was catching on fire! and she just didn't even see it...and after she noticed it, the ship was going to explode. She tried to use the fire extinguisher and bumped her head because of the pressure, can she be more STUPID? After that, she flew off and the debris still did not kill her, while destroying everything around her. Just before she was going to press the firing button, the movie was silent AGAIN! OK, so obviously the button doesn't work because the ship is out of fuel. And she was clumsily flipping the manual booklet trying to get the ship to work and she FAILED! Then she had a dream and Kowalski made her remember EVERYTHING she learned and she got the ship to work, without a manual! And she was able to use the fire extinguisher for coordination in space and she grabbed on to a full speed spaceship. Yeah, a with a fire extinguisher you can catch on to a full speed spaceship! GOOD JOB!!! Once again on the Chinese spaceship, the debris came AGAIN! Way to be so REPETITIVE! And obviously, everything caught fire because the spaceship is way above its speed limit. And with all the pressure and the FIRE! Ryan is still alive and the spaceship is not burned to a piece of crap. What is more, she landed lightly, without any coordination predetermined, on some lake in a forest. And the spaceship was floating on the lake. And she is stupid enough to open the door so the water could drown her. And with the heavy spaceship and her heavy spacesuit, she is sinking as slow as a turtle, and somehow she got out of her suit and swum half a mile to the land. People can barely walk straight when they get off the spaceship and this woman can swim half a mile and be like I'M SUPER WOMAN!!! Any ways, this movie is just stupid, cheesy and if my physics teacher, or anyone with a right mind watches it, they will cough blood and be MIND BLOWN by the stupidity.

I had high expectations for this movie. It started out interestingly enough, I suppose. The problem is, very early in the movie we get down to the movies central core: all sizzle and no steak.The whole movie was full of physics blunders, explosions, fires, debris storms and one inconceivable escape after another. I don't understand why they had very little character investment before the explosions started. I have a hard time caring about any of the people since I don't really understand why they are here, or anything about them. Clooney's character seems to be obsessed with winning a space walk...fine. He is a major character who is relegated to being a one dimensional (although certainly crafty) character. Bullock does become a bit more balanced when she talks about her daughter, so she does feel like a person briefly during the journey to the ISS with Clooney. Why didn't we get some more of this? I guess so we could blow some more stuff up with that persistent debris storm...UGH.Her character does have an amazing arc. She goes from this space-sick scared little girl to supergirl who can pilot modules, time space jumps, etc. perfectly. I think the problem is TOO MUCH arc in this case. I did give it two stars instead of one since they did include some character development, even if it was ridiculously over-the-top. Additionally, it seemed to be s special effects extravaganza, so there was little emphasis put on things that could have added tension. I think some first person shots from Sandra B. would have made her alone time in space more tension building. Instead, we often seem to be beside her, next to her, etc. This makes it seem like we are with her, and kind of detracts from the isolation dread that could have been developed in a better way. Of course there are a bevy of 3D parlor tricks in the movie. They look great in 3D but are just silly. I am not gonna get into the stuff flying, floating, drifting into the third person camera. You know what they are and just what sort of cheap showmanship they are. I will explain my two biggest issues with the physics of this movie. This is by no means a comprehensive list! (very early minor SPOILER) It was after the debris struck the shuttle that I became concerned at the poor attention to physics this movie was playing. Once this happened, I can't help but look for more physics shenanigans! Sandra Bullock's character was sent spinning on some part of the ship into space. She was urged by George Clooney's character to disengage her lanyard or she would go too far away. What on earth was stopping her momentum once she separated from the debris? She would just keep right on moving into space with the debris, only once she let go, she would be a smaller object which would be more difficult to find. So he gives her bad advice and she follows it. It doesn't matter, because somehow he ends up finding her anyway.(SPOILER!) The most egregious and annoying example was the incident where Clooney cuts himself loose, after they were stopped at the ISS. This one really bothered me. What on earth was pulling him (and her) away from the ship once they stopped at the end of the ropes/cables around her feet? What made him magically float away once he cut his tether? C'mon guys, make this happen some other way! Since Clooney is just some one-dimensional glory hound, I just don't care very much when he dies. Why should I? Heck, he won the space walk! I suppose he was happy about it when he inevitably ran out of air floating in the emptiness of space. A badly constructed story with boring characters which is obscured by spectacular effects. Many people loved this movie. Good for them. It was a disaster in my book.

I anticipated watching a good space movie for a change until I saw who wrote and directed it - Alfonso Cuaron. I knew then I should lower my expectations considerably. Somewhere below Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars".It's all about internal consistency. This movie makes no claim to being science fiction, it purports to be a realistic scenario, yet it violates physical laws and disregards current facts at will. The Law of Inertia only seems to apply to the minds of the writers and director. This spinning junkpile is really a fancy vehicle for Alfonso Cuaron to make a not-so-subtle philosophical statement against science (that is, assuming he wasn't just trying to make another roller-coaster video game movie like "Children of Men").Everything in the movie points to science as being dangerous and incomprehensible to commoners like Sandra Bullock (even her protective suit eventually turns against her and tries to drown her), and that we are better off wandering through the forests in our underwear (or preferably naked... but I doubt if Sandra would agree to that). In Cuaron's world all these Machines are out to kill people. Science Bad! Cuaron Smash!Yes, it's the inconsistencies that make movies look bad. But the investors will be happy, most of the critics and movie-going public do not have enough practical scientific knowledge or critical thinking skills to know that "eeny, meeny, miny, moe" is not the correct module separation and landing sequence in Chinese space station escape pods.

Where do I start... Well, first of all, the movie has really good effects! Nothing else. Sorry to say (I was really waiting for this movie and was a major decepcion.) If Kubrick had the equipment they used in this movie, back in 60's, I believe 2001 A Space Odyssey might be even better (the best scifi movie ever in my humble opinion). More than 40 years in future Hollywood accepts to bring this to public? I would be ashamed. The history is weak and fake. Traveling from Space Shuttle (Hubble orbit is about 559KM) to ISS (~370KM) isn't like bicycle ride to beach 4 blocks away... almost 200KM and even without air (to offer resistance) and inertia the o2 in tanks wouldn't be enough... that is just one of the incredible acts... the movie is fulfilled with such... Eeny, meeny, miny, moe ??? That was to be funny ? Am I watching a Three Stooges movie? A specialist (who couldn't even complete a simulator program) get into space and get back alive by the means shown in the movie? Who would believe?As I said, totally waste of time... and money. Looks like Hollywood thinks that audience nowadays has no more than 2 neurons. This movie doesn't even deserves 1 star. Watch it by your own risk.

I was hesitant to watch 'Gravity', due to poor reviews from my peers. So when I put it on, I wasn't expecting much. It turned out to be a very clever and dark movie (just my type).The special effects were very well done, but I felt too much of the film's attention was based on it. There were far too many scenes that had the audience stare for twenty seconds at planet Earth or moving debris. Of course I enjoyed the special effects - everyone did - but I felt they were thrown in your face just for you to drool at.I will admit I understood only some of the science - it was too complicated for me - but I could tell a few flaws. For example, how was Stone's hair staying flat on her head when she was in the space station?The characters were very thought through and had a lot of detail in them, so you felt sad and/or shocked in their (suggested) death. And the death scenes were very well done - creepy and sad. I especially liked the jumpscare scene. Most films I have watched this year overfed the deaths too much - this film doesn't do that and still makes you feel it was worth your money.

It's pointless to talk about the technical and artistic values of this movie. It's obvious, and it's inevitable not to be amazed by it, from photography to acting (kudos for Sandra Bullock, especially). What I would like to point out is the movie's meaning. I just got out of the theater and I'm still in awe, and what really got to me, beneath all the visuals and everything, is that this is the ultimate movie about nature. It's a celebration of the complexities of nature, about how we, as human beings, are so insignificant and weak facing it. We are a tiny little thing among a vast system that's beyond our control. This movie is a study on the humanity's place in the universe, so it's a call for us to face the "larger picture" humbly, and see how our lives, our societies, our achievements and our problems are NOT as important as they seem to be. Look further, your life will seem very fragile. At the same time - and that's the brilliance of the movie - Gravity is a celebration of the human being, because even though we are in fact very insignificant, it is our will to life, and our effort to make our lives meaningful, that make us matter. This is now my favorite movie ever, because it's so rare to find a movie, especially a Hollywood one, that can speak so deeply, so poetically and so subtly about life, the universe, and everything, in 91 minutes with such astonishing grace and artistic honesty.

Two astronauts floating in space - how could that possibly be a concept for one of the most riveting films I have ever seen, and be deserving of the adjectives mentioned in this review's title? And yet Gravity is without doubt one of the most absorbing, don't-look-away-can't-look-away films I've seen for a long time. There are some films (good, entertaining films) that you just watch. Then there are those rare films which have the power to draw you in and make you forget you are WATCHING. Instead, you are EXPERIENCING. That's Gravity. Apart from the astonishing, beautiful and epic scale of the film, with directorial and photographic moments reminiscent of David Lean and Stanley Kubrick, the original script will keep you guessing all the way to the final frame of film. Both actors give solid, convincing performances, but Sandra Bullock has finally been given a part capable of revealing her real talent. Her character has real depth, and (by some truly brilliant directorial techniques), you become completely empathic with her... and when a space film gets the seal of authenticity from ISS astronauts and NASA, it can't be THAT bad!

Where does tooth cavity come from? Suposedly around 70% of products one can see in a supermarket are more or less corn and sugar. Diversity or rather Illusion of diversity derives more or less from usage of different additives and package design. Same principle as in Hollywood. So how did they pack the same old story this time?An old, yet still vital, charming American dream alpha male coffee machine seller uses his last breaths of life mutating in the depths of a digital space into a some sort of a spiritual mentor to a desperate American woman who tries to deny the loss of her child by enrolling into Nasa. While this male vs. woman emancipation melodrama develops , the Russians (who else) bomb their own spy satellite, causing a chain explosion reaction, that causes some major problems to north American face-book community and demolishes all the stuff that was ever put into the mother earth's orbit. While International Space Station and Chinese station magically will temporary stay untouched by the Russian clumsiness, first the space rocket will be destroyed. George and Sandra will of course survive. First catastrophe can be evaluated in a picture of a framed American dream family floating next to an American best dad from the same photo with his head now having a big hole in it. That is what is left after the Russians interfere with the American dream. Literally a mind-blowing idea. The coffee machine seller will in the meanwhile commit something like a ritualistic suicide. He will for the sake of his own spectacle sacrifice himself, so that Sandra can survive. Some major self-image problems this guy must have had. But he sure had a brave heart. (time for some orchestral tear provoking music) After our tears finally dry, the saga goes on. Super Sandra, after already winning a space Lotery and surviving the unsurvivable is about to win few more once-in-a-lifetime jackpots. She will stay untouched in the middle of few more devastating explosions, bite her way through breathing co2, opening space stations doors like a Hulk, doing a floating fetus, driving around in space with help of a fire extinguisher etc. Basicaly she would have made it back to earth untouched even if she would have taken her space-helmet off and cover her eyes with her hands, hold breath and space-swim back to mother Earth. On her free fall to Earth she would have probably caught a parachute that per coincidence fell out of the full HD blue sky just when she needed it. Somehow tired, being a Super Woman, Sandra eventually finds herself in a moment of depression, barking like a dog and wants to end her life as well, but coffee guy magically appears in her dream, reminding her, how everything is possible if you try hard enough and similar Oprah Winfrey inspired life lectures. She uses her magical powers once more and does the Eeny Meany Minny Moe trick and consequently pushes the »Safe drive back home« button. (time for some uplifting orchestral music)Trapped in a burning coconut she spectacularly flies down to the earth, everything around her burning and exploding again, while she lands softly in a calm lake. Now that she is back to Reality her super powers seem to fade for a moment. Clumsy as she is, she almost drowns herself, but the strong will to survive (and be able to have an ego-trip of her life afterwords, telling her amazing story to all the other suckers on the planet) motivates her once more to breath water and eventually she walks out of the lake like a Lara Croft.What follows is hungry t-Rex hunting the protagonist that is now driving a bus that magically appeared on a bus-station by the lake. ;)Gravity is yet another example of a very shallow American movie that has a big success, by seducing the viewer with the help of usage of some well-tested psychological manipulation techniques. A viewer identifies with an invented every day person, that manages to become a homo superior. Presumably due to the strong will and faith protagonist has. If you look carefully, it it more than obvious that success in most similar movies is a result of a chain of pure luck situations happening over and over again. The manipulation uses the human empathy and consequently neutralizes it, for it is acted out in a virtual realm and find its nirvana in a virtual realm as well. Another neural linguistic yes-we-can-ism. Another hero for Oprah's couch. Another movie masterpiece to make our life seem meaningful. (as if it wasn't meaningful unless one is an infantile sentimental wreck that blindly believes everything is possible if you just »believe« hard enough). The psychological implication of movies like this is simple: if you did not make it it was your own fault. For we definitely did all we could do for you. Help yourself and Hollywood will help you. (sound of a splash into a swimming pool in front of a Mediterranean villa)I am surprised, how many people interpret movies like this, as if they would glorify the so called Mother Nature- for movies like this, are essentially always telling us a story of a person, representing an American tech-no-capitalistic Enterprise, that in the end manages to win a battle over nature, a profoundly absurd idea.Even the movie critics seem to have a rather very limited perception and understanding of cinema and its psycho-sociological implications. Nothing new on planet Earth while technological utopia pushes the American dream into a new level of meaningless hyper-reality, a corn and sugar based candy for hungry masses of people. Sweet tasting dreams that keep on making holes in our hypnotized mind and soul.

I have seen this movie on IMAX 3D and i think i would have eaten Nando's or have gone to bar then watching Gravity movie. Gravity is a low budget movie and its ingredient is two high paid actors, 4-6 voices and the cheapest story of all time. No doubt ,the special effect of movie was very good but other then that, there is nothing in the movie worth watching .i don't know why people have voted so much for this movie that after 140k votes ,the ranking of gravity is 8.5. I would say that, the production of movie was done in the bathroom of universal studio with some good special effects. So my suggestion, don't waste your money on watching this low budget movie because by watching the rating on IMDb and watching on cinema, this movie does not worth paying ££££ and time. The expectation from both the high paid actors were high but after 5 min till end of the movie, there was only one actor Sandra bullock who has done her job satisfactory with sh****t story of all time.This movie is really the biggest blunder of 2013

There is a sensational and overwhelming power that Alfonso Cuarón's space thriller "Gravity" possesses and manages to sustain in its 90 minute run time. I think I left my jaw on the theater floor. There are four things in particular to credit for this occurrence. The first of which being co-writer and director Cuarón, who has constructed one of his finest outings. "Gravity" breathes in a way I haven't seen before and is probably one of the best technical marvels that cinema has offered in the past twenty years. Cuarón handles the film with absolute certainty, restraining himself from committing any science fiction bourgeois, and reinventing the genre in a miraculous execution. I've never looked at the world of Cinematography with so much respect and adoration until I saw the works of Roger Deakins and now, firmly sitting next to him at the table as the most innovative and brilliant DP working today, Emmanuel Lubezki. We've all seen what he's accomplished in his Oscar-nominated works in "Children of Men," in which he was teamed up with Cuarón, and Terrence Malick's "The Tree of Life," both of which resulted in unimaginable losses. A 13-minute opening shot shows his abilities to capture the essence of the now, the feelings that life offers. Real life doesn't cut, Cuarón and Lubezki understand this. The liberties where he chooses to take us, even when we step inside from the cold, lonely edge of space, manages to turn this very simple tale into a full-fledged meditation session with the sooth sounds of composer Steven Price. Visual effects have never been put to better use than what you will witness in "Gravity." One of the few films I urge everyone to see on the biggest screen possible. The post-conversion in 3D, although cool at times, was a bit unneeded. It doesn't add to the depth and scope of Cuarón's dramatic endeavor, it actually undersells it as a cheap, blockbuster space movie. An IMAX screen, the largest you can find, with a sound system able to make your eardrums bleed, those are the basic requirements. I haven't been in this much awe of a film's quality and optics this since I saw "Terminator 2: Judgment Day" when I was six years old. "Avatar" and "Life of Pi" are great spectacles, but this will be revisited in years to come as the bench mark for modern day science fiction. It's this generation's "2001: A Space Odyssey."Finally, I've had a childhood crush on Sandra Bullock since I feasted my eyes on those pretty browns driving a bus in "Speed" during the early 90's. This manifested into looking at her abilities as an actor with a skewed vision. She's hinted at this greatness I've felt she could achieve in films like "A Time to Kill," "Crash," and her Oscar-winning role in "The Blind Side." Sandra Bullock has finally realized her potential as a leading lady and taps into the very essence of the human spirit as Dr. Ryan Stone; a work that stands as her greatest endeavor and her gift to the silver screen. Natural, poised, and fully engulfed, Bullock is absolutely magnificent and in many ways, my favorite performance of the year so far. She rallies an emotional connection from the audience and demands things of herself that she hasn't done before. An Oscar-worthy work that should land her as a Best Actress nominee...and perhaps a winner.George Clooney as Matt Kowalsky is exactly what you'd come to expect from the Oscar-winning producer and actor. He utilizes his wit and charm to be a lighter force of our dark tale, and is a perfect balance to Bullock's frantic demeanor. As aforementioned, Steven Price's musical work is tenderly utilized and precisely executed, building up lots of affectionate tones that may leave some audience members in tears. The script by Alfonso Cuarón and son Jonas Cuarón inhabit a rich texture of dialogue that aren't thrown in for the sake of breaking the silence. They aren't afraid to let the scenery speak for itself or to let the actors portray their emotions in mannerisms, but when they step away from that, everything connects beautifully."Gravity" is a rare breed. Simplistic but so refreshingly new. Visually, it will be studied for years to come, and thematically, will be revisited by the genre's most ardent enthusiasts. One of the best films of the year. I'll say, if you haven't watched the trailers and clips, continue to do so. Too much information.

Reading all the great reviews I must say, that I had high expectations for this movie and the visual aspect really lived up to them. The shots and the endlessly long scenes are real eye candy. So kudos for that. But why did they completely leave out any kind of story? They could have just shown actual footage of spacewalks. Some of those events portrayed in this move are also extremely unlikely. (what are the odds, that the debris stays on the exact same orbit as the ISS, not even 0.000001 degrees off???) But the biggest downer was the ending. It was so predictable and dull that I did not actually see it coming as there is no way that anyone would seriously use such a clichéd Hollywood ending. I'll still give it 5 stars for the beautiful visuals which you have to experience in 3D, but other than that, this movie is garbage.

Indeed the best space film ever done. This film transports you to space in every cinematic way possible. The visual effects are so brilliantly executed it makes you wonder if they shot part of it in space. Incredibly effective long takes throughout the film bring the realism and suspense that none other space film has ever done before. The acting is subtle and engaging. Sandra Bullock deserves another Oscar after this as well as best director for Alfonso Cuaron and Cinematography for Emmanuel Lubezki. I can't recommend this film enough. Ground breaking, beautiful and technically perfect. Film schools will be studying this film in the future.

My review does not discuss the specific problems with this movie because I don't want to add a spoiler alert.Based on the amazingly high IMDb rating and the glowing reviews in the press, IMDb and similar sites, I convinced my wife to watch a sci-fi movie that was sure to astound. Just a few minutes into the movie it became apparent that it had some problems, and they just got worse as 90 minutes of our lives slowly drained away. As the champion for this movie, I was embarrassed, and in particular by two scenes i.e. the pointless 'look at me, I'm a floating foetus', and 'I can howl like a dog'.Perhaps the critics had had a lot of the free wine at the film festival, or perhaps they saw a different film. I simply cannot reconcile the rave rating and reviews with the movie we saw. To me it's like the story "The emperor's new clothes", and I'm one of a small group of people that can see that the emperor is really naked, or in the case of Gravity, it really IS NOT a good movie.Some reviewers have said it's as close to space as you can get without actually going there. I strongly disagree. If you want to get close to seeing what it's really like in space, watch IMAX's "Space Station 3D" and "Hubble 3D". If you want to know how astronauts really act and react when things go wrong watch Apollo 13.

and waste of $105 million supposedly spent to make this. Surprisingly, it is said to have grossed $200+ million. There is no explaining to taste; other than the warning of PT Barnum.To say that the story is weak is to concede there is a story; none, zilch, nada. It is endless crashes, explosions, with an often dazed, stone-faced Sandra Bullock trapezing her way from one unoccupied, exploding, space station to another, and managing a fiery re-entry into some unidentified land mass.Navigation in Exploding Space Stations - would be a nice title for this documentary; but I can't call this a documentary, because as far as I can tell, it defies all logic, physics (space or otherwise).Go watch Apollo 13 yet another time. This flick doesn't deserve the cost of a movie ticket, a DVD rental; and certainly not the expenditure of 90 minutes of anybody's life.

Arguably the best tagline for a movie EVER, "In space no one can hear you scream" Alien's "In space no one can hear you scream" tagline is arguably the best tagline for a movie of all-time. That same tagline could easily be effectively utilized for Alfonso Cuarón's latest thriller, Gravity.Starring two unknowns by the names of George Clooney and Sandra Bullock, Gravity puts the two A-listers together as a medical engineer and an astronaut that must work in tandem to survive once a freak accident leaves them adrift in space.Their struggle takes place after debris from a Russian satellite comes speeding through their orbit ripping their space shuttle to shreds causing Dr. Ryan Stone (Bullock) to float untethered in space. Coming to her aid is astronaut Matt Kowalsky (Clooney) who estimates that the debris will again circle the earth and again zip past their location in approximately 90-minutes. Their mission quickly changes into a race to survival 600km above the earth where help from anyone outside of each other is impossible.Alfonso Cuarón is chiselling himself quite a career. He was last behind the camera for Children of Men (2006) which was nominated for three Academy Awards and he was also responsible for the best film in the Harry Potter film series with Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004). But Gravity is his best work to date.Bullock carries the film (expect some murmurs for a Best Actress nomination) and Gravity centers on the two main characters only. There are no other developed characters. Two other astronauts and a radio voice from Houston, Texas are the only other character influences and their parts wouldn't amount to 2 minutes if strung in order.With only two actors to carry the entire 90-minute runtime, the movie relies heavily on its visuals of space and the various orbiting stations with the earth always prominent in the background. And the visuals are fantastic. There are no side-stories, sub-plots, unnecessary fluff or sexual tension between the characters. Just a desperate attempt to make the most of the oxygen they have left.Gravity is the best 3D film ever. Ever. Add to the mix the incredible visuals and perfect sound (both loud and quiet) and you have a faultless mix. Gravity will contend for Oscar's in Visual Effects, Sound and Editing.Cuarón incredibly is able to give his audience a sense of claustrophobia whether his cast are inside an orbiting capsule or in the vast darkness of space. And as the astronauts deal with each new developing tragedy, the audience will themselves be gasping for air rooting for the character's success in each new attempt at survival.With still a few months left in the year, it's too early to call a film the year's best. But Gravity will definitely be there on many lists at the year's conclusion. It's that breathtaking. It's that good.www.killerreviews.com

DON'T believe the hype! The characters are ridiculous. The action scenarios are repetitive - floating space crew trying to get into space stations & being flipped around as they open the entrance hatches. Clooney's 's character is irritating, & constantly spouting utter nonsense stories whilst he space walks & buzzes around like a child. Even at the most import moments - such as Bullock trying to complete her Hubble Telescope repair, he is constantly talking. He can't stop even when she is announcing her suits oxygen supply is down to 2% (only finally not expecting her to reply & conserve oxygen, when it gets down to 1%) - & why the heck she didn't say, I want to live & not run out of air, & just tell him to shut the hell up I don't know. The emotional back story has no impact, the acting is terrible. Some effects are good, but placed in a poor story with ridiculous scenarios, I became unimpressed. This is no classic, & I can not understand the high marks. There is no intelligent science in this movie at all. Bullock is even impervious to smoke inhalation & fireballs exploding next to her head. I can't understand how the director didn't remind her she is mean't to be acting. Oh,& just wait for the 'dog howling' scene, absolute tosh. Before I get complaints, I know my review isn't very good, but neither is this movie. Poor script & dialogue, with a simple story, that's mean't to be driven by what turn out to be very unbelievable action sequences. Bullocks character stood no chance of survival... Do you think she survived? All in all an extremely disappointing experience, think twice before you spend money on seeing this.

I cannot image why some people like this movie. It's just so bad... It has one of the most realistic gravity interpretations in the film industry, that is true... and then they screw it just to kill Clooney? That scene of Clonney falling it's one of the most epic failures. But one can actually forget that, it's not so bad... the bad thing is watching Sandra Bullock overacting all over the movie. O good, she actually has to pay people for watching it. I mean, astronauts has to pass very strict psychological test, they don't get everybody to space, because it's unsafe! And then, flying a Russian escape pod modified by Chinese... It annoys so much seeing this movie selected to receive awards that this is the first time I made a review.

The film has no script at all. The technology supports the movie, which is no good. Sandra Bullock is a great actress and she is fine on the big screen, but like the space in the movie, something goes wrong. The first twenty minutes are the best part. After that, is more of the same.The feeling is once in the space you will receive rain garbage every half hour. Positive point: the feeling that you are in the space is almost real (I think,because I've never been there) . A lot of issues in the film has no response. What happened to Clooney character? Is he waiting to appear in the sequel if the film succeeds? In the end I left the theater with a certainty: Sandra Bullock is still hot!

It's a modern ninety minute short film therefore it's probably a great film without even looking full stop. Most new films stretch out longer than their event horizon with cgi cartoonery too daft to laugh at and say less than this one's end credits. But however entertaining this might possibly be it's still as vacuous as the space that is the ... er real star - at least the ninety minutes didn't drag though.Two astronauts (Buzz Clooney and Ripley Bullock, the entire cast) are tinkering around a space ship when debris from space collision causes space mayhem and serious space problems for them to get back to safety. There's some gripping and some risible moments always complemented with eye-boggling cgi; although this is a live action cartoon it looks real to me at all times ... is that partly because we all know Americans with their backs against the airlock are always as resourceful as this ... If I'd seen this with some Buddy Holly 3D specs in the cinema I might have come away seasick – so thank the Lord I didn't! Without the 3D gimmick it's a film easier to concentrate on and criticise for its empty headed plot. And why off Earth did I keep reminiscing about Fireball XL5? I'd watch this again when it's on the telly in the future as a slot filler as no big loss.But it certainly was fantastic and space-breaking work by the legions of cartoonists and technicians: it looks great, appears heavy, ends up lightweight.

Astonishing that this movie has received rave reviews from virtually every film critic in America. The movie-going public never surprises me; they view trips to the theater like trips to a theme park. But critics? Isn't part of their job to review the plot and screenplay? Gravity is terrible in both regards, and obviously I'm in the minority, but those elements are crucial when I watch a movie. I almost begin to wonder if the fix is in with certain movies, and critics are under pressure to deliver good reviews. Probably not, and I can only feel alienated when a movie--one with absolutely no brains--unanimously impresses professional film critics.

This is a break through kind of film. Cuaron crossed boundaries and he didn't have the technology to do it, he create it. Just like genius do. It has been a really long time since you could go to a see a movie and experience this kind of translated emotions as vividly and organically and in so many different levels And will be some time for the next one. For the story, you can go as deep as YOU like, and in as many different approaches as each person who watch it. You choose. ..Cuaron guide us into an amazing out of this earth journey. And knowing all the things he had to achieve to do it it's just amazing. Amazing Bullock..Best film ever. Can't imagine anybody else for it. Great with Clooney ( wondering why they never worked together before) Can't wait for everybody have the opportunity to watch it, and share the experience!

I finally got the chance to see Gravity the other night and I just wanted to share my thoughts on the movie and hopefully shed some light on the physics, CGI, plot and acting throughout.The opening scene of the film, George Clooney's character, Matt Kowalski, is seen rapidly moving all over the ISS (International Space Station) un-tethered while suited in an MMU (Manned Maneuvering Unit). He begins to make formal talk with Sandra Bullock's character (Ryan Stone) and then proceeds to talk about a party he went to in Mardi Gras. Now, I'm not astronaut, but I highly doubt one would feel obligated to reflect on a night out on the town while on a space walk, un-tethered. Sanrda Bullock's character was nothing but a klutz. NASA would never have chosen her as a mission specialist given her unrelenting emotional behavior. She was constantly messing things up (mind you her character only had 6 months training) and constantly needed Clooney to help her out. Clooney was nothing but a smartass full of clichés and bad acting all around. It's almost as if his mind was still in the green screen room and not in space. He's an actor, he's been in many films. Acting would have been nice here.All of the sudden, debris hits the robotic arm and spins Bullock out of control. She eventually gets flung off into space, at a rapid speed. There's one small problem here, that is impossible. NASA procedure during an EVA (Extra-vehicular Activity) requires the astronaut to have a SAFER, which is a small self-contained propulsive backpack system used in case of emergency only. If the astronaut would drift off, it provides free-flying mobility, adjusts roll, pitch and yaw, making possible for the astronaut to return to the spaceship safely. She didn't have one.Lets talk a little about the physics in Gravity, shall we? At one point in the film, a chute opens on the capsule while in orbit and spreads all over the ISS causing a chain reaction of disaster. This is also impossible. The chute, in reality, would not have opened, It would have stayed in tact. You know why? There is NO WIND IN SPACE.Sandra Bullock then begins to run out of Oxygen, and breathes on nothing but carbon dioxide for over 5 minutes. She would have been dead and the movie would have ended (which is what I was hoping). Sandra Bullock's character manages to get inside the ISS after releasing Clooney's character, who eventually dies. The were holding onto each others' hands, what invisible force pushed Clooney away from the rest of everything in that orbit? Oh yea, nothing did because there was no force. At all. After she gets inside the capsule, a fire starts and ignites on...nothing. It spreads as if the entire capsule was emerged in WD-40. This couldn't happen either, because OXYGEN IS NOT A FUEL HENCE IT IS NOT FLAMMABLE.Bullock manages to get on the Chinese station, where she begins to read an instruction manual for re-entry the size of a DVD instruction booklet. Using only pictures. Thank God during her 6 months of training she manages to squeeze a little Soyez training in there as well. She is seen frantically pushing random buttons while actually saying out loud "eenie, meenie, miney, ...mo!". She is supposed to be a mission specialist, not a clumsy emotional nitwit with the brain capacity of a mentally retarded monkey with cerebral palsy. Then, over the radio, she hears the sound of someone talking, then the voice starts to play around with her and you can hear barking, so she starts howling and barking like a dog back at whoever was on the radio. She re-enters the atmosphere unfastened and barefoot. The re-entry capsule had a 60 second countdown. This is also false because almost everything during a EVA has an override in the event of a de-orbit emergency. Apparently not in Gravity.So, lets talk about how this movie made almost $300,000,000 in a few months. Apparently there are either a lot of idiots out there or someone hacked the IMDb database and gave it high ratings. It's very sad to see such mediocrity being praised and tainting our collective unconscious with garbage. If you want to see a good space flick, I recommend 2001: A Space Odyssey and/or Apollo 13. 2001 came out in 1968 and it's still light years ahead of Gravity. The acting in Apollo 13 is as good as it gets. I happen to think Gravity is the worst movie ever made, of all time in any genre anywhere. I used to have Troll 2 reigning at the #1 spot for worst movie of all time, but I think I just made an exception with Gravity to take it over.If you don't believe me, see it for yourself if you haven't already.Thanks to nysalesman on IMDb for a really good review as well.

Gravity, Alfonso Cuaron's explosive, white-knuckle sci-fi instant classic is a wonder to behold, with devastatingly realistic effects as a backdrop to a terrifying, compelling story and terrific work by Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. It is both a concrete what-if story and a mesmerizing existential mindbender.The U.S Space Shuttle Explorer is docked at the International Space Station. Dr. Ryan Stone (Bullock), on her first space mission, is installing an external device on the station that will enable astronomers to peer even deeper into space. Meanwhile, the mission commander Kowalski (Clooney), on his final mission, merrily spacewalks in a jet pack; other crew members perform maintenance or communicate with Earth.Then trouble strikes. Houston reports that the Russians have blown up one of their own satellites, hurling debris throughout Earth's orbit. Before the crew can return to the shuttle and head back to Earth, the craft and the ISS are pounded with lots and lots of pieces of metal traveling at extreme speeds. The damage is extensive, setting off an odyssey for Dr. Stone that is both literal and figurative, as she must find a way to keep going and return back home.There is hardly a moment of inaction. Stone and Kowalski veer from problem to problem, everything accentuate by the simple fact that they are alone up there, not even able to contact NASA. It's a terrifying situation. Most of us might have a slight panic attack if we're stranded on the side of the road without a cell phone. Imagine being up in the heavens with no way to get down.Emmanuel Lubezki's dizzying camera-work serves two purposes: it provides us with Stone's visual perspective, that of a novice, and it provides context for the disaster she and Kowalski find themselves in. If you think that the pictures from the Hubble telescope were beautiful, wait until you see these breathtaking visuals; they're as stirring and evocative as the acting and story itself.Stone journey, as I mentioned, becomes more than just a path back to safety. She is grieving in her own way, becoming a quiet, almost listless passenger in life. Her decisions and her proactive attitude not only bring her closer to survival but also to a healing of her mind. This is definitely among Bullock's finest work, perhaps her greatest achievement to date.I've noted before that 3D movies in darkened environments, such as outer space, are utterly needless, since 3D actually removes light from scenes. But somehow, the 3D effects in Gravity sidestep that downside. The technology is used so expertly here that whether we are approaching an object at high velocity or it is approaching us, we feel immersed in the scene, not distracted from it. Tough to do.I simply cannot delve into the plot any more than I already have. The astute viewer will still have trouble guessing the outcome and the twists within the movie, particularly because the action is so hard- driven – while still utterly coherent and plausible.There are plenty of heart-stopping moments in Gravity, even for the most jaded of viewers. It is fantastic storytelling supported by arresting cinematography. It may be too early for movies to get serious award- season consideration, but I'll come out and say this right now: Gravity is one of the very best movies of the year.

When I first opened my email to see a Klout Perk inviting me to an advance screening of Gravity, starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock, I'll admit my first thought was... 'what is Gravity?' At this point, it was still early enough that the huge marketing blitz for the film was just starting, and since I don't watch a lot of live TV, I had not seen any trailers for it. Since I never like to turn down a free movie however, I immediately signed up. I'm very glad that I did.Security was pretty intensive for a screening only a month or so before a new release, forcing us to check in (my name was on 'the list') with 3 separate people, as well as having to leave our cell phones out in the car and be screened though a metal detector wand to ensure we weren't bringing ANY electronic devices in the theater. Thankfully, the drama wasn't limited to the process of getting in, the movie provided plenty as well! From the opening scene to the closing credits, there are many dramatic moments, underscored brilliantly by the AMAZING Steven Price score. The music and sound in this film really stand out, both in the places where it is used, and even more dramatically in places where it is not. Movies very rarely seem to know where silence is the right choice, but they do a fantastic job here.The screening was in 3D, of which I normally am not a huge fan. Typically, the glasses are uncomfortable, or don't fit over (or under) my glasses, which forces me to wear them alone and watch the movie with my crappy blurred vision. The glasses provided for this film, however were easy to slip on over my own glasses without feeling like I was wearing safety goggles. The 3D effects were well done, and accented the movie nicely without feeling obtrusive or 'gag-like'. I probably would have enjoyed the movie just as much in 2D, but I will recommend seeing it in 3D if that's your thing.The visuals in Gravity are absolutely stunning! The views of the earth from space and the way the graphics are completed really give you a small sense of what it would be like to be in space. Even without getting into the script or acting, the visuals, combined with the previously mentioned sound design excellence, create a truly immersive experience well worth going to a theater to experience on the big screen. Of course, we have to talk about the acting... Both Clooney and Bullock put on a great show in Gravity. With Sandra Bullock actually putting on an acting clinic at times that I, for one, never gave her credit for in the past. Without spoiling the movie for anyone, I will tell you that these two are the only people you see on screen, with the rest of the very short cast list appearing in voice form only. It can be incredibly hard for a one or two man show to keep people's attention, but much like Tom Hanks in Cast Away, they pull it off with the 1-2 punch of great acting and solid writing. It also doesn't hurt that the run time on the film is only 90 minutes. I'm sure they could have easily forced another 20 to 30 minutes in to get the time up, but they made the right choice I believe in making it short and to the point. The overall effect is that when you leave the theater you know that the whole story was told (and beautifully told at that), and that none of your time was wasted on superfluous or gratuitous film stock.In short, Gravity is a very well put together film. Stunning visuals combine with brilliant scoring to play backup to some great acting and very solid writing. I gave it a 9/10 and I highly recommend giving it a watch, preferable in the theater... your choice on the 3D or 2D version.

'Gravity' begins with an extravagant visual flourish - a shuttle crew is servicing the Hubble telescope while planet Earth revolves majestically several hundred miles beneath them. As they work, news of a satellite collision arrives from mission control. The distant incident quickly turns into a dire emergency when a cloud of lethal debris zeroes in upon the astronauts. Mayhem ensues - and within seconds the shuttle vehicle is transformed into a destroyed and useless hulk.When the dust has cleared, two space-suited astronauts find themselves alone and adrift in the immensity of space. In the real world there would be zero chance of survival - so the film is festooned with ludicrous science as it transforms itself into a juvenile comic book adventure. The cornball script confines the one-dimensional characters to lame banter and maudlin sentimentality as a series of implausible cliffhanger exploits play out against the backdrop of spectacular special effects. Despite its box-office success, 'Gravity' is just another featherweight tale from Hollywood, 'full of sound and fury, signifying nothing'.

Maybe this movie has been planned to start with a low budget. Maybe this movie worked out only for special effects, computer graphics & 3D. Maybe this movie is totally a bullshit. I have seen few space movies that has been so spectacular and marvelous but never seen of this kind. I hope and wish that this movie should be first and last of whichever mediocre genre it belongs to. I really felt that I have totally wasted my money and time, the only thing kept me alive is my friends while I'm watching it. Lots and lots of flaws. No gripping story line. From a space shuttle only one gets back to the earth out of four. A one-liner story it is. I have no idea why this movie is rated so much than it deserves. Seriously 8.6 now? There is all way of silence right from the start nothing to cheer about till the end. George Clooney has been used like a clown. My regret is all that when a movie like this gets a rating of 8.6 then it surely encourages other script writers, directors, producers and whoever involves in making a movie will become ready to give another shitty movie just like this with some other different simple one-liner boring, non-sense story. It definitely belongs to shouldn't watch movies list of all-time. No wonder why Robert Downey Jr. rejected this movie.

Although visually appealing this is the biggest load of crap I have ever seen. The completely noticeable fake pendulum swing is just to comical for me to bare. This movie is the most unrealistic portrayal of what happens when hurtling through space towards the earth at 30,000 kph. This movie should be retitled One woman 3 space stations it is so bad ! When entering earths atmosphere do you think you could survive clinging onto it with your hands while not burning to a crisp from re-entry ? Does anyone actually buy these scenes ? I am a massive sci-fi fan and this is going into my top 10 worst movies of all time. How anyone can consider this as remotely good blows my mind.

Okay so I have NEVER given a movie 1/10, and I have NEVER been so disappointed with a movie in my life. This was by far the worst movie I have ever seen. I can save you the money for your ticket and two hours of your life in exchange for reading these two lines. She thinks she is going to die in space, she doesn't, she lands on a island and is happy.There is NO character development, NO conflict, NO action, NOTHING to interest us at all. I was so bored I can't believe this was even a movie. This was something I expect to see on a TV advertisement or something, it was so bad I was ashamed that it got above a 5. No idea how this movie is rated so high but SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AND DO NOT WATCH THIS

Minor spoilersI'm sorry, I just can't with this. Speaking as a woman, the women characters that Hollywood continues to trot out to illustrate narrative, continue to be really offensive and irritating. All while desperately trying to have a "strong female character." They've got to pull that trope garbage about her being a mother who lost her daughter. I seriously was about to vomit in the aisle when this happens. That fake emotional device paired with the music...it's like getting Splenda in your coffee when you like the taste of coffee all on its own. Stop. Please just stop.The science is wrong. It's not even worth going into. Yes, yes, we know Hollywood, how could you possibly make an interesting movie with real science? We know. It's impossible. #sarcasmFor me what is worse and so insidious are women characters. I do love Sandra Bullock, I really do, but seriously to send her up there and have her flailing around like that until Clooney comes along (in dream form) to tell her to sack up...is really irritating and offensive to watch. More interesting would have been to have Sandra play Clooney's character and Clooney, Sandra'sThe one great thing about this movie is that it has given limitless bitching fodder to me and my friends. That is fun (we love science AND we are feminists...weird, huh?). It also inspires me, in a way, because there is so much crap in Hollywood that gets produced and distributed, so maybe someday my crap will get produced, distributed, adored and buy me a house in the Turks and Caicos. So, there's that.

Honestly, this movie is ridiculous.90 minutes of uninspiring dialogue and utterly implausible life or death feats. Lots of panicking and colliding and tumbling and reaching and grabbing. Lots of grabbing. Miraculously, Sandra survives it all! I did too, but only because I had an extra large popcorn to get me through.I do not understand what viewers get from this movie. A lowered IQ, perhaps? Beats me, I can't work it out. Then again, I've seen the movie.Oh and that fire extinguisher scene? C'mon now.

I was very anticipating this movie for a couple of months after I watched the trailer. But now I regret wasting nearly 20 bucks and 90 min for this movie. How can this movie get 8.7 out of 10 ?!?! Did I watched a different movie? All the character, dialogue, plot(if it had one) was full of cliché, easily predictable and does not have any meaning at all. The characters have unrealistic personality. The dialogue was pretty stupid. Two main characters repeat the same words like a half smashed radio. The plot was also stupid. Russia fires missile to destroy their satellite? Do you really think that is plausible? But the thing I thought most terrible was the messages it carries. One superficial message is "don't give up, overcome the adversity." Don't you think it is too worn out to fill whole 90 mins? And second deep message is "through the adversity, a human reborns" presented by the fetus scene and last near-drowning scene. But this kind of message is pretty worn out also. You can find the same exact symbolism in many movies made 10 or 20 yrs ago. Even if this symbolism hasn't worn out, there should've been enough supportings in plot or dialogue. Just throwing few isolated scenes dosen't make symbols. Visual is fine. That's only good thing in this movie. But visual alone can never make the movie great. If you use only your two eyes while watching movies, this movie is for you. but, at least if you use a tiny portion of your brain, you should not watch it. You better wait for a movie that has a better 3D technology and watchable plot.

Don't trust the reviews here on IMDb, they are probably written by the paid marketers :) Anyway, in a two years, when they stop, the rating will probably fall to 5/10. (Now is 12/oct/2013) About the movie: The story is shallow and empty. After you finish watching there is nothing you can say or discuss-because there is nothing.The dialogues are annoying and dumb chit-chat. Especially Clooney. I wish I could tell him to shut the f* up.Visual effects are OK, for the first 20 mins. Once you get used to it, it's all the same.Sandra Bullock's character is so unreal and misscasted. Miss Congeniality drives Chinese space ship with eeny meeny miney mo, clicking random buttons on control panel. Give me a break.And then the dead Clooney that comes to tell her what to do. o_O I can go on like this forever but I don't want to do it for the movie that doesn't deserve one word.

It was named "Gravity" instead of "Zero-Gravity" for a good reason - because for some unknown reason gravity had some how returned to the astronauts in space above the Earth. This would explain why Bullock's hair laid flat on her head. It would explain why Clooney had to let go of Bullock because he was being pulled by gravity! This could happen if the Hubble and the space stations were somehow stopped from their different orbits and put into a fixed spot over the earth and held there by some mysterious force. This would explain why the exploded Russian satellite debris would attack them every 90 minutes because the debris is still in orbit. But what could do that and why? Maybe the first scene might explain it. Bullock was trying to fix some device on the Hubble telescope which might then enable it to see an alien life form. The aliens did not like this so they pulled the Hubble and the space stations together and held them there while they blew up a Russian satellite using the debris from it to destroy everything in space around the earth including the communication satellites in a much much higher orbit. Perhaps they destroyed most humans on Earth also because no one one Earth was responding and no one greeted Bullock when she landed. Thus the title "Gravity"!It reminds me a bit of the old 1951 movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still". In it aliens were upset with us developing atomic bombs and "neutralized all electric power everywhere around the planet except in situations that would compromise human safety, such as hospitals and airplanes." (Quote from Wiki.)Looking forward to "GRAVITY 2"! Here Bullock discovers that she is pretty much the only person on Earth except for the other astronauts that made it home from the space stations. She also discovers she is pregnant from Clooney (queue flashback showing how this happened in space on the shuttle). Their son, played by Justin Bieber, builds a rocket and goes into space to fight the aliens that killed his dad in the first Gravity. Everyone lives happily ever after, except for ... then comes GRAVITY 3!﻿

My wife and I watched this in what is supposed to be its best medium: 3D at an IMAX screen. At the end of the film, we both turned to one another and said, "What a stupid movie."I'm struggling to figure out why so many people are going ga-ga over this. Can the flash really be that bright that no one can see the truly lousy script?Spoilers coming!Here's the plot: 2 good-looking astronauts and 1 not so good looking are playing in space. The not-so-good looking one gets creamed with debris, a whole punched through his face, as if to remind us, in relief, how good looking the other 2 are. The space shuttle is destroyed.With no where to go, the 2 astronauts deiced to go visit the Russians, but the Russians aren't home, so the one remaining saunters over to the Chinese' house. No one can hear you knock in space, but that doesn't matter because they've left too. Oh my! in a seemingly unrelated coincidence, the Chinese pace station is being dragged back into earth's atmosphere and wow, wouldn't you know, despite all the controls being in Chinese, Sandra Bullock manages to push the right buttons after just 1 or 2 misses. (Ostensibly, she's trained on the Russian station and this is just like it. How convenient!)Now, it;s my understanding that re-entry into the atmosphere is a very tricky thing - too steep and you burn like Joan of Arc. Which is what happens to almost every single piece of the Chinese Condo in space, except, of course, the piece that our heroine is in. And then, wouldn't you know it, it lands in water, and it begins to sink, because it was designed to land on, well, land. Oh no! After all she's been through, will she have survived everything only to drown ironically in the end? Of course not - because as we learned previously in the film, she has found the will to live in the memory of her dead daughter. (Like that's not been used before.) But not only does she survive, she arises out of the primordial ooze like a Jungian woman, ready to go out and, presumably, breed again.So if you can look past all of the house calls in space and the hackneyed plot in general, it DOES offer some pretty views of the planet. And of a couple of good looking people.

Where do you start with a film like this... The casting, George Clooney a self righteous smart ass that failed to build any rapport with me, knowing he would float off into space for a few days before dehydration finally killed him brought a smile to my face, hence my upgrade from 1 to 3 stars. Sandra bullock Once again I found myself relaxed impervious to the fact that she could have burnt up on re- entry. The Story, well this will be quick, the reality is people as mentally fragile as Sandra bullocks character don't get sent off into space, trying to extract emotion by saying that her daughter had pasted away... turn it up! There was not enough substance to have me even close to the edge of my seat.The fact that this movie has such a high rating goes to show that 80% of our population are idiots.

I really have nothing positive to say about this movie. It sucks! How anyone on here can give it 10 out of 10 and it be at 8.4 which is higher than any star wars is beyond me. Fixed ratings that's how! I am a clooney fan but this movie script I felt like was put together in 2 months by a high school drama club. The first 45 mins is Sandra moaning ah ah ah every minute as of shes having sex at 80. It was very annoying. It was almost like there was no beginning and no end to this movie. The trailer is the whole movie in my opinion and by many others. Read all the reviews all the way to the bottom. There are many that feel as I do and the ones giving this 10 out of 10 must get paid to say this. I won't go into details with the acting but lets just say it was below par... Like 3 under par. I would not recommend this unless you are into big time visuals staring at outer space over and over. As far as a plot and storyline it gets a solid D- Blair witch movie was put together better than this on a budget the price of my car :(

While this is a visually beautiful film I didn't feel Sandra Bullock was successful in carrying the movie essentially alone. I didn't really root for her at all. The lost child back-story was cliché and the monologue towards the end when Sandra's character was telling Clooney's character to give the child a message wasn't even a little believable. The little interactions between George and Sandra were laughable, and not in the good way writers were intending. Maybe I was expecting too much. This film could easily qualify sir some sort of visual, sound or editing awards the performances do not even come close to capturing best picture or best actress awards, or nominations.

I seriously hate you stupid f*cking c*nts that keep going to stupid f*cking movies and making them f*ck-tons of cash. What the f*ck is wrong with you people? How the f*ck was Gravity the top movie at the box office for like 4 weeks in a row? Seriously? How does that piece of sh*t movie make 300 bloody million dollars? HOW???It's all your fault, you f*cking chumps. Don't look at me, I borrowed that sh*t. No f*cking way I'm paying to see Sandra Bullock cry and wander around space for 90 minutes. That's all it was. George Clooney f*cked around for like 30 minutes, then died so stupid a$$ Sandra got to carry the f*cking movie for the next 90 minutes. And that's not a story. That's not what a movie is supposed to be. A movie has a plot, and characters. That's plural, you stupid c*nts. Multiple f*cking characters that interact with each other.Then there's the fact that somehow this Doctor character that Sandra is playing is somehow the best damn astronaut the world has ever seen. She's a f*cking doctor. Shes not a bloody astronaut, you stupid f*cking dip sh*ts.Check out my video review of this movie here: http://glennhatesmovies.blogspot.com/2013/11/gravity.htmlThanks.

There's no clear spoilers in this review but I talk about some plot points in general.I don't understand why the ratings have been so high for this movie. It's just okay. The visuals are great, but the rest is mediocre.Sandra Bullock's character is very annoying and incompetent for most of the film. Like a woman that trips and falls when being chased, it's just an excuse to ratchet up the tension with a weak character instead of a tough situation.The character's back-story seems contrived, just to introduce some character arc.It's shows satellites and space stations within site of each other. Completely unrealistic.This movie completely lost me when it had a Vertical Limit "any good climber would cut the rope" type scene. A completely contrived situation that defies the physics of space just to try to be dramatic. All it did was completely destroy any suspension of disbelief I was trying to maintain.On IMDb Apollo 13 gets a 7.5 and this movie gets a 8.6!!!!! Really?! Apollo 13 was SO much better than this movie.If you knew nothing about space travel and how matter reacts in space this movie may be fun, but there are such HUGE holes in the story and impossible things happening that I couldn't get over thinking how ridiculous it was.

Nothing original here. Cringe worthy acting from Clooney (Suprised he wasn't drinking a coffee while jetting around). Lots of grunting from Bullock. Unrealistic, no plot. Too much force fed symbolism. I mean the fetal position, give me a break.I feel like I am watching a regurgitation of ideas from every great sci-fi movie ever made.Almost a comedy this movie. This movie was made for critics, and the Oscars. PERIOD.Don't waste your time on this one folks.

What a load, I mean what was there was pretty good, the graphics and special effects were what the movie was about. There was no plot to the story, it was simply about being lost in space, which is evident in the trailer. No character back grounds are given when they had tons of opportunity to tell us about the characters, but for some inexplicable reasons they did not. They decide to end a $16.00 movie without a beginning or an end, I am not sure which. An hour and a half movie that was no where near a full movie. It clearly was not finished. As soon as the lights in the theater came on everyone around us was complaining. I heard "I want my money back." "That's it?" "Too short!" And the best was "I think they forgot the rest!" Clearly, this movie lacked substance and a storyline. Ultimately, if you've seen the movie trailer, you don't need to see the movie. There's nothing else you're missing. I hope they don't make their money back. I think my review was longer than the film.

This is getting ridiculous! How can everyone and their neighbor see this flick as a "masterpiece", but I'm left, yet again, deciding if I should spend money any time soon on another big screen show? Keep in mind that my rant is not intended for those, planning to see the movie, as spoilers are aplenty!Space has been a magnet for my interest/imagination for many years, so I've seen countless hours of TV documentaries, NASA footage and movies. Seeing Earth from far above, is always a treat, but not enough to be the center of my attention for another two hours. People awkwardly floating and bouncing around in open space, have long since become as exotic, as scuba divers. In other words, there wasn't much "new" in the setup. I do appreciate the meticulous work done to create something artificial that represents the real thing so well...but that's just the background. What was there to see on the stage? Well, nothing. As strange as it sounds, there was nothing to see! The main point of this "movie", is to show us in ridiculous detail the stress, pain and misery a survivor goes through hundreds of miles above the surface of the planet. The characters are as anonymous as those on the NASA TV channel, and rapidly disposed of. Sandra's character gets all the screen time, so it gets to make at least a physical impression. No emotions stem at all, however, spare for pity - her only child is dead, her life down on Earth is pretty much empty and now she's getting this brutal treatment up in space. She is so frustratingly clumsy, as she fails to grab and hold onto all but the very last sticking out objects (eventually you learn the pattern, so you can predict which antenna or cable will save her from doom). Good thing is her grip becomes infallible, whenever she is being tossed around by violently opening latches. Once you get used to her "I'm so helpless in this nightmare!" attitude and after you are comfortable with the camera's tireless efforts to REALLY show you how nauseatingly disorienting it feels to spin in space, you should try to make peace with the torturous soundtrack. It makes you pay for every moment the director demonstrates how quiet space is. Since ears naturally get more sensitive in silence, you are forced into a cheap trap, as you feel physical pain, when the grotesque and pompous sound returns. Speaking of annoyances, few more things should be mentioned - the villains of the movie - the fast flying debris, which, thanks to the 3D-boosted realism, make your eyes flicker far too much. On the list is also Clooney. George got the "He was only a week away from retirement" veteran casualty role. As predictable as they come - experienced, cheerful leader, ready for the ultimate sacrifice 24/7, dying on his last mission, to save...whoever is left to be saved. The movie is a kindergarten level survivor guide, teaching you how to calm down, think/talk about something other than the traumatizing reality and, of course, "Never give up! Never surrender!" The funny thing is that so many critics called this nagging lecture "annoying" in "After Earth" (which it was, along with the entire movie), but in "Gravity" everyone gave it standing ovations. All there is worth experiencing out of this mess, could have been extracted into 20-30 minutes. The rest is an hour-long series of Sandra's panicked face and frantic breathing, which she is reminded again and again to be a known waste of oxygen. You see her crying in 0G...then her floating tears get in focus...then her crying face again...(yawn)Basically, this is a train wreck in slow motion - lots of crude machinery gets smashed and death inevitably follows. It tries so desperately to squeeze emotions out of the viewer, that it's just soaked in well tested clichés. I guess, I'm just not the right type of public to enjoy monster truck shows...or "Gravity".

I do not understand the high rating of 8,6 currently here on IMDb.The whole film plot was based on the idea: Let's create a perfect scenario for 3D effects, other aspects don't matter.And so, the film has no story at all. The psychology which is poorly depicted here, is so thin and superficial that one can simply ignore it.The actions taken by the only surviving crew member to make her way back to earth are technically absurd.Yes, there's a lot of eye-candy, all the visual effects are nice, but that can't be all to fill up a good movie. Intellectually there is nothing in it, positively said. It's just pop-corn cinema. But a costly one, for the producers and for those who watch it. So, let this chance go by, you'll miss nothing at all.

I would take the time to write a detailed review of why this movie was SO disappointing, but I think the the "Gravity has no gravitas" review by tcara111 from New Jersey says it all. However, to fill the minimum requirements of lines: I may have heard wrong, but it sounds like they said "STS 157". Odd they decided to use the Space Shuttle for this movie especially as the program ended just as filming began. Let me guess--another "re-imagining" of events. Good thing the Russians, Chinese and NASA are so incompetent about activity in space, yet kind enough to place their property in such proximity in case someone needs it for an inane plot. Please read that review and, trust me, if you like Sci-Fi, good drama, good writing, or even a plausible plot, please believe me that it is an accurate depiction of the quality of this movie. Visuals - 10, the rest 0000000000.

Just when I thought "Lost in Translation" would win the golden cupie doll for the most overrated movie of all time, along comes "Gravity" to steal it out from under Bill Murray's nose hairs.Winning this award is a lot like winning the Double Golden Turkey Award (points if you know which movie won THAT one) - except at least Ed Wood TRIED to make a movie. He had a genuine creative vision that was completely corny and turned out to be the most terrible movie of all time, but it was GENUINE. He worked with the materials he had and made an honest attempt."Gravity" has no such creative vision. It has no such honest attempt to make the best movie it could for the bloated budget sunk into it's production. It doesn't have a director that is emotionally involved in his own creation. Don't let the mindless drones fool you - the script is a class of mediocre all it's own.It is pointless and utterly absurd that this movie was even made. Only more absurd is the high rating this movie has. It's like nobody wants to admit that this is a crappy movie so they just keep giving it a 10 and cheering it on like it's going to magically make it a good movie.No, it does not. A lie spoken ten thousand times is still a lie, saying it over and over again does not make it true. I can keep coming online and posting that the moon is made of cheese, it doesn't mean the moon rocks are made of cheddar. I sometimes doubt anyone really enjoyed this movie as much as they enjoy going online to argue about it.But back to the movie - oh the flaws, so many to count so I'll just stick with the few that really stand out. One pet peeve that comes to mind is the lack of adult diapers - the director was more concerned about making Sandra Bullock's butt look good than he was portraying a semblance of realism. As for the "Symbolism" of the movie - don't make me laugh. If you want symbolism, please watch "The Matrix" movies or "Lost." THOSE productions are chock full of symbolism.The symbolism of "Gravity" is a superficial attempt to inject depth and meaning that the script just doesn't have. The script is beyond poorly written.It's important to note - I REALLY WANTED TO LIKE THIS MOVIE. When I plunked down my thirty dollars to watch this in 3D with my date, I was prepared to find nothing but good in this movie. Sadly, it just doesn't deliver.I am more angry at the lazy attempt to polish a crappy script and present it as a "visual masterpiece" to make up for it's lack of substance than I am about anything else. Except, of course, the hordes of mindless zombies going online to constantly defend this movie like their lives depend on it.Go ahead and give this review a thumbs down. It only proves how right I am.

I totally missed why folks are saying this is Oscar worthy. Perhaps an Oscar for special effects but definitely NOT an Oscar for any actor or for the picture as a whole. I am a HUGE Bullock fan and would really love to see her win another Oscar but this vehicle, and her acting it,are definitely not Oscar worthy. I had zero connection to her characters plight and nothing in her acting drew emotions from me. There was little to no character development to create an emotional connection. Basically, I did not care what happened to her character. The plot is completely unbelievable as there seems to be a plethora of space stations and space vehicles to use as "lifeboats" and when things are THIS far-fetched it just ruins the film. Sorry Sandra, no Oscar for this.

There's something amazing about Hollywood cinema. When you think they were done with pushing the boundaries of cheesiness and plot less explosions, somebody raises millions of dollars do to so. Except the 10 first minutes that eventually let some hope stay on the screen, and some nice 3D images, this movie has been a waste of time. It looks like a mix of well known a-thousand-time-heard chunks of fast- food plot. Really. A joke. Dramatic family pictures, dramatic love story, know-it-all veteran, the poor mother who realizes she love her daughter, hot actress in underwear, violin music every 5 minutes, "let me go - no, because you will die - but its OK - but no - but aahhh"... I don't think i can list all these jokes. Not worth it, Gravity is another million dollar bland soup.

I convinced my husband to go see this movie solely based on the astoundingly high rating on IMDb.com (currently 8.6)--even though it looked absolutely pathetic in previews. I laughed when I read the "spoiler" disclaimer--there is no plot in this movie to spoil!! Seriously, I couldn't tell you what the point of this stupid film was.What most angers me is that it has this collective 8.6 rating on IMDb.com and we would NEVER have wasted time and money if it weren't for this site, which we trusted prior to this. I don't know who paid and how much they paid, or what favors they called in (maybe they have incriminating evidence against someone high up in the company??) to get this film rated this high. I can't imagine anyone giving this film higher than a 5 (and that would be just because they are fans of Clooney and/or Bullock). SHAME ON IMDb and/or anyone involved in perpetuating these false reviews/ratings.In comparison, these are the ratings of other space movies that are far and away better than Gravity: 2001 A Space Odyssey 8.3, Apollo 13 7.5, The Right Stuff 7.9, Moon 7.9, Sunshine 7.2, Solaris (1972) 8.0, Alien/Aliens 8.5, Armageddon 6.4 (not arguing the rating, just that it is WAAAAAYYYY better than Gravity) and lastly, Gravity is currently ranking about the same or better than all of the Star Wars/Star Trek movies--SERIOUSLY???!!!! By the end of the movie I wanted to beat myself for a) not trusting my instincts, b) sitting through one of the all-time worst movies I've ever seen (prior to this that honor was held by "The Amazing Panda Adventure"), c) spending precious dollars--even one! for this crap and d) dragging my good sport of a husband who isn't a fan of space/sci-fi films to this show and wasting precious marriage capital! Sandra Bullock must be dragging the bottom of the barrel. She already starred in two movies this year so awful, ridiculous and denigrating to anyone with even a shred of talent that I can't believe she went for a third this bad. There was absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie other than a few good special effects (but not even enough of those to warrant a mention).

(MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS BELOW)People have stated how great it is visually and it is good, I watched it in 2D as I had no option to watch the 3D version (long story), but it was still impressive.I'm not sure where to start...the very cheesy way Matt Kowalski (George Clooney) talks to Dr Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) gets old very quickly. The way that he floats away to certain death and yet still makes light hearted comments about what colour eyes he has, I was just left thinking "reaaaallly?" - it was terribleDr Stone has been in space 6 months I believe, and had 6 months worth of training before. She is not an Astronaut. How then is she able to singlehandedly transfer herself to another space station and get home?... well...The answer is - she uses instruction manuals - one written in Russian and one in ChineseWorst still, is that she goes to press a button on the screen and says "eeny meenie miny mo" to choose which oneIn a vision she has, Matt Kowalski (clooney) appears and tells her the answers. Of course this is her sub-conscious, but it was another terrible plot twistShe says she lost her young daughter when she fell over and died. Yet this seems to have no real impact or necessity. I failed to relate to her in anyway, and had no sympathy for herShe loses contact with Houston but talks to some weird radio station where the guy starts making dog noises. Dr Stone decides to join in and starts Howling - literally howling like a wolf.The whole story had no real point or weight (no pun intended). I could see what happened and what she had to achieve, but it was just so bland and shallow. I couldn't honestly have cared less if she'd been blown up or survived. That's wrong in my opinion as you should care about the characters if it's done properly.

Just returned from seeing this at the Haifa Film Festival. As an astronomy enthusiast, I thoroughly enjoyed Gravity. It was more absorbing than any movie I can remember in recent history and probably the closest most of us will get to being in space, any time soon. The stunning visuals combined with great 3D work and sound effects totally draw you into orbit right along Sandra for the 90 minutes it lasts. By the way, the teaser trailer does not do Gravity justice, but it was nice to be pleasantly surprised for a change. Plot wise, it's not the most sophisticated film ever - Hollywood couldn't resist some of its usual manipulations (no need to elaborate here, you'll know it when you see it), but in this case, it's forgiven.

Watched this a few years ago at home on tv. Wondered what all the hoopla was about. Then I watched it a few days ago with my Oculus Rift in 3D. Holy Messiah, what a revelation! I was there in space with them all the time. Totally different experience. Get a decent VR HMD and watch it in 3D. Your mind will be blown.

I saw this movie because of my wife, i still don't know why it has so many nominations on the golden globes, because its too much cliché, and predictable. We see Sandra Bullock with a parasitic hero type, a hero that doesn't know much, that lives at the expense of others, and get by things by pure luck without not really knowing what to do, like when she tries to start the space shuttle, by luck, besides the fact that how one see her lack of preparation on being on a space mission, the parts i thought were worst were, first NASA didn't knew the debris was gonna hit the space craft then just when its gonna hit them they get a message that they're gonna be hit by the debris, so how do they miss the calculations on space of that magnitude, but the good part its she wastes her O2 by screaming and shes a doctor and she lasts longer on space without o2 than with o2 and she enters the craft without hallucination or any sings of o2 deprivation but when she tries to kill herself on space just getting on orange levels of o2 she hallucinates, so tell me similar events and in the one with less risk she gets bad and in the other its like nothing happen, and in the end she had to stood up and walk byherself alone and not waiting for others like the big hero she was. I didn't find the purpose of the movie nor the good thing of it,

The more I watched the trailer the less I was sure I wanted to spend the money to see it. I am glad I went but it is not something I would see again.The visual is very good. If you go see it you must see it in IMAX 3D or don't see it at all. It is great to see views of the earth from space and also nice to see extreme closeups of the Hubble, the shuttle and the ISS both inside and outside. The 3D was so realistic I blinked a few times as things came flying toward the screen.As for the story, don't even both paying much attention. Just sit back and watch the visuals and ignore the story. The believability is not even in the near vicinity of this universe. There is almost nothing about this movie that is any way related to how things like this would happen in space. I would go so far as to say you could take along earplugs and not listen to the story. Just watch the visuals.

Don't get me wrong, it's not worthless, but like 'Children of Men' and unlike 'Y Tu Mama Tambien' it fails at a simple level of being convincing over it's entire length. I really don't mind when films make scientific gaffes, but this film simply changes situations that it has, itself defined when they prevent arriving at an artificial and totally improbable happy ending. When one exits form a cinema and reflects on the film, one shouldn't feel cheated at a level of logic, with spectacular technical effects being used to mask the logical inconsistencies. The use of the fire extinguisher was clever, however. For some cheap temporary thrills and a glimpse into the psychology of astronauts, fine, for anything else, forget it.

To say I feel disgusted and ripped off by this film is an understatement. I watch a LOT of movies and this is just an outright terrible film. I saw it in 3D which added nothing to the movie experience and to be honest was a complete waste of time and money and there were few scenes (if any) that merited 3D at all.However my greatest contempt is for this website itself (IMDb) who have either actively been involved or deliberately allowed a false rating to be contrived and displayed on this website to dupe people into seeing it.Either the film studio has paid people to write and give falsely great reviews (films above 8.0 are rare) or IMDb have taken money to deceive people like myself into seeing this film with its artificially created high rating.Whether I like a film or not it is irrelevant because I can always find reasons why others would disagree with me but this film had nothing at all to offer.To summarize it was a very weak story line with rather unbelievable lines as to how anyone could have survived and little or no special effects making me for only the third time in my life want to ask for my money back but this film definitely was my highest rated rip off film of all time as I was conned by this site into seeing it because of its false 8.7 rating.I feel so strongly that I may even sue the film studio for misrepresentation as I was definitely not entertained in any shape or form by this film an very much doubt I shall be using this site in future unless they do something about this rating fixing.

This movie, "Gravity", has received much hype starting quite a long time before its release. As with most highly hyped movies, when viewer expectations are heightened, the actual viewing doesn't quite match the high expectations. We saw it on DVD, a Redbox rental. However it is a very good and entertaining movie with a good share of drama. Will they or will they not survive the surprise rain of new space debris?Sandra Bullock is a PhD scientist Ryan Stone, sent on a repair mission for the Hubble telescope. This is realistic, as that equipment has had similar repair missions. While she has trained for months for the mission, she is not a pilot and will encounter particular difficulties in this unplanned event.Her main partner is very experienced astronaut and pilot, George Clooney as Matt Kowalski, a carefree type of guy who always seems to have a "story" for mission control.All hell breaks loose during their EVA (extra-vehicular activity) when a Russian planned destruction of obsolete orbiting equipment starts a type of chain reaction and a great debris field orbiting at normal orbit speed, in a trajectory that crosses that of the US astronauts every 90 minutes. Their hope of competing the mission, or even preserving the space station, are gone and the movie is simply about their trying to survive and get back to Earth, back to gravity! Pretty fascinating effects to simulate weightlessness and working in space, the movie is well-made and entertaining.SPOILERS: Kowalski hooks up Stone to himself via a tether and he uses the power of his jet pack to maneuver them towards another space station. However running out of fuel and oxygen, Kowalski unhooks himself and leaves Stone to try to survive as he drifts away, doomed. In a complicated series of events she manages to get into an escape pod and makes it safely to Earth, almost drowning as she lands in a lake, but the movie ends as she pulls herself up and turns to walk away.

The Good:It's only 90 minutes,and the Filming Technique .I was about to get out after 60 minutes but as it was raining outside I preferred to stay. The way this film is made is astonishing! Amazing. As it's in 3D you almost feel a part of the team orbiting in space.Though I have not been in space ,the space stations, and all the equipment seem to be realistic. The special effects are spectacular !So everything that has to do with the technology behind this movie is 10/10.HOWEVER: everything with the plot is "out of this world".The plot looks like a Swiss cheese full of holes.Sandra Bullock, George Clooney are as good as they are, although George Clooney has a short appearance in the movie, so for most of the movie it's a Sandra Bullock monologue.

I usually don't write reviews, but I had to make an exception.I went to see Thor 2 which blew me out of the water. The story was fast paced with lovable characters and mind blowing graphics. Then I went to see Gravity. I wish I hadn't tainted my experience of Thor 2 with this movie. Gravity held a lot of promise for good graphics and thrilling plot.. Thanks critics! Are you all just a bunch of old people who don't understand what a good movie is anymore?The acting was barely okay, the story was completely unbelievable. No one would have survived. She would have drowned at the end. No way she could just stand up on the beach and smile after all that. The graphics were decent, but nothing really wowed me. I walked out of the theater angry that I wasted my time.Please don't waste your money on this.

This film is basically an unoriginal cliché set in space. Its tiring to watch. It is filled with over dramatized, unbelievable events and make it very hard to believe or immerse yourself. The drama is very forced and i found it not only annoying but an insult to my intelligence. Firstly, blaming the Russians for all the "bad" that goes on in the world is really tiresome and very over done. Bullock's character, Dr. Ryan Stone is a typical cliché, she is a scarred individual with a tear jerking past who we are supposed to relate to and sympathize with. Yawn!! George Clooney is your typical brave, funny, all American hero that we all wish we were and is truly heroic and selfless in death. ZZZZZZZ Then we are supposed to believe that Bullock's inept character, who is the weaker of the 2, somehow survives a series of incredible and impossible events by sheer dumb luck and the good'ol American spirit? Im not going to go into details about Bullock escaping the exploding space station and avoiding the millions of pieces of space debris or fumbling through Russian and Chinese space craft to magically re-enter earths orbit only to survive another near death experience to then crawl on a picturesque beach. The visuals are great, but thats about it. The film is a giant disappointment. The many positive reviews its received make me only believe that the human race is filled with morons who need to be sterilized.

Well I watched Gravity last night. All I can say is what a piece of crap. Its a 10 min movie stretched into 91 min. of stupid space station hopping waste of my time. Clooney dies in the first 5 min, I suppose someone thinks they are Alfred Hitchcock directing Psycho, but its far from that level of competence. Save your money. If you want to see Sandra Bullock in Lulu Lemon Yoga out fits then it may work for you. Other than that I can watch 2001 a Space Odyssey and get the same feeling of I want my time back. I know many feel that if you don't like 2001 ASO you are not edgy or sophisticated, I say I don't follow the crowd to be cool or clap at the kings new cloths to be with the "in" crowd. Save your money and watch the great Gatsby its a much better movie.

As someone with a scientific temper, I had high expectations from this movie, also considering the rave reviews it got from the film critics and viewers alike. But, within an hour into the movie at a theatre, even with 3D glasses for special effects, I was sorely disappointed with the absence of credible science, and an extremely weak script. The computer generated graphics and space maneuvers can seem exciting at first, but when you realize that that's about the only thing the movie has to offer, it almost gets on your nerves after a while, as much of it is incredible and "unscientific". Besides, Sandra Bullock's character, Dr. Ryan Stone, is supposed to be a Mission Specialist with adequate training in space flight. But, it seems as if she's an ordinary housewife who's put into space, as she's mostly fumbling and bumbling. If it was to make George Clooney's character, as Mission Commander, look great, well...it did. Apart from the repetitive computer graphics of space walks et al, Clooney's quips and witticisms are about the only 'entertaining' bits of a largely forgettable movie. Both George Clooney and Sandra Bullock have been wasted in the movie which has hardly any script to speak of.Gravity even in 3D was perhaps the least exciting or thrilling Sci-Fi flick I have ever watched, and am amazed by the undeservingly high ratings it has enjoyed. IMO, it's the most overrated movie of 2013.

1: She survives 15-20 minutes without oxygen left, only the one in her suit... that oxygen should not last more than 30 seconds... in the same time she was masturbating... 100 km's to ISS without oxygen? no problem... USA wonder woman don't need oxygen! 2: Ghost Clooney tell's her about engines that auto-fire at 3m from ground... fine... but twice? ignoring the fact that ghost Clooney told her... 3: She has 6 months of training but she already knows how to operate "Союз", hell yeah.. even the Chineese version, she learned all this from a kids book with pictures... also ignoring the fact that she crashed every time during training... i bet she can operate a nuclear sub, a Japanese one too, without crew! who needs crew anyway, only to slow her down... 4: Damn those spacesuits... she hit the space station with speed of at least 3-4 m/s... that's enough to crush your organs to pink jelly... guess those suits are made out of diamonds... 5. Hell yeah, Russians don't need oxygen in there suits... Vodka is enough... that's why the Russian suit doesn't have a oxygen tank... automatic vodka injector... she took one of the Russian suits and flew with it for 10 minutes, WITHOUT OXYGEN! finest Russian Technology!!! 6. Space debris? what debris? Sandra Bullock got the diamonds suit that withstands thousands of debris flying at 18,000 mph... not even a scratch! 7. Clooney's RCS fuel lasts for hours and hours, he is just flying like a boss without safety cable... suit malfunction?, bitch please... Im gonna be a space ghost!﻿Giving 4/10 just for the special effects!

Open Water in Space, i guess: A lame story which fits on a coaster stretched to the excess before people would get bored to death. All solely carried by visual effects. The problem here, to convey the infinity wideness of space to the audience, you need a reference point, otherwise, all you could show is a black background with little light dots on. Obviously, you have to show the only reference point available over and over again: the Earth from 400 km above, and what you see is more or less the same, for 90 min..And, honestly, Sandra Bullock in a space suit doesn't give me the slightest impression of what it would mean, to be in such a situation as an astronaut. Either you see a white space suit in front of the Earth, spinning around, or, you see a face from inside the helmet of a space suit.The 'drama'-plot could be easily translated to someone being captured in a small room anywhere, that the whole thing happens in Space does not make any difference, plot-wise.The possible ways to get rescued are crystal clear, either someone picks you up or you die. And if this wouldn't be boring enough for the viewer, there's only one possible way to die, no sharks, or whatever...and you can't die from being attracted by gravity! So even the title of the movie is a kind of stupid.1 extra point for the nice Earth view CGI.

I have no problem suspending disbelief for the events in the film, such as Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) leaping from space station to space station, or her miraculous safe landing on earth. To be honest I did not give any of it a second thought. What is inadequate, in terms of believability, is the characters of Dr. Stone and her colleague Lieutenant Matt Kowlaski (George Clooney).Dr. Stone is mentally and emotionally unprepared for their mission. Anyone in such a fractured state as Stone (still mourning the death of her daughter) would never be put on a mission into space, which requires the utmost objectivity, mental precision, and focus. At one point, while Stone is floating above the earth, Kowalski asks her where her home is (he also finds out about her daughter's death.) This is beyond ludicrous. Stone and Kowlaski's training for their mission would have been long, laborous, and intimate. It is inevitable that such basic information would have come up prior to their launch. Moreover, someone as disciplined as an astronaut would never bring up the (still fresh) subject of their child's death on a mission, especially when it is going to distract/upset them. I could go on. I am not being hypercritical in the least, as clearly this is all common sense, whether the observer has knowledge of space procedures or not.Clooney's character Matt Kowlaski has no personality. The dialogue between Kowlaski and Stone is vapid, asinine, and farcical. The weakness of the acting (and the characters), can be articulated in a single sentiment: any one of literally hundreds of actors could have replaced George Clooney and Sandra Bullock, and the film would have achieved the same emotional result.The entire blame for the performances, of course, does not lie on the actors, nor Cuaron. Clooney and Bullock were working with a terrible script. But they must take some responsibility, since they took on the roles.Whether Cuaron wrote the script or not, he is responsible for overseeing it. (Cuaron did co-write the script, with his son. But, considering its shortcomings, I do not understand why Cuaron contributed to the screenplay. He cannot write well.) Cuaron is very talented at constructing intricate, interesting camera setups. But the film's total reliance on visuals, combined with the fact that the entire thing is stitched together by a suffocating soundtrack, is Cuaron's compensation for the emptiness of the writing.I am sure the film's visuals will stand the test of time, into the foreseeable future. The CGI, lighting, and sound editing, in particular, stood out. The CGI is pretty flawless. And the stupendous lighting is so convincing, so sophisticated, that after two viewings I have barely absorbed it.In the final scene, after an emergency landing on an ocean shore, Sandra Bullock climbing out of the water looks like Sandra Bullock climbing out of the water. And even though she has just gone through the most mentally, emotionally, and physically tolling ordeal of her entire life, her skin doesn't have a blemish. Her glowing face makes it look like she's on an advertisement for a facial cleanser. And even looking past this, the penultimate scene of Stone stepping back onto land should have been the most powerful image of the entire film. But in fact, this was the most underwhelming visual, by far, in the movie.The soundtrack could be beautiful on its own, but in the film it is, again, absolutely suffocating. And it takes the attention off the visuals, which probably should be the focus. Surely Cuaron was trying to make the film as dramatic as possible; but maybe it shouldn't have been dramatic. Why did Cuaron had to turn his space film into some Hollywood thriller? Because the visuals are so fantastic, why couldn't Cuaron have directed his efforts into another project to better serve the public; collaborating on scientific, educational space documentaries? Maybe his ego got in the way. Maybe his wallet got in the way. Maybe it's arrogance.Or maybe Cuaron is simply more interested in the dramatic then the scientific. If that is the case, fine. He made a dramatic space thriller. And it was largely a failure. If he refuses to acknowledge this, he is deluding himself.screenplayisles.blogspot

If you go into "Gravity" with the right mindset, you'll really enjoy it. It's a visually spectacular movie from beginning to end. I don't think there's been anything like it on screen before. Unfortunately, it suffers from weak writing, mostly towards the end.Ryan Stone (Bullock) and Matt Kowalski (Clooney) are on a mission to a space station when the Russians blow up a satellite and the debris from the satellite destroys their ride home (a space shuttle) and kills the rest of their crew. The rest of the movie is about their desperate attempt to get home. More debris comes, Oxygen runs low. Things come untethered. It all gets very suspenseful and keeps you on the edge of your seat, because there's a genuine sense that they could die up there.But in the end, it doesn't pay off. The writers end up taking the easy way out, and what could've been a very powerful existential film ends up being just another feel-good movie with good visuals. Worth seeing for the visuals and the suspense, but not so much for the story.

Seriously... my 4 stars are 2 for acting, 2 for special effects.Dialog get's more or less 0, because it sounds like it was hashed out in about 10 minutes.I'd normally save the rest for plot, but there was none... If you watch the trailer, and I tell you that she survives.. you would then be able to convince anybody else who's seen it that you'd seen it too.. I'm sure plenty of people will say that's an exaggeration but I promise it's not.. If you meet anybody who says it's good, try this out for yourself and see if it works!The special effects are amazing, but it's like the icing on a missing cake - you have to have substance first. Bear in mind I'm a huge fan of movies like inception and the matrix, movies which some would accuse of being more special effects than plot - but this takes the biscuit.I'll say no more, because the trailer plus the inevitable ending speaks for itself.

I wasn't expecting much from the premise. I couldn't imagine how they could make this an interesting film. It was much more than interesting. It was as if I became a part of the film. I felt visually disoriented as if in outer-space. I held my breath and it became irregular along with the film's intensity. I got to know the characters and cared about them. Bullock's performance is Oscar-worthy as she carries the film. Clooney's role is decidedly smaller, but just as important as he brings calmness as well as levity to the film. The cinematography is amazing, especially in 3D. "Gravity" is a spellbinding and beautiful movie as two people encounter dire circumstances one after the other. Survival is the name of the game, but the inner strength is what shines for these characters. Wonderfully written and visually gripping to bring the utmost intensity to a story filled with anxiety and stress.This is a film to see!

Oh deary me, the sheep like critics here in the UK and the US have all gone gaga over this really inane and very stupid film, with two lead characters who would never be allowed in space. Apart from utter trivial and bad dialogue, with no depth or feeling, we do not care one iota for them. the bullock character is so bad and useless and mostly out of control, yet we have to swallow that she makes it. the death of clooney is utterly pointless, there was no reason for him to die. the science, well the science does not exist in this movie, things happen that just would not. the debris that hits them would be falling as it rotates round the earth so would not be in the same orbit second time around, they very conveniently have the Chinese station doing that but not the other floating objects. What keeps really annoying me is that critics here that write for the so called intelligent papers and media, go in and see a film like this and leave their brains at the door, i know assume that in fact they do not possess and intellect whatsoever. they write like 14 year old fan boys, if any unknown director or someone they considered a hack had made this they would have laughed at it, but because it was cuaron they lapped it up.

So, why is Gravity getting so many 1-star reviews? Because it's awful. Why is it awful? Let me sum it up for you:1: The physics are wrong throughout almost the entire movie. There are so many examples that I don't know which one to use.2: The plot is weak and predictable. Typical Hollywood bad situation with typical Hollywood will-to-live, topped off with typical Hollywood weak main character.3: The dialogue is... oh my Lord, it's so bad. It's like it was written by a 13-year-old. Cheesy one-liners in spite of their astronaut buddy having his face annihilated almost made me turn it off immediately, but I felt that I had to finish the movie in case it got any better. Hint: it didn't.4: Matt is constantly telling Ryan to conserve her oxygen... then proceeds to question her about her entire life, forcing her to talk and WASTE OXYGEN! Seriously, what the heck?5: There's a Chinese man who has the most powerful radio in existence. And Ryan decides to just bark at him instead of trying to get a hold of someone who can actually help her. She tops off the... exchange? with the Chinese man by asking him to pray for her... and then for some reason mutters to nobody that nobody taught her how to pray. What's the point of that? Is it supposed to make us feel all warm and fuzzy if we do know how to pray? Is it supposed to make us feel bad for Ryan, who apparently cries without tears? I wasn't sold.tl;dr: the dialogue and script are awful. Sandra Bullock has never been a great actor.Now, there is only one reason why people like this movie: it looks gorgeous. Nobody can deny that. If you say you like this movie for any other reason you're just lying to yourself.

First, the cost. Twenty dollars to watch this IMAX video arcade game on steroids would be far better spent elsewhere. After parking your car (if you have one) and buying a small box of popcorn and a small drink, and there goes your mortgage or rent. Movies today, sadly, have little to offer except how better to inundate you with bigger and better special effects and ear drum-numbing sound tracks. Sandra Bullock does her best with the thin script, but should actually win the Academy Award for bruised knees. George Clooney tried out his comic timing again, but alas, I couldn't buy him as a NASA astronaut. The fact is, however, ANY decent Hollywood actor could have handled these roles, particularly since they're covered up from head to toe in helmets and space suits. So far, the best sci fi heroine I've seen was Signourney Weaver in the original "Alien" (all of the sequels were nothing but wannabees), her strong and edgy presence ringing as true as Bullock's was a rehash of "Miss Congeniality" in comparison. Wanna know the entire premise of the film? Two hours of dummies bouncing around a space ship on a wire. There you have it. And if you think that's a pretty slim reason for a major motion picture, rest assured, it is. I can only hope that Bullock doesn't return for Gravity Part 2-16. So, for all you kiddies who loved The Jetsons, here is some expensive rocket fuel for you— a futuristic cartoon couple flailing about in outer space. Only the Jetsons reached much deeper. A flimsy special effects pot boiler, this is one turkey that should have never left the launchpad.

Yes, this film was visually impressive. That's the only good thing I can say about it. The story line was implausible to say the least, the dialogue hokey, the situations increasingly ridiculous, the "heartwrencher" subplot just tiresome, and the outcome impossible. Too bad, could have been a great story, but Hollywood, like an obnoxious drunk, just doesn't know when to stop piling on the action and the schmaltz. I am willing to suspend disbelief, but let's face it, in real life this movies would have ended in about two minutes. So many things were wrong with this film it's hard to know where to start.SPOILER ALERTS HERE: You do not survive being repeatedly bounced off hard objects in space while wearing a space suit. You do not tell endless, stupid anecdotes while doing a space walk. You do not survive for long periods without oxygen. You do not ignore a fire, even a small one, on a space station. You do not (twice) survive going through a huge field of space debris travelling at thousands of miles an hour. You do not survive a random re-entry. Etc. etc. etc. A waste of time and money.

Over paid A-list actors playing themselves in a ridiculous plot were the audiences only hope is that they both will die quick and they can listen to the wonderful music and stare out at the stunning visuals of planet Earth. How did Sandra Bullock get this role? Would it be her intelligence? eh...........Or her intensity? eh................ Perhaps her dazzling skills at dramatic cinema? um swallow.She was plainly trying to recall what she did in 1994's Speed with Keanu Reeves. If only Bullock would have died in space in the first 5 minutes....Come on man.

I went to see this movie based on IMDb rating but i just don't understand why this score and all the good reviews over the net are all about. This movie has no story development, no character development and the scrip sucks. What took me by surprise was George Clooney taking this mediocre paper that just throws a couple of jokes. It goes nowhere and the scientific flaws are everywhere. The sound effects and music are the only you can rescue here. If you want to hear a girl moaning all the run time this is for you. No even the 3d or Imax can save this movie. Waste of time. Your better go watch 2001: A Space Odissey a real masterpiece of science fiction and we will talk then.

I rushed to see this film on the strength of the IMDb reviews. I left the theater wondering if I'd seen a different film. First off, the 3d visuals were absolutely spellbinding. That mitigated my disappointment with the rest of the film to a certain extent. However, the thin story and weak dialogue kept dragging me out of the action. Sandra bullock did her best with the on the nose dialogue that was laughably bad at times. She didn't seem to be the right fit for the role but I don't think she can blamed for bad writing and misdirection ( no one told the director that thirty minutes of hyperventilating might be unnecessary realism?) By all means go see this film for the spectacular visuals but don't expect a story to go along with the spectacle. Even Jim Cameron managed a decent story with Avatar. Sadly they missed an opportunity to create a scifi classic here.

not enjoying to watch it. how great a movie can it really be where there is only one character on camera for most of the film. voted 2 just for The special effects.it is not worth to pay to watch this movie in the theater. even those magnificent scenery weren't new that you can find them @ BBC planet even better. George Clooney has "Oceans ..." on his list with very strong roles. he should not to accept this play.and Sandra Bullock has become an astronaut but lacks even the basic skills as astronaut. i hope that this is not a way to choose astronauts by Huston in reality. It doesn't have clever plot to be able to attract the watchers. well the casting done cleverly to use two famous actor/actress to sell this movie. the only reason I watch it to end that to see how ridiculous it would get.

As many other reviewers here, I have no clue as to which movie the "prof reviewers" have seen.Apparently it's not the same movie that i saw.What i saw, was stunning visuals, bad story telling, bad story writing, one dimensional characters, and a ton of supposed realism gone out the window.I felt like the movie tried to sell me on something that could be real... and i found that it showed me a fairy tale without much realism.The plot was so thin, and the realism of the movie so low, that i know for sure i will never watch this movie again. Because unlike a lot of other movies, it will never have anything new for me, or interesting. And when you have seen it once, you can sum it up again in 10 seconds or less.Do me a favour, and never ever pay full price for this pos...

Really people! Do you not have an inkling what a really good movie is. This is possibly the worst drivel I've seen in decades. It was sentimental tripe. Monumentally Bad. Clooney and Bullock are way to old to go into space. I thought its gonna get better but boy o boy...it just kept getting worse. The 3D effects weren't even that spectacular. Lost In Space was better than this. I should have know with Clooney in another space movie. Solaris was as rotten as this. But this stunk even more. Clooney is great, I loved him in Up In The Air and The Descendants. He just needs to stay out of space. AVOID AVOID AVOID this movie. Or take along some antacid in case you do go or a barf bag. It's a good thing I hadn't eaten popcorn.

Save your time and money and go watch anything else. This film was absolutely ridiculous and dreadful. I don't know what film other people have been watching to rate this a good movie (maybe they mixed the film reels up) but what I saw was the worst film I ever had the displeasure of watching. Remember when your in the cinema deciding to watch this choose anything else as you will thank me.However one good part which earned its one point was George Clooney. Sandra Bullock films have gone from bad to worse with this being the absolute bottom of the pile. Want to watch a decent film in space rent Apollo 13 or absolutely anything as I have just wasted 2 hours of my life which I want back.

I have just watched this in 3D and to be honest i was somewhat blown away. The film is visually stunning and the score deserves the Oscar win it walked away with. I am not going to launch into some film critic diatribe on the scientific plausibility of the whole film as IT IS NOT A DOCUMENTARY!!!! Its a film, a work of fiction to provide 90 minutes of pure entertainment. Suspend your disbelief and just go with it as for most of us its the closest to space we will ever get. When i see the reviews that lay into this i fear that we have lost the ability to just enjoy a film for what it is rather than expect some life changing, world peace bringing, disease curing on screen miracle.

A friend described Sandra Bullock's moaning and gasping in a good portion of the film as sounding like "bad sex." This was just a bad movie with no realism and, really, no suspense...the whole thing just wasn't believable. How Sandra Bullock's character was not screened out of the space program due to her emotional problems caused by the sudden death of her four year old child cannot be explained. George Clooney's character was a modern day Don Juan (apparently the only role Clooney is comfortable portraying) and is about as realistic as Johnny Depp's role as Tonto in "The Lone Ranger." Putting "the make" on a fellow astronaut during a life threatening situation is only credible to Hollywood. Sadly, this kind of fluff in now de rigueur in today's world of film production!

The blue planet: At the beginning of Gravity, the earth moves slowly into view, inhabiting a dark, silent universe. The silence is broken by faint radio communication that gradually grows louder as a space shuttle appears, first as a dot, then slowly growing larger. It is a long, slow, quiet opening sequence that sets the stage for Alfonso Cuarón's latest film. Three astronauts are doing some repair work on the Hubble telescope, the focus is on seasoned commander Matthew Kowalsky (George Clooney) and scientist Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock). The atmosphere is loose: Kowalsky tells funny stories and plays country music, Stone is focused on her work, when suddenly a Russian missile meant to destroy a disused satellite caused a chain reaction: debris from countless satellites and other objects turns into missiles destroying the shuttle and sending Kowalsky and stone on a lone quest to survive - alone in space. A nightmarish scenario and yet not one entirely implausible. Debris is more and more clogging then earth's orbit, attempts at getting rid of things in space manifold and often short-sighted. This is one theme of the film, coupled with the human hubris of controlling nature – or, in this case, the entire universe. On the other hand, Gravity is a tale of human perseverance, of the strength the will to live can instill, and also of the power of human sacrifice.Little of this is new, yet the way Cuarón tells his story is entirely his own, even though he quotes extensively from science fiction classics such as Andrey Tarkovsky's Solaris (Clooney also starred in Stephen Soderbergh's remake) or Stanley Kubrick's 2001 – a Space Odyssey. The sense of aimless drifting, of losing control is there, as is the feeling of loneliness in a hostile infinity. As in Kubrick's masterpiece, technology is friend and foe alike, rescue and damnation employ the same instruments. It is Gravity's strength that there is no overt criticism in man's often blind belief in the value of technology, his hubris to be the master of the universe he knows. Yet it is all there: in the hypnotic imagery, the startled faces, the toy-like fragility of these technological masterpieces we have sent spinning around our planet. In all this, the human is as vulnerable as ever. When Stone reaches the assumed safe haven of the International Space Station (ISS), we see her floating in a fetal position in front of the circular airlock. This is, of course, a nod to 2001 (as is the opening sequence), but it is also a powerful image of human vulnerability. Stripped of all technological support, the human being is naked and helpless.But it is also a rebirth: Stone, relying on training and countless gadgets, is entirely at a loss when unexpected disaster strikes. She has to battle her fears and face her demons before she can believe in a chance to survive. Sandra Bullock is impressive in her portrayal of this broken, hurt, desperate yet stubborn woman, who is, as we all are, groping along alone in eternal darkness. Her character is given her power by Kowalsky who shows her what humans are capable of doing for each other. Only then does she start believing in herself. Gravity takes much of its power from this combination of survivor story and meditatively philosophical science fiction tale. Man's hubris fails, but the will to survive remains. This is the key difference to Solaris and 2001: Cuarón chooses to believe in the human strength, in humanity's ability to change – one self and one's course on earth and within our universe.Gravity has its very own pace, the pace of zero gravity, of floating in a vast, infinite and ultimately hostile space. A space in which the elaborate constructions humanity has built seem ridiculous, like badly made toys, which cannot protect but surely have the ability to destroy. The camera is floating along with the objects and protagonists, it moves in and out, often films the faces though their visors, then suddenly moves inside the helmet. Space is vast and unintelligible, yet for those lost in it it is a narrow, claustrophobic room as they are caught in the prison of human ambition. When – in accordance with physics – a space station explodes without a sound, this is a powerful reminder of our place in the universe.The elementary fear and despair is always present: in the darkness of space, the cold emptiness of the technological contraptions, the clean, anti-septic images, whose polished surface reveals an unfeeling, indifferent universe – the real one as the man-made one – in which being human is impossibly hard. That it affirms the validity of trying despite the odds, is one of the film's strongest points, as is the repeated, yet never obvious reminder of what it is we have to fight for: earth's beauty is shown as vulnerable, fragile, fleeting, yet overwhelming. While the musical score is at times superfluous, the story-lines occasionally to well-composed, the ending a little far-fetched, Gravity is a powerful reminder of the possibilities and limits of human aspiration, critical of human hubris and affirmation of humanity's strength. A hypnotic, mesmerizing and ultimately hopeful film that will prove hard to forget.http://stagescreen.wordpress.com/

A great movie from a simple thread. To put it simply, it is the story of two astronauts Matt Kowalski and Dr. Ryan Stone facing a terrible disaster in space and how they try to tackle it. They try to work together to escape but unfortunately (SPOILER!!!) Matt (George Clooney) could not make it. One of the things that made me sad. Anyway as he says, nobody can beat his spacewalk record, for a very long time. But the perseverance and spirit of Dr. Stone helps her get back to earth in one piece, even though she seemed hopeless at times. The performance by Clooney and Sandra are remarkable.Moving to the visualizations, I personally feel it must be watched in 3D. The space stations, the accidents, the flying debris, all have an enhanced viewing experience when viewed in 3D. The sequence when the Chinese escape pod re-enters the atmosphere is absolutely stunning. The final stage if the movie from where Sandra commands the escape pod to the end where she safely reaches solid land is breathtaking. Shortly a must watch.

Alfonso Cuarón, a name to remember. Director, writer, producer, film editing of Gravity. Man of talent. Sandra Bullock. She is sublime. Worthy of an Oscar award. Don't watch the trailer if I were you. I didn't. I didn't expect anything and just let it flow and be awe by Space. Where it is one big vacuum with no sound. Only your voice and your heart beat. Never have we experienced space like this before. Alfonso took us into the space and into and through the space stations. The closes that we will ever know and experience. It's a story of a human's determination and survival. Wow!

If you have a logical intelligence quote over 75 then you will most likely find this movie to be totally rubbish.The movie is almost from start to end filled with things that not in a million light years ever would occur, but if such things disturb you, then perhaps you can find something good out of this movie.. but then i ask myself what should that be? since nothing else but just that. how this movie got 8.5 here is to me a huge mystery. I really don't find the characters even close to be somewhat trustworthy either, what normal person would trapped in space crack jokes and laugh like they were having a drink on the french coast? I want my money back Br Thomas

The IMDb rating is now 8.5 and I was expecting a lot of this movie. I also read a lot about it, the movie of the year and so on. I also a fan of Sandra Bullock. I love science fiction but this is not science fiction, it more like a computer game. You feel like you manage different levels when watching. But when you play games your are doing something, you can influence the story, but this is totally boring. Sandra Bullock's moaning and panting just gets tedious and annoying. The most terrible thing is when some invisible force drag Clooney in the "right" direction. If the space station was spinning i could see some logic in that but now it looks weird, very weird. When Clooney finally let go of the rope the force suddenly disappears and the end of the rope floats weightless again. Clooney drifting slowly away and Bullock falls toward the space station. How did that happen? Why did they choose that direction? The movie lost all feeling of reality. Great 3d-effects, but that is all there is to it. How can such a boring movie get so high rating? Can you buy rating and reviews at IMDb? I always thought that was impossible but after this I don't trust IMDb rating anymore.

Don't believe high IMDb ratings. I think it's based on opinions of clueless housewives (pardon).The major problem with this movie is the screenplay. I think it's first original script for a feature film done by director Alfonso Cuaron himself and I hope it will be the last. HOW ON EARTH dialogs that sh*tty can pass censorship of intelligence of the author?!?! The concept is nice - cosmic drama. I was expecting minimalistic, intense "realism of the space". I was given an over-talked, americanish bullsh*t, which would be complete crap if not screened in IMAX 3D. Screenplay, acting (and casting), and editing are the biggest flaws of that movie. If you have brain - your brain will hurt on that screening.I don't even want to spent more time on dishonoring this flick - it's too easy, and pointless. Just don't spent money on that - unless you are willing to see the first major step forward from designed especially for IMAX "Dinosaurs and Ocean, and Space and ....Everything in 3D" kind of short films. It's a small step - I warn you.

I haven't gone to the theater to watch a movie in over a year and this movie just confirms why I don't go anymore. Three words describe this movie. Disappointing, Overrated, and Unimpressive. What a joke. Don't waste your time. Stay home and save your money. I honestly believed this would be a good movie. The reviews, the critics, the actors, the cinematography, everything suggested a blockBUSTer but unfortunately it was a total BUST! I was bored out of my mind. Some of the dialogue was so cheesy I was squirming in my seat and looking around to make sure no one saw me. How could anyone give this a raving review. Please. I get the feeling that the buildup to this movie is just as fixed as the stock market.

I don't understand why the ratings have been so high for this movie. It's just okay. The visuals are great, but the rest is mediocre.Sandra Bullock's character is very annoying and incompetent for most of the film. Like a woman that trips and falls when being chased, it's just an excuse to ratchet up the tension with a weak character instead of a tough situation.The character's back-story seems contrived, just to introduce some character arc.It's shows satellites and space stations within site of each other. Completely unrealistic.This movie completely lost me when it had a Vertical Limit "any good climber would cut the rope" type scene. A completely contrived situation that defies the physics of space just to try to be dramatic. All it did was completely destroy any suspension of disbelief I was trying to maintain.I WILL NEVER EVER TRUST IMDb grades anymore. This is just 21.century madness marketing....

What a load of codswhallop. I waited for months to see this movie and was swept along by all of the rave reviews. 10 minutes in and I had already counted more preposterous flaws and scientific absurdities than I was any longer able to keep track of. The acting is wooden, one dimensional and utterly juvenile. Bullock is an emotional and physical wreck almost from the first instant, she is technically inept, sullen and devoid of professionalism, or any very redeeming qualities whatsoever. She is nothing at all that you would expect of an astronaut. She doesn't so much just not have the right stuff, rather she appears to have no "stuff" whatsoever. In fact one could say her performance was such a 'howler' so to speak, that there are junctures in the movie where it becomes utterly comedic. To make things worse strong comparisons can be drawn between Clooney's character and Toy Story's Buzz Lightyear, the only difference in this case being that Buzz produces a much more convincing, likable and 'less plastic' performance than Clooney. If you like big ass old CGI induced explosions, vacuous performances and sci-fi movies that are utterly devoid of any of the "sci" component at all, then this is undoubtedly the movie for you. In space it seems, no one can see you create drivel.The sad thing is that with the utterly inexplicable high reviews and rave ratings this movie has received, Hollywood will only continue to pump out more dross like this and in so doing will only continue to contribute to the dumbing down of science among the general public overall.Basically if you like bad comic books, never progressed beyond junior level science (and did pretty badly in this), like huge pointless CGI explosions, enjoy 2D, juvenile, uninspirational characters, backed up by clueless, uninspirational acting and juvenile one dimensional dialogue (even though they use 3D special effects to no meaningful purpose, beyond a pointless visual spectacle for the spectacularly uniformed ), then this is exactly the movie for you! For those with even a modicum of scientific background, intelligence and taste, I suggest you do a search on Google for "all the bad science in Gravity the Movie".I used to trust IMDb ratings. But that's twice in a row now I have duped into watching movies with off the scale IMDb ratings (the other being Prisoners), where plot-line, acting and everything about the movie was so abysmally bad, it almost beggared belief.There must just be an awful lot of non-scientists out there. Cluelessness abounds ...

I didn't think this movie would be that good with some of the reviews I've seen so I waited until the movie was on HBO. I'm not sure why a lot of people don't like this movie. This was an excellent tale of trying to survive with all the odds against you. This movie draws you in and makes you root for the characters without actually getting in depth to their lives. You don't need to know all about someone in a survival situation because it really doesn't matter what they did in the past. Some things in the movie aren't realistic but its a movie its not real life so I'm OK with it. These are some of the CGI I've seen in a long time. I'm not to sure why there's so many people who dislike this movie.

Its a Visual Paradise. Ground breaking, beautiful and technically perfect. The film transports you to space in every cinematic way possible. The visual effects are so brilliantly executed it makes you wonder if they were shot it in space. The film is a visual masterpiece. Its Takes 3D experience to the whole new level.The views of the earth from space are simply majestic, beautiful. The Sunrise, Sunset all are visually stunning. Also the performances of George Clooney and Sandra Bullock are outstanding. They match up to the Quality of movie. Gravity is a rare breed. Simplistic but so refreshingly new. Its and Awesome Visual Experience. Must Watch.

To all the people that valued this movie 1/10. I've never written a review but in this case, seeing that this movie received 1 over 10 I would like to share some thoughts. First of all I wonder how much you would evaluate a movie like "Sharknado" or "Fifty Shades of Grey". This movie deserve more than 1 because surely is not the worse movie you saw or you will see in your lifetime. Originality: please enunciate me a movie that is talking about destruction about chain-reaction caused by debris. Who is telling that "Apollo 13" was better remember that the story was not original: it happened in reality, it was already there and the director already knew what happened, not having to invent it. There is a difference between reproducing and originality. State of art visual special effects: maybe you watched your movie on a tablet or laptop but for the time this movie was produced no better technology for special effects has been used before. For example, I like Inception but there is a big difference between filming "no gravity" effects with a normal camera and doing it with a 3D IMAX camera and the Academy Award Oscar is the evidence. If you watched it in a 2D small screen then it's not director's fault. To conclude I do not believe the director had even the idea to reproduce the reality or teaching science but only to show how beautiful is the life in our home, Earth and how difficult is to survive outside of it.

I wonder what percentage of the budget was spent on reviews? Going off the glowing reviews I see here, my guess is that Rent-A-Review have been working overtime again. In fact, I think this is the most blatant case of review fixing I think I have ever seen! I could possibly understand people being impressed by the CGI and maybe giving it a 5/10 based on that but anything more than 5/10 is ridiculous and an insult to anyone with an IQ greater than that of a gherkin! I was contemplating giving the movie just 1/10 but the effects were quite good. I had even considered giving it 3 or maybe 4 out of 10 (based on the effects) but special effects don't make a movie, at least not for me, and all the special effects in the world won't change the fact that this movie is crap! I recently watched a time-lapse video of the earth, taken from the International Space Station, and I can categorically state, hand on heart, that the video from the ISS was far more entertaining than this pathetic offering.It's a sad day when this sorry excuse for a movie ranks higher than Blade Runner, which is arguably the best sci-fi movie of all time! Maybe it's time that IMDb took a long, hard look at their voting/review system, because based on what I've seen here, it just isn't working!

lets start with... One hundred million dollar wasted!!!!This movie is the worst i've seen all year! I wish I never left home. Nothing is realistic and being a movie I'm fine with that. But when its five minutes in and i'm hoping they kill off the female lead my emotions are kick to the curb fast. I continue to hope that every minute of the movie after that she would die.It's just not the ride of a movie i was ready for. if i had a chance to watch again... i would rather pay and then go somewhere else... anywhere!its not worth any time. 1/10I want that time BACK!!!

3D techniques should work two ways-as I get an illusion of objects bursting from screen to hit me; the movie makers should also be able to get the illusion of viewers bursting through the screen to hit them. This was my entire line of thought during and after watching this dumb, corny and jaded piece of hogwash put together.The story here is so pathetically rubbed down that if i were to say 'a chimp swinging from one tree branch to another tree branch is more enjoyable way to spend 2 hrs' it could be taken as a spoiler by some! Well so i have anyways tagged this review as 'spoiler'. In fact this whole movie is a spoiler. A spoiler of time and your hard earned money.It is set out in space, where there is no air, no atmosphere, no gravity and of course no acting. Unless someone can call swimming through space as acting; of course then they would have to put up with protests from fishes and tortoise who do the swimming act lot more convincingly and entertainingly. But it's the dialogs that really makes u want to chug this movie out of your system. In fact i realized that if English language had lacked two words- 'Okay' and 'Houston', this movie 'd rushed and sat with 'Silent Movies'. Except that in them people act!So what remains? Oh yes, effects remain. If this movie had been the 'first ever 3D movie with gazillion special effects released in the history of cinema', it would have been good; which makes as much sense as saying that if Blackberry had launched Z10 in 1990 it wouldn't have its ass handed out to it today.P.S I am not giving this movie a 1 to compensate its otherwise outlandish rating. No; Just that it has resoundingly and emphatically earned this 1!

I don't know what to say, only that I regret to watching this movie. Good: graphicsMediocre: actingThe worst: camera constantly changed positions in a way that gave me headache. The poor script, with a expected ending. Errors form geographical, technical or physical pointWell what I don't understand is clearly why this movie has such a good rate.. Probably it's the advertising, like with The Dark Knight Rises, where the advertising is very strong and the kiddos blindly give it a high rate.Anyway, this truly wins the title WORST MOVIE OF 2013

Gravity doesn't seem like a big epic film like what most Sci-Fi pictures are treated today. The concept is quite simple, but despite of being simple, it's surprisingly more of a rewarding experience than you would expect. The real idea of the film is to portray how nature can bring both wonder and danger within the universe. The movie takes place in space, but there's definitely no alien twists to consider, because gravity and physics themselves are already their enemy, and all you have to do is to take its ride like you've never seen space before. The genius of the film is just being simple, but what's extraordinary is how it elevates the use of CGI and a direction giving us a good amount of suspense we need for a space thriller. Gravity is a cinematic experience that anyone shouldn't miss.The plot is indeed straightforward, in spite of some scenes when the astronauts' are talking about their personal lives. The rest is all amazingly put together set pieces where danger can happen anytime and anywhere; it can be a struggle by the difficult movement in space, satellite debris destroying anything that passes, or just losing oxygen. Watching these characters trying survive the disaster going on is technically the only plot here, and how the film realized these incidents is astounding. I think the most memorable feat is whenever a soundless destruction occurs as the music score's beat replaces the clash. But really, most of the time is built in tension, and while everything is supposed to look terrifying, it also looks quite spectacular.But it's not always about the the terror, the film is already remarkably stunning, with the marvelous perspectives that the camera picks. Most of its shots linger as it flies around from people to people and place to place, and it rarely shifts angles until it actually needed to. This brilliant camera-work makes you feel like you're part of the ride, which is pretty obvious for a film like this. Big budgeted CGI is usually used for blockbusters to impress the audience how cool the movie looks, but this is one of those that is able to be both cool, and electrifying. Looking at planet Earth is indeed a breathtaking view that may give you goosebumps, until an equally spellbinding peril happens up there. It, of course, had some human elements, but it works better in the exhaustion and longing of the characters' situation than the drama they make about their backstories. The performances makes it all easy to relate, if not nuanced. This is, most of the time, Sandra Bullock's show, and she controls the role decently. And George Clooney is always likable in any of his scenes.Gravity is a magnificent achievement. It can also be an alternative to the genre in a while since Sci-Fi is recently (or has always been) taken over by epics with aliens and giant robots or whatever, but never forget what's scarier than those myths, simply just how force of nature works. This review probably sounds too hyperbolic that some might expand their expectations. One thing people should know about Gravity is it's a very simple film with a very simple story and concept, but by Alfonso Cuarón's strong ambition, all of its elements are perfectly fit together. As a result, an experience that may stuck in your memory for a long time. Gravity is easily one of the best films of the year, and again it should be seen in theaters, either 3D or not.

Alfonso Cuarón directs a masterpiece which deserves every award it is given. Yes there are flaws, like many films, but these flaws are overridden by sheer magnificence and beauty that Gravity manages to create in its depiction of space and the events that occur during a catastrophic mission.To put things short and sweet, the visuals are breathtaking, the tone is perfect and the pacing is flawless. Although there are negatives, for example the lacklustre narrative along with the unconvincing dialogue, the film manages all what the audience expects to follow in the emotional journey through space. The trailer instantly had me hyped for the film, it felt unique and seemed like an experience rather than a film that you'd just go to the cinema and watch, and that's exactly what it was, breathtaking and unforgettable. I was lost in the atmosphere and drama that was superbly created throughout the film. "In space no one can hear you" - this sums up the journey that we follow Bullock through and the isolation that the film creates and puts you into. Cuarón captured the mood perfectly and had me in the eyes of Bullock to feel the situation she was in and be involved with the character's emotions from the beginning to the end.The technical production of the film uses techniques which are new to the genre and make the experience seem like nothing you've felt before. The score is outstanding and full of impact which feeds the narrative in order to work together and create an atmosphere which feels real and has the audience isolated in its environment. The sound effects use a process like no other which have you constantly relating to the character's situation as you can literally feel what the characters do and capture the events as they happen. Drones in the score and muffled sounds in the audio all work in relation to one another to depict space in a perspective that seems to have "impacted cinema" and shows the scale and isolation that comes in space.This entire sense of loneliness that comes with the film and suggested in the tag line is cleverly portrayed in the film's cinematography though the scenes where largely effects based. There is a definite sense of scale which the cinematography brings through the extreme wide shots and the minute long shots that suggests a lack of impact in space.Lastly, as mentioned, the visual effects are just mind-blowing. Not once do the events ever feel unreal and lose the emotional sense that the film creates. They are subtle in a way where they are not regarded and talked about as effects although they take up a large part and drive the entire story. The journey is fuelled by Gravity's ground breaking special effects and was a huge influence to its overall success adding the excitement and action that everyone was looking for but had never truly discovered. The visuals and the effects show space from an angle that has no restrictions and because of this, creates a unique experience that has not been created before.Overall, the film has a perfect rating from me because I can not give it an valuable or deserving faults as I was lost in an unforgettable experience that I reckon will make a big impact in the history of cinema and will last for many years to come.

I feel sorry for anyone who did not see this movie in I Max 3D. The special effects were great. Considering it was just a movie about a woman who had to go to space to get over losing a child. Why does every movie that comes out of Hollywood suck now? But yet every critic says it's a must see and it gets great reviews. It's like they are working hand in hand just like google GPS or any GPS and oil companies. Always saying every movie is great and must see is like my GPS telling me I must make a u turn when I'm close to where I'm supposed to be. Hollywood needs some rerouting. Just look at some of the movies coming out soon. Captain Phillips-Spoiler Alert The pirates die, The fifth of state or whatever its called-The documents get leaked, Last Vegas-Senior Citizen version of a movie called The Hangover or a bigger version of The Bucket List. Oh yeah it's the 80's and Arnold & Sly are finally doing a full movie together called Retirement Plan or Escape plane. The comment about GPS and oil companies is a joke. Just so their isn't any conspiracy or Illuminati jokes or racist comments or southern uneducated comments, I'm not a movie hater or any kind of hater. I just hate to waste money.

I really do hesitate to call this a "film" or "movie" because there really is no story here. It's an event put to film but there is no heart or plot at all. It's a wonderfully visual, hypnotic and captivating event in orbit. Do spectacular visuals trump the lack of character development and an actual story? Maybe in this case it does. I enjoyed it but all this hype and praise seem like trumped up bandwagon stuff to me. This movie is gaining great praise so the week willed among film fans want to attach their movie wagon to a critical winner? Again, I give this a big thumbs up as a visual and captivating event but it's not a true movie by definition. It's an IMAX nature event with fictional death and destruction mixed in.

How can this junk be 8/10 on IMDb ? Did I see a different movie ?Some fantastic visuals. But that is the only saving grace for this movie.The script/dialogue is just atrocious. Both of the main characters are so unrealistic that you have no empathy for them. The plot is interesting but overdone. Too many sequential crises and last minute escapes. The musical score is jarring and inconsistent.I nearly threw up on several occasions, like the floating image of Bullock in a foetal position with cables mimicking an umbilical cord, and the dream sequence, and the long drawn-out soliloquies. Watch Apollo 13 for a real balanced space-escape movie, even if the visuals aren't as hi-tech.

You can throw all the technical razzamatazz at the screen you want. You can tempt us with sumptuous visuals and eye-popping 3D effects. But when a film is boring, its boring. Sandra Bullock drifting through space talking to herself is boring. George Clooney acting like a wise ass with a heart is boring. Seeing floating debris and explosions in space when you never feel anyone is in danger is boring. Attempts at sentimentality using the hoariest clichés in the screenplay book is boring. Writing this review now is boring. In fact, I think I'll stop. Right now. Cos I'm bored. The most overrated movie since Inception. 3/10

I can't understand why such a huge popularity when this movie has little to do with the reality. There are many wrongs, let me just count few: -ISS orbits Earth in 45min, so debris at the same orbital hight could not hit it every 90 min. -Hubble telescope and ISS are not on the same altitude and do not have same velocity. Transffering yourself form on position to another takes a space vehicle and advanced planing. -debris traveling at speed of 10 times more than a bullet could not been see. -astronauts can't take off a space suite. They need to spent up to 3 hours in decompression chamber since they breathe pure oxygen at partial pressure, while on ISS there is an air mixture much like on Earth but at a bit lower pressure than on Earth. Also taking a space suite off after decompression is a 3 man job and it take much more than a few seconds and under the suite you wear cooling suite and an adult diaper. -There is no way to operate Chinese space module if you are not familiar with it. -I also doubt that Sandra could be an astronaut since she shows claustrophobia and she makes stupid screams like she's having an intense orgasm. -Chinese station would not fell on Earth by itself. Someone will need to slow down the object to lose altitude and finally enters the Eart's atmosphere. -Durring the atmospheric reentry you feel a strong force of braking, so the object wouldn't just float.

With all the great reviews I read for this movie, I was expecting to watch a wonderful entertaining movie. I was absolutely bored to death. What a waste of space. Did those who wrote glowing reviews of Gravity see the same movie? The dialog between the characters was so boring, as were the characters, Bullock's character, Dr. Ryan Stone, is emotionally unprepared and was impossible to believe, no reasonable explanation was ever given as to why she was selected for the mission. It was so slow I fell asleep several times. Just wish I had a remote to fast forward it to the good bits, Unfortunately that would not have helped.

You cannot make a good movie by having someone float around in space for an hour and a half. The movie is unbelievably corny. The girl that convinced me to go and see this movie with her, started looking up flights on her phone after about half an hour, proclaiming that it was boring, to which I gladly agreed. This movie is terrible. I'm not sure how to make this review into the minimum 10 lines because, let's face it, the movie doesn't contain 10 lines worth of content, but I feel like people need to see a review from someone that doesn't just do as they're told and follow what the critics say. This movie is terrible! I will lose faith in humanity if it wins any awards.

My wife and I were so looking forward to this movie after reading all the glowing reviews, what a massive mistake that was! The 3 stars I've given the film is for the special effects, that's it! I don't like movie reviewers, never have, but so many raved about this movie I thought they couldn't all be wrong ... they were. Trust me, I'm not one of those people who picks apart plots and believability, I go to the movies to be entertained, I don't care if "that can't happen" or "as if anyone could do that". For crying out loud I loved all the Twilight movies! The biggest problem with Gravity is that you feel no sympathy or empathy for the Sandra Bullock character, nothing at all. It is impossible to enjoy any movie if it does not illicit any feeling for any of the characters. It cost me $50.00 to see this over rated piece of garbage, next time I'll read IMDb first and continue to ignore the "experts".

Really?? Sandra Bullock as a "brilliant scientist"? You have to be effing kidding me.I wish IMDb allowed you to submit reviews of just one line, because that would have been enough for me. That sums up the entire problem with this film -- oh, and the other completely unrealistic and silly twists and turns along the way don't hurt, either. I saw it in a 3D IMAX theater, and while the scenes from space were beautiful, I really couldn't get past the rest of it.Yes, Sandy Bullock is Everyman's sweetheart, and her winning the People's Choice award proves my point. I have always thought she is a terrible actress, and she basically turned this film into "Speed in Space". If IMDb had an audio function, I would add a sound clip of me doing an impression of her great "acting" from this film -- but perhaps you can do it, too. Just go, "Aaaah Aaaah Aaaah Aaaah Aaaah" in the most annoying nasally voice that you can muster at just the right nails-on-a-chalkboard pitch, and you've got it. If she wins the Oscar, someone kill me, please.

I am simply amazed how nowadays people can't tell the difference between a good film and a visually compelling bad film. But, in an era of CGI being valued over talent on screen, I guess it's not that surprising at all.In my book, 'Gravity' definitely falls into the latter category. Visually, it is breathtaking, an astonishing accomplishment, but what I value the most about a moving picture - the story - is so unbelievably thin and there is no CGI that can mask that.The premise itself is not bad, and I take it that the environment is represented fairly accurately, but when a story depends on so much national stereotypes as plot devices, it leaves me simply scratching my head in wonder was it really the only way to get the story going. Or maybe I'm simply wrong and Russians really do destroy satellites for fun and keep vodka in emergency modules, American astronauts really do crack stupid jokes and dance the 'Macarena' in outer space and Chinese radio amateurs really can reach outer space when neither Houston nor any other ground control can... I was almost expecting a Mao Tse Tung portrait hanging at the Chinese station, for that matter. The Buddha figurine and the ping pong paddles were already there.All in all, 'Gravity' is a film that can keep a viewer on the edge of their seat, but most of the time only in disbelief. It is by all means stunning from a photographic point of view, but falls flat short below the surface. Luckily it barely exceeds 80 minutes, unlike most pretentious wanna-be spectacles today, and that adds greatly to my rating, which is otherwise rather generous given my overall impression.6/10

Dreadful script, no plot, one-dimensional characters, repetitive action, repetitive visuals. I couldn't care less about what happened to either of the people. I estimate it took about one day of George's time and four days for Sandra Bullock to get her hysterics right and her hot pants to fit correctly. Then off the the CGI studio, and hey, you have a movie! It might be the worst movie of all time, but then that's Hollywood.I've just had a notice that I have to write 10 lines of text. For a film this awful, that's quite a challenge. Still here goes. Opening captions 'There is no oxygen in space' beats the 'Mediterranean Sea' caption at the start of the otherwise excellent Bourne series. Final shot out of focus with our hot-panted Sandra going nowhere. Everything in between was just as dreadful. Although I laughed out loud every time she pulled out a manual to work out how to 'fly' the space station. Reminds me of happy hours wasted trying to fix my old Morris Minor. Otherwise I struggled to keep awake - but as I couldn't believe the film was so bad, I thought I owed it to my grandchildren - so I could say, 'Yes - I was there, and I lived through it - just.'

The visuals and sound were great, but that is not enough to make this overrated movie actually good. The plot was so incredibly convenient and unrealistic that it completely took me out of the movie, and the repetitive "action" scenes grow boring quickly. The acting is nothing special, and it certainly isn't helped by the dialogue. The characters are unbelievable, and anyone who passed middle school science can tell that some of the physics (mainly one of the most important scenes of the movie) make no sense. Overall, Gravity is fun to look at, but just isn't a good movie. The insane amount of hype for this movie made it all the more disappointing.

"You have to see this movie on the big screen otherwise it's boring and non-satisfying!" In my opinion that's just nonsense. Of course the experience is better but even though I didn't get the chance to see it in theater I was still stunned when I saw it at home for the first time. First of all let's get to the overall plot: A team of astronauts are out in space to repair the Hubble telescope when a Russian satellite is getting hit by a rocket and now wreckage of this satellite is about to collide with them. After that the only goal of everyone who survived this accident is to get back to earth alive. Gravity isn't a Science Fiction movie, it's more of a nerve-racking thriller. The main characters are played by Sandra Bullock and George Clooney who both do an excellent job but this flick isn't outstanding because of the great acting or the story, it's the superior technical level this movie is on. Whether you talk about sound, which of course isn't always around as you are in space, so the most of the time you just listen to the powerful soundtrack, the impressive visuals when thousands of pieces of metal fly by you, or just the camera movement by Emmanuel Lubezki who won several Oscars for a good reason. In the first few minutes you get to see a very long shot which really involves you into the catastrophic events. Even when you are just at home lying on your couch you feel sick in the stomach when crew-members are tumbling around. It's really rare that I can feel for the characters that much as in Gravity, which gets supported by POV (point of view) shots here and there. That's why I don't get why a lot of people are complaining about this movie being boring, as he doesn't let you breathe a lot during the short run-time of 91 minutes. The only concern I got with the film is a very cliché turning point within the movie, but I don't want to spoil things here so I'll just leave you with that. This aspect gets easily dubbed by all the other great things I mentioned. In the end Gravity isn't just a movie, it's more of an experience you should witness. Don't get turned off by people complaining about watching the movie at home although a big TV and some good headphones or a surround system are recommendable. Overall it's not perfect but definitely worth a watch!

I jut finished watching this movie at home and I am so exhausted. The movie goes from terrorizing to deadly to no hope to a little hope. Anyway I love reading other peoples reviews. Most people are so upset with the laws of gravity during the film. Sure, not all laws are met in this movie. Critics were bellowing about the wrench making noise when Ryan is doing her space walk work. WTF - did you want a silent movie like the opening titles said? ITS Hollywood- actually its British Hollywood so my hats off to the London for doing this film. The Director got bashed for writing Sandra's emotional consequences while adrift in space. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE? Don't you have any soul. This movie was exciting, graphically and technically beautiful. Being above Earth or on the moon Makes you see how small and wonderful life is and that's what the movie was about. Also about not giving up in life...which most of the reviewers did. I really liked it, there are a couple of mistakes... like most astronauts get to know one another pretty darn well before space flight and walk. Clooney's asking Mission specialist about her personal life was off, But in space during emergencies you have to keep up dialog to keep calm. Anyway I really liked this movie and Sandra Bullock has never been a big favorite of mine, until now. She was great. She is the movie.

This is a special effects vehicle... nothing more, nothing less. It follows the formula of every Hollywood action movie: You've got your trauma of seeing people killed, then 10 minutes later talking calmly about the old days. You've got your forced homage to a classic movie (the 2001 fetal position thing). You have your liberties taken with physics and proportion. And, of course, every situation is taken to the extreme (they just make it to safety before...or someone grabs something or pushes something just before...)If you're down and want to escape life for a couple hours, knock your socks off.If you're a relatively happy person with at least marginal intelligence, I'd wait for it to come out on Netflix.

Maybe I shouldn't be reviewing this film because I didn't actually see the whole thing. But that's because I fell asleep; three times I think. I love good sci-fi movies and was really looking forward to this, based on the trailers and rave reviews when it came out. Now I am wondering - did I see the same flick these people did? Lets start with the plot. There wasn't one. At least not one that a third grader couldn't improve on. The Russians ( yes those nasty Russians)have destroyed one of their own satellites and have emperilled space travel for all mankind with the debris they have created. Its never really explained why they did this, but whatever. What follows is endless (and mindless) scenes of Sandra Bullock tumbling through space after the shuttle she and George Clooney are on is destroyed, right up to the predictable conclusion. I would give a 'spoiler alert'here, but whats the point. Anyone with a brain knows how this one is going to end five minutes after the movie starts. And of course, there are the predictable hallucinations of George reappearing and telling Sandra how to save herself after he has been killed. Whatever.I will give this film one positive- the special effects are indeed spectacular. I don't recall any movie that puts one into space quite like this one. They even acknowledged that there is no sound in space, which I don't think has been done since 2001. Which just made me realize- 2001 had special effects better than Gravity, with 1969 technology. Now THAT was a sci- fi movie.Had a plot, too

Let's get one thing clear: 3D and special effects don't do it for me. OK, it's nice technology: but they don't make a movie. I look for a story, for actors who can convey emotions. Gravity had almost nothing of that. A far-fetched script, Sandra Bullcok hyperventilating and panicking continuously, George Clooney being ridiculously cool and relaxed: what a waste of the talent of two good actors. And the clichés: a ping-pong paddle floating in the Chinese space station, vodka on the Russian station... This reminded me of the disaster movies that came out during the 70s and 80s: thank goodness, those have been forgotten since. I was hoping that an intelligent movie could come out of Hollywood: not this time.

Took my wife to the AMC movie theatre in Vestal, NY and saw this movie expecting to see excitement from what the trailer shows... Well guess what, my wife fell asleep and started snoring in my ear and my favorite part was the tear drop coming at my face. Complete waste of money and time, Universal Studios has ultimately created a very disgraceful movie to add to their reputation. Boring boring boring and at the end, Sandra Bullock in her undies trying to walk, that's it? That the end of the damn movie! Wtf, was hoping to see like 3 weeks later she is at home and Clooney comes knocking on her door. But whatever, I do not recommend this horrible movie to anyone, I wasted $23 of which could have been a good dinner at Texas Roadhouse...

The most over-hyped crap I've seen in years. I am currently half way through this film with no desire to see the rest. if I could claw back the last wasted hour of my life I would. Sandra Bullock has reached a new low and only confirmed my belief that all her movies are to be avoided. Total rubbish.Sci-fi is a genre open to and full of spurious movies, but adding George Clooney and Sandra Bullock is like trying to polish a turd. No amount of over acting can save a weak plot like this. The way Sandrea Bullock breathes throughout this apology for a movie can only be likened to an asthmatic labrador who has been fed a diet of fat cigars.Why do I have to write 10 lines concerning this garbage? Over-acted? Tick. Weak Plot? tick. Sandra Bullock? Tick. Does this movie have any redeeming factors? No, well not so far, and we're 3/4 the way through. Codswallop.

Down there with the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible. Nothing more to say really without spoilers. If you go I did warn you! OK, need a few more lines if this is to be published. Would have walked out early except that I would have had to come back to pick up my wife. Science is bad and unbelievable, at least with Armageddon the overall effect was good fun. Even avatar which was also drivel had dome reason to empathize with the characters.Now if you are willing to pay your ticket price just for some 3D you may think this film is value but its still absolute drivel.

Why was this movie made? What was the purpose? Other than showing some great special effects, there's nothing more to it.There is absolutely no story. The few lines are so cliché. There are no relationships between the 2 actors. Nothing. It has no soul. Its just Sandra struggling in space. And even though i like Sandra Bullock and i believe her acting here is amazing, for what she was given to work with, having to sit for 1 and 1/2 hrs just to watch her float in space is too much.The only interesting thing was the story about the girl with the hairy guy. Still wondering what happened there.

Alfonso Cuarón has a way of hooking into the viewer emotionally and he did so again with this film. The movie was gripping, suspenseful and expressive. I felt as if I was right there with Bullock, going through everything that she was going through. The scenery throughout the film was so stunning and overwhelming that I almost felt unworthy of watching it. I'm not an astronaut or scientist so I can't comment on how accurate the depiction of space was but I sure did appreciate the visuals.I was hooked, I was scared, I cried, I laughed and I questioned what I could do to make my life better. This is the effect watching this film had on me. Alfonso Cuarón doesn't just direct movies. He creates art, like a painting. And any good painting incites emotion. So that's what watching his films does to me. This movie was definitely a 10 from start to finish.

This movie is super stupid with no plot.. I have been expecting something to happen all the time.. When you think about it, it is the same old stupid movie.. George is there for like 15 minutes and all we see is trough all the movie is Sandra surviving the IMPOSSIBLE.. She goes trough space using a fire extinguisher? Really? .. She survived coldness and a 1000 degrees temperature while falling trough atmosphere in a small peace of a broken sh*t satellite... To be honest movie has a great 3D effects, but if it was not for that it would be the worst movie ever made.. 1/10 ... I do not know about you guys but the movie RUSH about Niki and James Hunt is a 10000000 times better than this movie.. It is sad, funny, educational and true at the same time.. You should really watch that..That is something you can call a true masterpiece..

I had a chance to see Gravity at TIFF last Monday. Now, English isn't my first language and I've never felt secure enough to write on IMDb, but I decided to step out of my comfort zone for Gravity. The reason is twofold: First, I've always been very grateful to those few, who watch a movie before the others and provide helpful reviews - now I can try to do the same. Second, I absolutely loved the movie and although I spoke about it to everyone who would listen, I feel like I need a bigger portal to express my overwhelming emotions.This review contains some minor and major spoilers, so read on at your own risk. FYI: I wasn't able to hide them, but the paragraphs containing major spoilers were clearly marked. Gravity is a visually stunning masterpiece that got me engaged and interested from the very first minutes. It builds up at a perfect pace - we get to know the characters and the mission, while watching the incredible view on the background. I'd heard the movie was shot using some new technology and since I was too busy or lazy to do my research, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was a little worried that the filmmakers might have been tempted to go overboard and the space/earth would look too cartoonish. I was so happy it didn't happen. The movie is shot in 3D and the tricks you normally see in movies that are shot in 3D (e.g.a bird flying directly at you, etc.) aren't overused. Still, you feel like you're are in there - gliding in the space, spinning out of control... I even felt sick to my stomach at one point, I kid you not!Anyways, the movie cunningly draws you in for the first fifteen minutes or so and then the crash happens - the Russians accidentally destroy their own satellite, causing the chain reaction. The debris of many broken satellites approaches Explorer at an incredible speed and smashes into the ship and its crew. I'm not a space scientist and I really do hope they had some very bright consultants, who are. I would hate to learn that this wonderful journey and the breathtaking fight for survival could not possibly happen in the space. I want everything to be perfectly correct, down to the tiniest details, because they all did seem to have been thoroughly thought through. What do you think was floating in the Russian station? A chess piece! How about the Chinese station? Yes, you guessed right - a ping pong racket! :) I wonder what would we see in the US station... hm... :) I expected a grand visual spectacle but I didn't know that Gravity would also be an emotional roller coaster. There are several heartwrenching scenes masterfully scattered throughout the movie.*** Warning: major spoilers start below ***When I was watching slowly distancing Kowalsky and listening to his assuring voice I couldn't hold my tears back. A scene with Stone's desperate plea and Kowalsky's stubborn silence was so subtly selfless and courageous. When Kowalsky came back... I knew he wasn't really there from the very beginning. I knew it because, right before he appeared, I could clearly see Stone's breath coming out of her mouth in the bitter cold, and a minute later the vapour was gone. It was hard to believe, that there would be such an obvious continuity error in this major scene of the movie hailed by everybody. But I wanted him to be there, I wanted him to be there so bad! But when he wasn't, I reluctantly thought: good! it would have ruined the movie.And when Kowalski was keeping silent to prevent Stone from embarking into the doomed rescue mission, I wish she thanked him for saving her life. Or she could have said something humorous just the way he would have liked. She knew he was listening. :(*** Warning: major spoilers are done ***I didn't like Stone's back story too much though. I guess, they thought they needed it to show her personal development and explain the reason for some of her actions. But it didn't work for me. It would probably have been OK for some other movies, but at that point I expected nothing short of extraordinary from Gravity. I think they could have come up with something more creative, something more original. However, regardless of minor flaws that you might find, go, see Gravity when it opens. I've seen some love or hate movies, but I think this will be love or like one. Even if you don't care for the story and the acting, just sit back, relax, turn off your brain and mindlessly watch the amazing visuals, it'll still be worth of the admission price.

What will never cease to amaze me is the amount of people that have no sense for quality. How on earth can you score this movie with the lowest rating possible? That's just being unfair. The lowest rating possible means this is one of the worst movies you ever saw in your miserable life. Really? You never saw worse than Gravity? I thought Alfonso Cuarón did an amazing job and that for a story with basically only two actors and for the most part just one. Sandra Bullock and George Clooney made me sit on the edge of my seat more than once in this movie. I honestly don't care if it is realistic or not, it's most probably not, I just wanted to be entertained and that's exactly what I got, entertainment. Visually it's just perfect, as the CGI's make you feel like you're in space yourself. The soundtrack brings a special atmosphere to the movie so that was also good. Am I surprised Gravity won seven Oscars? Absolutely not! Gravity deserves all their Oscars as this movie is one of the best of 2013. I wished I watched in the theater though, that must have been impressive. It was already stunning on my big screen television so I can only imagine the sensation watching it in a theater.

Five years after its release, I thought it was time to watch it. Seven Oscars which largely were awarded for sounds and visuals, and you can see why, it is a beautiful film, the visuals are jaw dropping, it really is a game changer in terms of sci fi movies. The music is also incredible, it really does help increase the film's tension.The story itself is quite simple, but very effective, all events revolving around the concept of gravity. It is incredibly clever, superbly written, with thought given to cause and effect the whole way through. It is so bleak, that anything that can go wrong does go wrong.Sandra Bullock is great, as is Russell Crowe for the time he's in it. I'm glad I've seen it, I wouldn't rush to watch it again, as it doesn't perhaps have enough content for me personally, but I get why people would deem it a masterpiece.A thrill for the senses, visually sensational. 8/10

I never got around to seeing this in the cinema, but I just rented the DVD from my library and good grief, this was amazing.I was missing out on the 3D (which I hate anyway, it gives me a headache) but even so the visuals / cinematography / CGI were incredible. I also loved the score and sound design.The plot is so small as to be almost non-existent, and the stuff about her daughter would ordinarily have me reaching for a sick-bag, but somehow this seemed much more than the sum of its parts, and at the end of it I was almost on the verge of tears. I'm not usually much 'moved' by movies in that way but this one really gripped me.The kind of immersive, transcending spectacle I thought Hollywood had forgotten how to make.If this ever comes back to an IMAX screen in my vicinity I'll be first in the queue.

Sound: 2/2 - Stephen Price's music is alternately nightmarish and euphoric between lulls. Acting/Characterization: 1.5/2 - George Clooney is, well, Clooneyesque, but Sandra Bullock shows palpable emotion. It's easy to root for her character as a fellow human being, despite her seeming incompetence as an astronaut. Script/Writing: 0.5/2 - The script is uninspired, peppered with unfunny anecdotes, clichéd backstories, and inarticulate fretting, but it wisely avoids pretentious meditation on the meaning of it all for a few poignant moments of the heroine quailing in the face of death. Visuals: 2/2 - Impeccably shot, Gravity is stunning from start to finish. Objects move with geometric beauty, while Earth is a vivid, distant dream. Concept (Plot/Theme): 1.5/2 - The threat of space debris is wonderfully mundane and realistic, but everything that follows the initial catastrophe requires some suspension of disbelief as survival becomes increasingly improbable. Still, the film adeptly captures the minuscule fragility of human existence. Total Score: 7.5/10Gut Feeling: 8/10 - While I wondered how her character qualified for a space mission in the first place, Bullock delivers a moving performance in an immersive film that is worth seeing for the cinematography alone.Final Average Score: 7.75

This is a beautiful film, when seeing these images from space towards earth it just looks so peaceful and beautiful, like nothing can ever go wrong or disrupt the big peaceful silence, but something can and does.After about 10 minutes you are hooked, sitting on the edge of your seat, wishing, hoping and sayings thank god that is not me out there. This is a great sci-fi thriller, it is very realistic and very powerful in this deliverance of the story and sub stories, I don't know it this is unrealistic or not, but it really was entertaining and fantastic.I think it was very hyped, but after talking about it with others who have seen it, I like it more and more, in the beginning I might have set my hopes to high, but digging into the film more gives it more meaning and the fact that this is so technically good and very well acted is amazing.

After all the praise and reviews, great IMDb score and Oscars, I was waiting for a different movie. I figured this would be a realistic sci-fi "talkie". Instead it's highly unrealistic Hollywood action. Actually I'm not sure if action is the right word, but a lot of things happen.I was seriously waiting for an intelligent movie where Bullock would be drifting in space - something that would make you think, but instead we get to see how Bullock saves herself from running out of oxygen, space debris, fire on a space station, figuring out which button to press, flying around in space, lot's of tense scenes where she's trying to grab on to something etc.Even tho it's quite tense at times, the breathers are quite boring. Bullock does OK and the movie looks good, but that's it. There's not much else to it. It's very unrealistic, at least feels so. I'm not an expert on the subject, but I would much rather see Apollo 13 again than this.Not a bad movie by all means, but I was disappointed.

I have to say this film kept me on the edge of my seat for the duration however this was purely due to its intensity. I found this film to be incredibly predictable and I know that this was just a movie about a girl trying to survive in space but there wasn't much plot or storyline to it. Having said all that though I did enjoy this film, one of my main qualms with it though was throughout the film I was asking myself "would this really happen?" yes, I am fully aware of how dangerous space can be but would they really send someone into space with such little training and knowledge of how the space stations work and would all of those space stations have been completely demolished by the debris? Surely NASA would have been a lot more prepared for events such as this as I imagine there is constantly debris passing through space. How does anyone ever survive in space if they're that unprepared? In conclusion this film had me engrossed and I did enjoy it but I felt as if not enough research had gone into the making of the film and it felt like an unrealistic scenario to me, please do correct me if I'm wrong though.

Gravity was a very unique and original movie and because it was also executed incredibly well, it was a great movie and deserves much of the praise it has received. The special effects, cinematography, perfect amount of first-person angles, sound, and lack of development all create a certain sense of unknown and suspense that keep you on the edge of your seat almost from the beginning. The acting, essentially Sandra Bullock, is also very good, albeit slightly overrated. While it isn't the movie of the year in my opinion, it is still an exceptional film and one of the few movies I've ever seen that I felt like 3D added something rather than taking something away.

I was skeptical about this movie, i thought it was the story of one women in space trying to save herself, and the amazing is that it is a girl alone in space trying to save herself, but at a level of intensity that you just can't stop watching this movie, to all the people that are skeptical like i was please watch this movie, it is worth it. You will live with here all the movie, it has an amazing soundtrack and the visual effects are amazing, you will feel like you're in space and everything that happens, it's happening to you, you live as the character and you feel as you were lost like her. Once again see this movie.

One use of science fiction is to purify the threads of a story by displacing them from the distracting familiar. This gives more than clarity; it often frees the narrative to rest in our souls rather than our eyes, rather like the contra-intuitive dynamics about orbital mechanics. If you speed up, you go slower.This story is distilled. There is no villain, no love dance. We have only three characters. As with many films, the inner crisis of our central character is impossible to film, so we fold it onto an external, visualizable phenomenon but here it is also pure, austere. It allows the story to be independent from genre. So when a saucy astronaut uses a line from Star Wars, we make the connection through real life instead of film-to-film. Of course that guy would say such a thing. When the lost guy, usually the hero, miraculously appears well after we have forgotten him, we have no doubt that this film will not follow the usual trajectory of him saving the 'girl.'So this worked for me, worked in a far better and deeper way than the actress could know. She delivered a simple skeleton: broken woman recommits to life. Perhaps this is something she knows. This viewer embossed his own narratives, and became totally committed himself. The filmmaker understood how to help this, so he creates polar environments. One is celestial and in being full is empty. No sound. No passion.The other is physical environments we only see when purged of the living, but very heavily populated by the artifacts of life. Photos of course, but the power is in the everyday: a dental retainer, mementos from the astronauts' families, ordinary trash. These tell us more about the background humanity than we could have gotten from a few actors trying to collectively deliver the sense of the race.So we can readily put ourselves here. We can readily engage with the notion of needing to fall out of mourning and into commitment. We have something close to a literal birth at the end. These things are very difficult to end well and even here the filmmaker makes good choices.I like that it is entirely cinematic. If we need a fire extinguisher, then earlier we were given in offhandedly. If we need the noir notion of the innocent randomly challenged, we are given it visually — paralleled by the random loss of a child 'for no reason.' If we need the requisite three visual ouroboro, we are given some rather powerful images: the ten minute meditation at the beginning; a lovely, sustained triumphant fetal position on the first accomplishment; a profound fireworks which includes the capsule containing by this time ourselves.We do have precedent. 2001 was a tryst with God through weakness; Solyaris is not Tarkovksy's greatest achievement, but it may have been his most ambitious vision of introspection. The Solaris remake (with George Clooney!) was technically better but with less ambiguous reality. Sunshine was more ambitious than any of them in this regard of inner/outer, but included some 'action' stuff for better or worse.(Try editing that film in your mind.)I saw this in 3D and am profoundly thankful. I never noticed a gratuitous effect, and only once was reminded of the cheap glasses on my nose: when a tear floated close and was snapped into focus. That said...I have written in these comments many times about the evolution of the camera. I believe we are in a state of accelerated evolution in how cameras are used and consequently how we dream — when we dream semi-lucidly. The camera used to be and move where a man could. Then we got dynamisms in the curious and ironic eye. Then we got the sailing and noir camera. They did extraordinary things but never something that a physical camera could not do.Pixar changed this with stances and motion tropes not possible with physical cameras, and we embraced it. Now you can find this in mundane action movies like Transformers. How to innovate? Cuarón does what I think nearly impossible: he gives the supernatural camera eye a curious passion. Where someone else would draw in to display some detail, he withdraws into context. Where another may feign 'realism' he embraces the unreal vision of nature. Where a camera would be expected to be sympathetic, his is cold and vice versa. I feel like I trusted this man with my life and would do so again.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.

So I guess I was curious due to all the hype to this film, but don't see why? Plot was non existent, as absent as the level of oxygen in this film. The acting was just the Sandra bullock show and finish was rushed and predictable. Sure the cinematography was great but story was supa weak. Surely a science type movie should be critiqued by astronauts about what would happen to give it some believability. Omg if she really did go in space wouldn't have chance at all. Bored and annoyed that I cant get those minutes watching this back. Guess this is a love or hate type film. Might also depend on how you saw it. Imax or 3d might have been better, but I think they spent way too much $$$ on special effects.

This is where I get really annoyed that there is no possibility of giving a film zero. I am also pre-warned about not adding spoilers. How could I possible say anything that would spoil this film?Visuals? mwahActing? The pits.Storyline? As one reviewer said, could be written on the back of a cigarette packet (and he LIKED the film). Plus it's totally unbelievable.Dialogues? Corny as corny can be.Characters: 1DMeaning: To make money for the producers.

There have been quite a few movies in the past that utilized a "one main actor" setup to carry a movie. From Castaway with Tom Hanks, to "I am Legend" with Will Smith, and Buried with Ryan Reynolds. If you notice the trend, these movies are mostly Lead by Men. All great actors carrying great movies, but where are the women? In comes Gravity. Gravity stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, but Spoiler alert... This is all Sandra Bullocks movie.Sandra Bullock has been great throughout her acting career with her all around charm, girl next door beauty and best friend sense of humor; but never has she embarked on a role such as this.You have seen the previews by now so you know exactly what Gravity is about; a catastrophic event happens to crew of astronauts while in space. From there, it's a great ride on the edge of your seat action thriller that seems to hold you with its intense drama and "what could go wrong" happenings at every turn!Gravity begins quickly. There is very little to the opening sequence other than a brief introductory paragraph, and then you are thrust into a beautifully constructed view of space and the earth. It is breathtaking and Space itself seems to be the true lead character of the movie. You are introduced to the characters quickly and like any great movie, you are quickly ushered into a tense situation (you know, from the commercials again). There is the necessary amount of time to establish who is who, but the movie and its short run time do not drag on with forced character development. I love a movie that doesn't give away each part of the plot in its previews; and in this one, the previews only told about the first 20 minutes of the movie! This left you in total suspense and made you eager to see what was going to happen.Gravity is fairly short at just under an hour and a half. This is perfect for a movie like this. The obvious comparisons would be to Avatar, but I think this is what Avatar should have been. The pace was quick and intense and just the right length. Sandra Bullock (In my opinion) easily handles the role and makes you feel her anguish and pain throughout. This is an Oscar worthy role and performance. She took on the challenge to overcome. Not only her personal demons, but the beautiful, yet unforgiving character of space, and the force often taken for granted.... Gravity. Throughout the movie, a lot happens. During these multiple series of unfortunate events, you're held captive and an in awe of her resolve. She doesn't have it figured out or know what to do, and that is a good thing. She is a real person in an unreal situation. You root for her. You feel her stress, her pain, and her hurt. The caveat is the vastness of her circumstances and Ms Bullock brazenly takes on the challenges The visuals of this movie are so stunning that you get tricked into the beauty of space and forget that it is a truly harsh environment. Sandra Bullock showcases her acting chops, and you get a real sense of her suffocation while in space. The grandness of the Earth is even alluring. You'll find yourself trying to guess what earthly locale you are looking at! While On the surface it would seem that this is a self apocalyptic conquest of "Sandra Bullock versus the universe", it is so much more... But that alone is enough! I can't speak highly enough about how great Gravity looks. Sandra Bullock not being in consideration for Oscar, People's choice awards, MTV, or any other awards would be a travesty. Gravity deserves to go down in the annuls of great epic movies, and worthy of two views. I can't wait for the Bluray to see the extra scenes!Smush rating SMUSH - a must see!S-1 SM-2 SMU-3 SMUS-4 SMUSH-5

My wife and I wanted to like this movie, we really did. It was a nice afternoon out and we had read so many good reviews. They must have been so impressed with the graphics that they forgot there needed to be a story to go with it. After 45 minutes of generally bouncing from one batch of flying debris to another, I was done and really upset that we had wasted our money on such a dull, repetitive, contrived story. We walked out, along with six others that took our lead. Our theater manager was nice enough to offer passes to make up for it. It's very nice to see there are still theaters that take pride in their customer service.Might be worth it for $1 at your local DVD vending machine on a slow night, but I won't waste my time again.

I was hoping something a lot better than just a two men show...A total disappointment for sci-fi fans.. I would not bother to see it... Some people talk about visuals...if what you mean by visuals is just a nice shot of the earth from space, yeah, it is beautiful but what happened to mystery, and science.. we already know sound cannot travel in space and there is no gravity..Just two famous actors and a few old space shuttles don't make a movie.. I think Hollywood people are running out of good ideas and scripts. I wonder how long it took them to shoot this TV movie. my guess is two weeks. If its more than two weeks then they wasted a lot of time.

Gravity was a great disappointment. The studio must have paid shills to write glowing reviews so we can waste our hard earned money on this junk.Given that I was there in the 60's when the real Apollo missions were unfolding and worked for the company (Grumman Aircraft) that built the LEM (Lunar Excursion Module) that actually landed on the moon, I am a little more than familiar with space technology and what can and cannot happen.The first real space movie was Kubrik's "2001:A Space Odyssey" which to this day hold a high place in my heart which Gravity failed in every way to capture my appreciation for what I hoped for, and really wanted it to be, a great movie.I paid extra to see the IMAX 3D version and was not disappointed with the CGI special effects and the implementation of 3D. The 3D wasn't abused like so many other 3D movies just for the sake of being 3D. No feeling of having to duck when objects are flying at you out of the screen. It actually was one of the best implementation of 3D movies I've seen next to Avatar. The CGI was stunning, realistic and believable. This is the only good thing I can say about this movie. Now for the story line, or the lack of one. My 10 year old niece could have written a better script. After the initial 15 minutes the believability factor started to fade real quick. As they say "it does not compute". It starts off as a mission to upgrade one of the satellites, where things started to go wrong. I was waiting and waiting and waiting for the plot to expand and to develop. Unfortunately I waited for 1.5 hours and it never came.The ending left me thinking what happened to the rest of the movie? Will there be a Part 2 which will complete it?I wished there was a money back guarantee for movies, I would have been first in line. Total waste of my time!

I am so angry tat like this gets made and that so many people like it. Bad acting, BAD script, BAD BAD BAD. Its called GRAVITY so maybe learn how it works and not just make it up for a film. Bullocks character would never have been given that job. Clooney is my least favorite actor ever and this has made me loathe him more. What SPECTACULAR miscasting. I also thank the makers for adding to an onslaught of SPACE movies in the next few years. How many years training does it take to press any old buttons and say Eeeny Meeny Minny Mo and read Russian and Chinese. One last thing, because a film has "breathtaking", "jaw dropping", "amazing" etc etc special effects, doesn't mean its good. Definitely in my Top Ten Worst ever.

15 minutes of Bullock screaming "Oy Vey" in space followed by a Clooney suicide got me to shut it off. All hype and a sign that J. Cameron has passed his prime. The initial scene was promising. It was a good plot line. The movie was devastatingly disappointing after that. While I did not see it in 3-D the promised cgi graphics were there at the beginning. Other than the view of earth the rest could have been shot in a closet. Writing a review on a movie I walked out on is a cheap shot. Paying to see it would be a rip off. This is just warning to anyone thinking about a theater to watch it in. Wait for it to come on cable so you can change the channel.

Have you ever seen a moment in a movie where it gives you a certain feeling inside? I like to call them "Pixar moments". We've all been there. We see a Pixar movie (most likely Toy Story, Toy Story 3, and every movie in-between) and we feel something. It's a combination of satisfaction, heart, and strong emotions. That's the impact that Gravity left on me, but instead of one part of the movie, it was the entire thing. This movie stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney who are astronauts. They are on their normal day job when all of a sudden, lots of debris flies at them. Sandra Bullock gets separated from them and she has to find her way back to Earth. I am really bad at describing movie plots. And it's to describe this one because it is so well written and well executed that I don't want to spoil it. Not only is the plot very intense, but it's also realistic. Astronauts have to deal with this all the time and it's a scary thought when it does happen. That's also something I should bring up. This movie does a great job at keeping you on the edge of your seat. There's lots of destruction, but with the added bonus of zero gravity and no oxygen, it makes for one heck of a ride. And I like how the destruction looks and sounds. When you see the debris fly, you know that crap is about to go down. And let's not forget that in space, there is no sound, so when debris does hit everything, it's not a loud crash, but a quiet thud. It's like the sound that is made when you tap a microphone. It's very well done. The acting is well done, too. Sandra Bullock definitely stole the show. She does a great job at reacting to her surroundings and doing her scenes in general. George Clooney had a great performance, too. His character is the confident, talkative type and that really worked for this role. He even looks like an astronaut. That's a plus. The cinematography is some of the best I've ever seen in my entire life. The camera displays everything in a swooping motion, like the camera is in space, too. And how the scenes are set up is just amazing. I heard that every scene they had to do was choreographed so specifically. They had to know when to move and when to react to things. That added to the realistic factor and I liked it. And know it's time for the big one; the special effects. HOLY GUACA-STINKING MOLE! They are, without a doubt, the best special effects I have ever seen in my entire life. Everything looks absolutely beautiful from the stars, to the sunrise, to the Earth itself. It really feels like you, the viewer, are in space with them and that adds to the movie a lot. Overall, this movie was a masterpiece. This is one of those rare movies where while viewing, you can't think of anything you wished you would've liked changed or done differently. Gravity is in my top four favorite movies of all time (up there with the three Lord of the Rings movies). I loved this movie and I can't wait to see it again on Saturday. If you haven't seen this movie, please, please, please, watch it. This movie is amazing.

Or how about 'The Perils of Pauline in the 21st Century'!I'm throwing my hat into the 'Gravity' smackdown group! This movie is so goofy, predictable, and mostly boring - I had to laugh through it. And at times it 'is' actually funny when it is not suppose to be! Watch out here comes the space junk! Here it comes again! Oh no - tangled in a rope thing - and more than once! And the dead body floating around was not scary but instead funny! OMG fire! And all that Sandra Bollock grunting and heavy breathing made my mind wander! She has a nice body and they show it off in 3D!And that is the only thing going for this one dimensional plot line - (hint, survival movie) - the CG & 3D. If you just want 3D this is your flick. Nothing else to be seen here - move along!

I am really not a fan of 3D; I dislike that everything seems darker and a little bit harder to see and even for the big banner 3D movie (Avatar) it seemed like an unnecessary gimmick that didn't do enough to cover up a not particularly good film. Add to this the number of films that are cheaply retrofitted with 3D for the sake of money and I really have no interest in seeing anything in 3D if I have a normal option. Gravity was the exception since from what I heard it was probably worth seeing in 3D and from seeing it I can agree with this.As a piece of technology, Gravity is really impressive. I always think that the absolute best use of special effects in films are those where you forget how impressive they are because they really don't stand out as different from everything else but are just part of the construct. That is the case here as space just feels real and the huge amount of work to make it happen isn't made a fuss of and doesn't get in the way of enjoying the film. Helping you forget this is the fact that the film is a real experience in terms of the story as a ride. Within a few minutes you are in the middle of the experience and it really doesn't stop until the end. Visually I did still feel the 3D made the images darker than they should have been and reduced the clarity of my whole field of vision, but in this case the feeling of being "in" the film really work and aside from one or two "thing coming at you" moments, it really worked. For me equally impressive was the sound engineering; most sound effects are given a really satisfying "via contact" sound – the sound where the vibrations come via water or another material like they vibrate through your body rather than in the air. This was done so very well and helped me get into it as much as the visuals and effects.The one thing to say though is that all of this probably only applies if you see it in the cinema and with the full experience because this is what it is about – and it would be wrong to get sucked up in the experience and not see the weaknesses within this film. Specifically these are in the content and they will be more apparent on a smaller screen. The events within the film are so unlikely that without these strong aspects drawing you in, they will probably be more likely to push you out of the experience to question what you are watching. Attempts to add character and back story are OK but only as part of an already engaging experience – mostly they are only so-so and one or two rather clunky bits of symbolism really don't work. That said it is not down to the cast. Clooney may be very much about his calmness under pressure and his great presence but Bullock does a very good job to be vulnerable and fighting to survive and just like the effects do, her performance draws you in even if the material she sometimes has to deliver has the potential to do the opposite.Gravity is only 90 minutes and it moves with intensity and urgency that is effective and greatly helped by how great it is as an experience. As such it will work best by far with a large screen and those silly overpriced glasses on because it is all about this and in this context the weaknesses are less impacting – but there are weaknesses and they do have an impact and I suspect that as the film moves onto smaller screens, these will be more apparent.

I will not go into full detail about the plot in the film but if there was a worst film of all time, it would go to this one. The plot is so mundane it actually sends you to sleep. There is nothing going on in the subplot, it is quite obvious what happens next. To give it its due the first 10 minutes is watchable.If you want to fall to sleep this is your movie.Someone should actually make a 5 second youtube clip about this movie, it would do it full justice.The graphics may be better in 3D but i was watching in 2D and they were better than average, but if you go for a movie on that basis then by all means it may be OK It outraged me to see the score on IMDb and i actually even had to write a review

Just because a movie looks great does not mean it is the best space movie ever. You get trapped about mid-movie with ridiculous dialogue spoken through the collagen lips of Sandra Bullock with her trademark annoyingness. There was no drama that had me on the edge of my seat. The dialogue made me cringe from embarrassment for the writers. A gratuitous back story, and unbelievable ways for Bullock to get out of situations by figuring out how to read Chinese and Russian, etc., etc. I really expected her to have a shark try to try to eat her at some point in the movie, only to be foiled by the voice of her deceased daughter in her head telling her how to fight off a shark. This was unwatchable and unbearable at times. It will go towards the bottom of my space movie list.

WOW, JUST WOW! this has to be one of the most compelling and beautiful movies iv'e ever seen in 28 years of life, it was outstanding directed. The movie deserves even more then 7 Oscar's. for 'people' who voted this under an 8, you have no idea what a real movies is all about. When an accident runs on space, a girl needs to survive after the station is destroyed, the acting was outstanding from Sandra Bullock, i loved the way she was directed. The story line is outstanding and interstellar is nothing compared to this. Great storytelling, the movie itself isn't that long but in this movie it felt for the first time a story from a movie is great finished, i see that it won 7 Oscars, but it deserves at least 10 Oscars or more, this is the best space movie ever made, and don't tell me otherwise.

Gravity is the latest in science fiction feature films, a thriller directed by Alfonso Cuarón that will have your heart racing and your breath held for most of the film. Gravity toys with your emotions from minute one, juxtaposing the beauty and serenity of space with its impending danger and destruction.The film stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney and tells the story of two astronauts and their fight to get back to Earth after the destruction of their space shuttle. Bullock plays the role of Dr. Ryan Stone, a medical engineer on her first expedition to space with Matt Kowalski, played by Clooney, a veteran and the more experienced of the two. Bullock's acting is wonderful, as she shared strong and true emotions with the audience despite the fact that for most of the film, she only has herself or Matt (a man her character isn't very well acquainted with) to talk to.What set this film apart are the special effects. With a budget of $100 million, about 80 per cent of the production was done in CG (more than James Cameron's Avatar) to create a visually stunning film. Viewing the beauty of Planet Earth from space is what captivates you for most of the film, with the help of 3D technology designed and added in post- production under the supervision of Chris Parks, giving an amazing depth to the film. The work producers put into bringing space to life is phenomenal — not to mention the light box, with over 4,000 LED bulbs that had to be created (invented, even) to film the actors' faces inside their astronaut helmets. Gravity shares similarities with traditional tales of determination to return home and survival. The Odyssey and Castaway come to mind. But in space, this narrative takes on a new perspective. The theme of perseverance is written all over this movie, with Stone questioning her ability to keep fighting — to look death in the face and either go on or give up. This is a story about going against all odds when the entire universe is against you.There are several hints of a rebirth theme as well, with the astronauts hanging from the space shuttle with their lifelines like fetuses with their umbilical cords. Look out for the scene partway through the film with Bullock floating in a C-shape fetal position, and remember the way astronauts have to relearn to walk and gain strength in their muscles upon returning to Earth, like a child. All these instances suggest a Kubrick-like interest in demonstrating the evolution and vulnerability of human life, united with the scenes of confronting death.Gravity is at the top of the list where the Oscars are concerned, with ten nominations (tied for the lead with American Hustle), including a nomination for Best Picture. Even astronaut Buzz Aldrin gave the film positive reviews, and he told the Hollywood Reporter that he's happy Gravity was made and hopes it will "stimulate the public" to encourage advancements in space technology. I think with a movie like this — and all the recent press from Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield — we're taking one small step in the right direction. http://juliekinnear.com/blogs/gravity-movie-captivating

So let's talk about Gravity. Gravity, in my opinion, is one of those movies that is more of an artistic experience than a plot driven story. Other examples include: Life of Pi and Pan's Labyrinth. Some people may hate that idea but personally I think that it can create a door to whole new worlds like... Space. And Gravity is definitely a great example of this. Some of the shots in this film truly show the size and scale of space in a way that sends shivers down your spine and makes your hairs stand on end. The film also has a great soundtrack which is really suspenseful and exciting one minute but pretty and peaceful the next. If you want a good example, look up the track "Atlantis". Truly breathtaking. The first hour of the film is one of the most breathtaking experiences I have ever felt in a movie. You truly feel like you are floating around in space with these astronauts. But when everything starts to go wrong... The film starts to feel a tad cliché. Not bad, just cliché. A good example (Spoiler alert) is when Ryan is in one of the space stations She starts to say a speech that I feel like I have heard about 30 times already. The speech is about how she will never give up and if anyone is going to save her life. It's her. So if you are looking for a good film, give it a shot. But if you really want a plot driven story with a complex and sophisticated feel then look elsewhere. An artistic and beautiful adventure that will take your breath away. Gravity gets an 8/10

Gravity is an outstanding visual film directed by Alfonso Cuaron, crammed with some lovely area views, and excellent 3D effects that were used in an appropriate manner to create an extraordinary CGI appearance. I enjoyed the movie but didn't find it to be one of the very best of the year. The problem with this movie is the story, technically it's a flawless masterpiece and the 3D is amazing with a strong performance by Sandra Bullock, but the story is thin and predictable. Bullock does give one of the better performances of the year and the 'man vs. nature' storyline is always a compelling one but this movie mainly works as an amazingly beautiful visual feast and little more. Overall, Gravity is technically sound and very likable, but looking back you might wonder what the movie was about. If you accept Gravity as pure popcorn-munching fun and nothing else, you won't go away disappointed

The movie goer is transported to a place the vast majority of us will never go. I now have a greater respect for astronauts -besides the technical side of their work - the personal side comes out, and the working with other nations in space. Ryan is the newbie - a medical trained astronaut who is running from a sad event in her life - as she says 'she drives'. With an experienced astronaut they are subjected to a happening that probably could happen. Their dependence on each other and then the training that makes for the rest of the story - they are smart. The best part of the story is the cinematography - the filming is amazing and I admire the director and all who were able to do this film - it is one of the best. Even though there are some things not true - you do believe it when you see it. I have read about this and admire the actors for what they did - I'm sure it was a challenge in many ways. I really liked this file - but with what I consider a really great film, I cannot get it out of my mind for several days. I saw this yesterday and that has not happened with it. But the cinematography did- it is worthy of an Oscar.

i saw the trailer , and it was not that good , i thought i might will see some secret scenes in the movie , by which its 8.5 , but i am sorry to say , me and my friends were praying when the movie will end so we can go out, so this movie is pathetic , and i don't know how the hell it got 8.5 . like its really not 8.5 worth movie guys , like i always go with IMDb rating before going for movie , and this time i went , but unfortunately , it was 1/10 ...seriously I'm not joking , don't waste your money guys , instead give it to some poor guy ... and i was looking for some 0 digit , but the minimum is 1 , so i gave 1 else i would have given 0, hope next time , the guys will rate the movie with some brain usage NO THANKS TO Gravity ..........

Movie was awful, George Clooney was decent, but Sandra Bullock just ruined it. She did not act good enough for me to believe that her character was smart enough to become an astronaut. Her characters lack of IQ completely ruined it. No country would ever send someone to space with the derpness that her character had. If her character was smart enough to be an astronaut, then why aren't my cats floating around in space right now? Some people liked the movie because of how "beautiful" the shots of the movie were, but have they not seen anything else with space shots in it? I'm not even going to bring up how parts of the movie weren't even close to being realistic.

From the first trailer for the film I thought it looked intriguing, though the trailers never provided much information. You could guess at the concept and most guesses would be accurate. Its a survival/disaster story set in space with astronauts and no hint of science fiction whatsoever. I was a little surprised that suddenly the film exploded with huge ratings and huge box office returns. So because of that my expectations were high and I was prepared to potentially see a 10/10 film. I didn't hate this movie...do not get me wrong. It was entertaining and had some really nail biting moments. Visually it was good. But couldn't anyone make a visually stunning film with the backdrop of space looking down on earth. My biggest issue with the film is how unrealistic it felt. I am not a scientist and I know nothing about space travel but do I need to in order to know that NASA would not be sending up someone who is emotionally and physically unprepared and watching Bullock's character is sometimes laughable and that is unfortunate. I know I'm not the only one because other reviewers on IMDb have pointed out the exact things that bothered me. She makes poor decisions, completely unrealistic moves and generally is unbelievable in the role.I don't blame Sandra Bullock as an actress because she is a great actress. In fact what I say doesn't matter because this film is raking in money and likely to get Oscar nominations (a travesty and a joke in my opinion.) Bullock's character is empty and depressing. The addition of her talking about losing her daughter is pointless and forced on you to try and get an emotional reaction and it doesn't work at all. She shows her emotions well when she is in danger but the character is weakly written and you never truly get attached to her in any way. George Clooney is mostly there as another star-power name. He does alright but once again his character does not fit the film. His sarcasm, and humour stands out and is ridiculous at times. The chemistry between him and Bullock could be great but the script does nothing to give them that opportunity. Neither one are riveting and worst of all neither of them are even remotely believable as astronauts. Clooney is supposed to be the seasoned veteran and he's training Bullock out in space...I am almost certain that she would never even remotely leave earth without being 1000% trained. As other reviewers pointed out...Bullock consults training manuals in various languages and then resorts to playing eenie meenie miney moe on a spacecraft trying to get it to fly. Are you serious? How can anyone stomach that and accept it.Alfonso Cuarón has apparently built a very solid fan base. Children of Men was almost brilliant and Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix was phenomenal. However, I feel like he is one of those film makers that lets stories slide in order to impress us visually or artistically. Children of Men and Gravity are shining examples of this. Cuarón turns Gravity completely bizarre by forcing in absolutely ridiculous art-house scenes (Bullock's ridiculous fetal floating scene, and the end scene of her standing and being shot as though she is about to scream "I AM WOMAN.") What is he trying to do with this? Its irritating because this could have been a terrific disaster, survival flick and he tried to do more with it than it deserved. One of the things I loved about the film was the lack of sound in space. While it certainly reduces the impact of the shattering space stations it is more realistic and really disturbing to see all that debris and destruction but to hear nothing. As many of you who read my reviews may know, I am NOT a 3D fan. It doesn't bother me but it does nothing to increase the value of a film. I thought Gravity might be the exception to that and it wasn't. There was nothing in this film made more impressive by 3D and that's just a real shame. It sounds like I've really trashed on this movie and I have but I was just so blown away by how much everyone loves this movie and how it mostly let me down. It wasn't terrible and it was reasonably entertaining but I would never go out of my way to watch it again. It was a sub-par and rushed project that Cuarón unapologetically ignores a tight script or research. You will watch this regardless and chances are you will love it because its the mass opinion right now but I have to say how I feel and this one for me was a pass. 6/10

First off this is a one of a kind movie, that blew me away with excellent cinematography and story telling. The movie is a sci-fi space drama/thriller, but unlike most sci-fi space movies Gravity strives and excellently depicts a more realistic current setting, with the current technological limitations. This is were so many peoples reliability to the movie comes from. Movie stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, and are the only two live faces you would see on the movie, with Sandra taking a large chunk of the screen time midway through the movie. With only two cast members floating in space the the directors/writers pulls off an amazing feat keeping the audience engaged in a relatively fast paced plot, not only in an adrenaline fulled high, but playing with the emotions and creating empathy connecting the actors to the audience. This is largely achieved by clever dialogue close up face shots coupled with excellent acting by Sandra. What was really stunning about the movie was the breathtaking rendering of space, the earth from space, as the continents cities rolls by and the sun is peaking from the horizon, all of the visuals was amazingly realistic with great attention to detail. The shots of Hubble and ISS was was exactly as they are in space, not to mention details to starts and constellations. The directors tried to get the physics as real as possible, but sadly there were some shortcoming, but a casual majority of movie goer might not be able to notice these, this did not degrade the movie experience completely, i would say some of the choices to flaunt those rules did enhance it, for instance the decisions not to use space visors so their faces could be visible from the suit helmet. This movie is definitely worth the 3D experience, a must watch movie. OK, from this point on the will be some spoilers for a more critical review...The movie starts of with Kowalski (played by Clooney) a space veteran, and his team on the space walk mission doing some repairs to Hubble space telescope. Rayan Stone (played by Bullock), a medical researcher is out on the space walk doing some repairs to the Hubble. Strapped to a arm out in the space totally out of her element and profession. Its one of those moments where you scratch your head whats she doing out there doing repairs, and turns out its her first space walk. The plot unfolds as the Russians decided the best way to get rid of one of their old satellites is to blow it up with a missile. Another absurd moment, the Russians with all their experience in the space arena, blows up a satellite with a missile, this also while a active space walk was going on. Usually defunct satellites forced to re-enter earths atmosphere, where they burn up, and the remains safely crash on some safe zone. Anyway this explosion creates a chain reaction, which creates debris moving in hyper speed which are moving faster than speeding bullets, this scenario is somewhat plausible, these debris moves in and destroys the repair teams shuttle and on impact flings Sandra character hurtling into space. The first thing is faster than speeding bullet debris is seen coming their way, while of course it would be impossible to see such fast moving objects, but this can be overlooked as it created the great cinematic effect. Moving further on there was one scene where physical laws was so blatantly twisted and disregarded it almost ruined the movie. This is where Mat Kowalski had to un-tether himself apparently because the momentum was pulling him and Rayan Stone both, so Clooneys character does this and floats away to die, all the while they were both pretty stationary and stable, physically speaking there should be no force acting on him. Although this most blatant abuse of physical law to further the plot, the story as a whole was pretty OK.

This film is over-hyped and definitely not the best space film ever made. The plot is centered around two astronauts who become stranded when their satellite is hit by debris. The film follows their attempts to survive and get back to Earth. While on paper the premise is solid the film is hampered by problems that leaves the viewer with a sense of mediocrity.The biggest issue I have with Gravity is repetition. While the first 10 minutes may be entertaining, the film goes around in circles from there on. I'll be hard pressed to encounter a science fiction fan who doesn't find the plot predictable and shallow. Furthermore the dialogue is bland and whilst Cuaron desperately tries to give the film emotional depth, a forced performance from Bullock and poor writing leave the viewer feeling nothing.Perhaps the film's one redeeming factor is the technical work to create the impression of space. Never before has Earth looked so real. Also the audio was used to good effect to create tension and boost the action sequences. Despite the technical triumph I still left the cinema feeling average. No matter how pretty space looks, it cannot redeem the story or the failure to connect with the audience on an emotional level.

First of all, folks, I need a lesson. Define the term - feature film. If that is only and only about the film length - I may understand why do we call this a movie. Everything else looks like a interesting part of 'Spacey Oddissey' that can be put in few single scenes. And that's about it. I will add more words cause the site policy asks for more. OK. What is the thing that involves you here? Space? Well, then some National Georphic shows and documentaries should be in this IMDb category as well. Yeah, good acting, outstanding camera work, splendid effects, but common, is this where is the plot??? Fight of a cosmonaut versus space? Then why don't we put a man in the cage with a bear and if he get close to survival, we'll be able to make a film gem! What a sad day for the movies in general, especially for SF. 8.4 grade? A Space Odyssey has got 8.3! Well, I guess some new film appreciations are coming out.

This film has great visuals, but that is about it. Boring acting jobs by Bullock and Clooney. I don't know why Hollywood feels the need to put miscast "A-listers" in every feature. Personally, I feel this film would have been better with relatively unknown actors, rather than stars like Bullock and Clooney that have the exact same screen presence and speech patterns no matter what film they are in. Hard to believe them being astronauts when they have the exact same screen presence of every other role they've had. Go see it for the visuals but try to look past the mailed in performances of Bullock and Clooney and the sappy sentimental introspective look into Bullock's character...Boring!

I find some of the reviews about this movie laughable and ridiculous. Perhaps the hype and marketing campaign money poured to invite people to watch it, already conditioned people that this movie is good. I even read that this is the best and the last movie Bullock will make - another reason why this becomes a highly anticipated film of 2013. But THE MOVIE IS AWFUL. They ignore science and dwell on the ridiculous plot that insults whatever wit you have. If you want to watch one person floating around space for 90 minutes, this movie is for you. Otherwise, don't watch it. You are just going to waste your time and money that you would rather spend on more important things.

I don't know why this movie has caused so much turmoil, upheaval. It is a boring movie that in several scenes tries to imitate the beautiful 2001 A Space Odyssey. It is so improbable and full of errors. No doubt the special effects are very good indeed. The development of the picture is monotonous, has useless dialogue and it could have been more interesting if it had different situations, not just the blackness of space for 125 minutes. Music is good, photography is also good. It is a typical Hollywood movie, with several situations that are definitively not possible in real life to long to mention here!! It only deserves the best effects Oscar.

For a lot of young people, going to space is a thing of dreams. The thought of leaving behind Mother Earth and entering the realms of the awesome celestial bodies captures our imagination like nothing else. This movie is one for such people. The realistic way the thrill of space has been captured through 3-D and animation technologies, just about outdoes our wildest flights of fancy. The movie begins with a dramatic message about the infiniteness and utter silence of life in space. The 13 minute opening shot introduces us to the astronauts Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) and Matt Kowalsky (George Clooney) working with a space shuttle. They get an alert about a debris-attack and are asked to abort all operations immediately and return to the shuttle. But Dr. Stone (Sandra) takes a fraction of a minute too long to wind up, and already the swirling debris is upon them. It is not long before she is violently hurled adrift of the shuttle, and her final moments of communication with mission control (voice: Ed Harris) involved her frantically trying to relate her co-ordinates to him as the whole of Space revolved dizzyingly around her. The story develops from there, as she drifts untethered through space, and eventually after many adventures manages a miraculous return back to earth. In the process she encounters a multitude of crises, her initial sense of horror about her utter loneliness negated somewhat on gaining Kowalsky's companionship. Kowalsky revamps her spirits, and they use the thruster packs in their suits to reach the International Space Station. Somehow, by the skin of her teeth Sandra manages to cling on to the metal surface and get inside the station but in the process Clooney sacrifices himself in order to save his colleague. One can find glimpses of amazing selflessness and bravery as the final act of Kowalsky is to motivate his partner to propel a capsule to the nearby Chinese Space Station. Then, without a fuss or a goodbye the man drifts into the dark swallow of Space where he'd soon become just another piece of orbiting junk. The most stunning and symbolic visual imagery is achieved at this point when inside the safety of the oxygen-circulated chamber for the first time, Sandra sheds her astronaut's suits and she's shown swirling round suspended, surrendering herself to the whim of the planets. The complicated gravitational forces present make her rotate beautifully with the symmetry of a ballerina, as one equates the likeness of a fetus inside a womb to be symbolic of rebirth. The spirit of the movie is one – of trying, even when there's nothing left to try for. Soon after, Stone suffers existential dilemma when inside the Chinese Space Station she realizes her capsule has no fuel. She shuts down the oxygen supply to her chamber, turns up the radio and prepares to commit a painless suicide. But just at this poet she has a delusional vision of Kowalsky returning to her shuttle and she imagines him giving her a motivating speech that ultimately makes her decide to try to make one final effort. Before she activates the escape capsule, she gives one final message to her late daughter through the dead Kowalsy that her mom is not giving up. Therefore, through the use of the latest 3D technologies, and by taking the audience on a breathtakingly vivid journey through space Cuaron tells a simple story of our journey through life, of facing all our adversities and of overcoming them. The core beauty of it lies in the exquisite visuals, in the odd moments of drifting through soundless space and watching the sun rise over the Eastern hemisphere of the globe and realizing the privilege of human existence. The conversation between two human beings detached from Earth, realizing the magnitude of their smallness in comparison to the Universe. The orchestra reaches a crescendo when the imaginary Kowalsky delivers the final portion of his monologue to Stone inside the capsule cabin: "Ryan, it's time to go home", and suddenly the implications of this simple phrase get magnified, as it brings home all the reasons why we should carry on with our struggle through life at all. A moment that all viewers alike can identify with. Finally, Sandra deploys the escape capsule at the critical point and it bursts through the earth's atmosphere as the voice of Life resumes again in the form of mission control's radio. The capsule spears down on a lake and catches fire as Sandra escapes through the hatch, sheds her suit underwater and breaks through the water surface to breath Earth's air once again! As producer David Heyman summed it up: "Alfonso has given us beautiful, elegant film-making. Simple on the surface. The complexity of it challenged everybody. But none of that is visible. It's great." True words one has to say!

I am not fully aware that how gravity works around orbit of earth,but the movie seems very close to actual physics.I feel it personally that it would be horrible if someone stuck at the situation as shown in the movie. The view of earth in starting is very watchable experience.It also helps viewers to be involved in situation. Viewers who watch these kind of movie for thrill will not be disappoint.Everything is good in movie although you may feel that Sandra Bullock really-really had great luck that day. The over all thrill from this movie is good and enough to keep you sitting on chair for 1.30 hour without any problem.I recommend it for watching.

Gravity pulled me back into the world of space stations, astronauts, and dangers of space junk. A world of wonder that I experienced watching recordings from space shuttle missions and Hubble documentaries. And I am happy about it.The main stars are Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) and Matt Kowalski (George Clooney), and they are the only people whose living faces we see throughout the movie. What we see are probably the best space visuals in a movie that have been ever part of a non-documentary. The visuals are crisp and steady. A welcome change from all the shaky-cam that we see in the recent cinema.An interesting and refreshing point was proper use of the first-person camera. I felt as if I was looking from inside of the space suit. I felt that strange mix of claustrophobia and agoraphobia that is possible to experience only in the vastness of space while being in this insignificant amount of fabric and tech. These shots were few which made them significant and were well established in the relationship to the surrounding so I knew where I was looking at all times. One of the harder things to achieve in the emptiness of space.The film was perfectly paced for a space movie. Coming into the movie, I was ready for extremely slow space walks, but Cuaróns managed to beat my expectations by introducing welcome highly dynamic scenes to separate off the slower paced ones.The plot was fairly standard, but here again Cuaróns managed to keep it very fresh by giving us one large surprise mid-film. One major problem with the movie was that it did not make me care for Stone which was essential to sink into the movie. Cuaróns made a strange decision to make her a person without family. Meaning that her only motivation to survive was her own survival instinct. But this decision meant that Stone could explore some topics that are available only to people without stronger survival motivations.On a more nit-picky note, what was with that in-your-face symbolism of a womb in the middle of the movie. Either I have not noticed other symbols, or in a film with a very few symbols, there is one that is sticking out and heavily disrupting the flow of the story.

In my opinion, the key to making special effects convincing on screen is designing the effect to look somewhere between real and unreal. When the audience can't figure out what's real and what's not, they will believe it. This is what happened to me during Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity.Since Children of Men, Alfonso Cuarón takes his love of the long take and brings it to new levels. I couldn't figure out how these long shots were accomplished. The camera floats freely around the astronauts in space in long takes, occasionally shifting from third person perspective to first person. The camera loops, twirls, corkscrews around space, completely forgoing the human sense of up and down. It looked like the cameraman was really floating around with the actors. I knew that wasn't possible. But eventually I tapped out and let the movie spectacle just wash over me.As science fiction thematically explores the extreme potential of mankind, awe is an important component to every science fiction story. I was in sheer awe through the entirety of Gravity. Firstly, outer space and the beauty of Earth from a distance awed me. Then there was the solemn beauty of witnessing the space stations being decimated in space. I began to marvel at the destruction and momentarily thought deep thoughts. It was as if for a second I was watching waves wash ashore on a beach while reading J. Krishnamurti. Finally, I was awed by the fragility of human life. After all, all astronauts are just little fishes trying to survive out of their own habitat. The experience was otherworldly, self-reflective and dangerous all at the same time.I walked into Gravity mistakenly thinking it was a George Clooney vehicle. To my surprise, it's a Sandra Bullock movie. Sandra Bullock has always had a natural personable quality on screen. Whether it was pining for her crush to awaken from a coma in While You Were Sleeping or driving a bus that's primed to explode in Speed, she's always able to draw the audience into her plight with vulnerability. Bullock's characters never feel above the audience. Often this quality of hers get overlooked from having to play cheerful funny characters in romantic comedies.In Gravity, that quality is used to its full extent. We watch as she struggles to survive a series of obstacles. Her performance is as immersive as the special effects. She draws you in completely into her plight. I wish more depth were given to her character. By the beginning of the third act, the film starts to run low on its spectacle and it came to the moment where more character was needed for a bigger statement. Gravity elected to stay with its spectacle and jetted for the finish line. It had a good ending, but it was missing that final thematic punch that answers, "What is this story ultimately about?" and "Why am I watching this?"And for that, Gravity is a great gem and one exhilarating thrill ride. I am even happy that it was a great role for Sandra Bullock. I just do not know if the thrills will be as compelling on subsequent viewings. So in the end, it is not a masterpiece, but a very awesome movie nonetheless.For more reviews, please visit my film blog @ http://hkauteur.wordpress.com

Jaw-droppingly spectacular; it's one hell of a ride! Alfonso Cuaron, already a well-appreciated Director of artistic genius, takes us on this incredible journey with Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock), who gets detached from her shuttle and has to find her way back home (towards Gravity). The harrowing situation itself is stupefying; the stunning visuals, the incredible acting, and the powerful background score just add to the horror. In this era of 3D movies, this is one of the few movies where the 3D effect actually contributes something to the storytelling aspect, as well as the gripping reality of the film. For most of us, this is the closest we can ever get to be in space; it suspends us in a state of weightlessness along with the jeopardized astronauts. The acting by the lead, Sandra Bullock, is commendable; the natural portrayal of the character makes the situation more realistic. She single-handedly caries the movie on her shoulders. The well-timed bouts of humour by George Clooney's supporting character, the veteran astronaut Mathew Kowalsky, give us the only comic relief in an otherwise gloomy suspense thriller. The cameo by the ecstatic Indian astronaut singing around "Mera jootha hai Japani" in space was hilarious as well. Other than being an adventurous suspense thriller, the slow character- development helps us to form an emotional bond as well. So, by the time the movie reaches climax, you're in it as much as the heroic lead, Dr. Ryan Stone. The mesmerizingly-orchestrated meteoric-shower-like scene of the entering spacecraft, towards the end of the movie, is one of the best executed scenes of cinematic history!Whether you're a fan of science-fiction thrillers or not, whether you're a fan of 3D films or not, (to quote the lead characters from the movie) either way, it's gonna be one hell of a ride!

What is a good way to start describing this awful movie? Sorry but I can't find the proper introduction, I would just say STAY AWAY FROM THIS!!!I thought this was supposed to be a realistic description or presentation what happens if things to wrong in space, but if screenwriters and director spent 1% of the budget for consultation with physicist then things like sound in space, bouncing ball effects, explosions in vacuum wouldn't find the way into this movie. And lets not forget astronaut that's screaming like a young girl scared of a bee, who in the right mind would send into space someone so unreliable and unstable? I'm trying my best to figure out how is it possible that this catastrophe still has such a high mark, can someone explain this to me? Movie made in front of a green screen with 2 actors, bad acting and full of SGI gets so many nominations and then wins so many Oscars? HOW!?! Compared to this, movies like Armageddon and Deep Impact are masterpieces and are more realistic then Gravity. Hell didn't NASA?!? landed a unmanned space robe on a comet few months ago? Acting in this movie is bad, really bad, and if Sandra won the Oscar I would be 100% sure that ceremony now and 10-15 years ago is like comparing water and milk and its completely stages, as in judges are bribed. Really, who are the idiots in movie industry that decided to nominate and then give this movie so many Oscars?I'm really sorry for people who haven't watched this movie yet and decide to do it, I truly am....

I have been waiting for this movie for years, yet I did not know that GRAVITY would be the film that re birthed my passion and love for the art and craft of film-making. I never knew that the simple premise of two stranded astronauts in space would bring about such exuberant and elated exclamations of absolute astonishment. Yet, from the moment I saw the most perfect image of the earth in the opening sequence of this film, I knew I was witnessing something special, something unique and something that would be seen as a pinnacle of the future of cinema – a film that historians would look back too as the genesis of the new age of film. Yes, it is that good. But let me tell you why. Alfonso Cauron does something not seen in film, that I can recall, ever. With the use of the 3D format, remarkable cinematography and the films unyielding soundtrack, he delicately and sneakily submerges us into the film with each slow tracking shot and close-up. It's not until the first 10 minutes has passed that you realise that this has occurred all in one sweeping, continuous shot. Yet so much has happened in it, so much detail and movement that you need to blink away the awe. It makes you feel weightless; like you are floating in the scene with Sandra and George. The 3D is often the winner throughout this film and adds the "experience" that its supposed to offer you. This is 3D at its best, miles ahead of Avatar and appreciatingly used to advance the films narrative like Hugo. Films with minimal or singular characters have been done before, some successfully, some not so. To take on a film of this kind takes courage and a belief in the director's vision and faith in the writers story. Most recently – and successfully – the films Moon and Buried have centred on a plot of single characters to create a tense and meaningful story. Gravity relies on the fact that being lost in space, is second only to being lost at sea and both are equally frightening. Being adrift in the vastness of space is a hauntingly terrifying prospect considering the chances of being rescued are nil. And it is this image that replays over and over again; a solitary figure clad in white, untethered from the umbilical of safety, adrift against a blanket of black. It's frightening. I do not want to give away too much of the story. I would encourage you to remain impartial, don't go in with expectations and try not to read anything about how the plot of the story is revealed, slow take by slow take, but I will say that this is a well-crafted and executed idea. This is a story of triumph at its heart, a woman, and a strong (often flawed one) woman at that, overcomes the impossible when the easier option was to simply give up. The imagery is stark and brutally honest with cinematography that is fluid and beautiful. The majesty of the earth as the films backdrop provides awe and wonder, never getting in the way of the details or the characters. There are moments in this film where I found myself mesmerised by the action, often in the slow-motion of weightlessness, debris from a disintegrating space-station flies around the screen and into the audience at what feels like rapid motion, but is actually much slower. So much is said in the stillness and silence of the images presented on the screen. One moment I will mention is when Ryan (Sandra Bullock) enters the space station after breathing carbon monoxide for at least 5 minutes. The instant she is within the air lock and able to breathe oxygen she passes out in zero-gravity, spinning gently as if she was a foetus in the womb. It is stunning imagery like this that makes Gravity a beautiful film to watch. The other masterstroke of this film is the soundtrack and sound effects. Finally a film that does not shy away from the reality that in space no one can hear anything. To see exploding space stations, and space shuttles, without the sound of the explosion, all shown in the silence of space is truly a remarkable experience in itself. To think, we have been saturated with this unreal concept that anything that blows up in space does so as it would earth – loud and at normal speed, then when we see it how it really is, it is simply frightening. To see someone escape wayward debris that is travelling with no sound and in the weightless ness of zero-gravity, combined with the loud, thrilling operatic music that saturates the audience, you are not on the edge of your seat, but on the floor peeping through your fingers trying to swallow your heart. Gravity succeeds where so many films fail. It is simple. The script is easy. The story is basic and, but the way it is presented is astonishing.

The previews for this movie turned me off. I had no desire to see it. But, a 98 meta score, and a rating north of 8 here, convinced me to go. And to waste 90 minute of my life. I normally like science fiction. I don't mind one actor taking 90% of the screen time. On that note, they could have gotten someone a little more watchable than Sandra Bullock. The character development consists of George Clooney telling some story that he thinks makes this mission a jinx. Sandra Bullock tells us her 4 year old daughter died when she fell and hit her head. Fine. Let's at least have a realistic plot. Everyone knows she gets detached from her link to the space shuttle. Conveniently enough, there is a Russian space station nearby, that she and Clooney just float over to. Like a walk in the park. Clooney gets cut adrift, so we are stuck with Bullock for the rest of the absurdity. Without giving too much away, she then is able to get to another space station, and is able to get a pod back to Earth for the ridiculous happy ending. I was kind of hoping that she would run into Bob Denver(Gilligan) or perhaps Tom Hanks (Cast Away) when she got to land. Oh well.

I'm in shock having just watched this movie, in fact it's not quite finished and I feel I have to write this. Now I love Sci-fi and fantasy, it's almost all I read. And I love a space film, wish there were more, so many awesome books that could be realised into film. Also I can watch most things that people slate, take it with a pinch of salt, I say. BUT, this movie was appalling, I seriously struggled not to turn if off. From the ridiculously inaccurate physics of the thing, from start to finish, to the complete awfulness of the production.. I despair that this has 11 Bafta nominations, it's worrying! I recently watched 12 Years a Slave, what a movie, that only got 10. Gravity is Hollywood as it's very worst.. This movie just deserves 1 big Turkey award!!! A huge insult to Astronauts and science in my book..

I cannot even comprehend how people are writing positive reviews of this film! I was with an entire group of people and we all laughed on how ridiculous it was. I love how she propelled herself to the Chinese Satellite with a fire extinguisher LOL. So unbelievable. Initially I was excited about this film and listened to the people involved in the film in how it took 5 years to develop the technology to do this film. I honestly didn't see anything special. How can someone praise Sandra Bullocks acting in this film...there was none. She looked ridiculous coming out of the spacesuit with bare feet as they tried to show her sexy body glide through the satellite .... Would someone like her bother with face and eye makeup on a mission? I think not...and yet her makeup stayed flawless throughout the whole movie LOL. Sigourney Weaver in Aliens makes Bullock look like an amateur.This movie has been done before....and it was called OPEN WATER....and it was a lot better...more believable and far superior acting. This movie doesn't deserve the Hype it is getting.

No character development and you are supposed to empathy? My god, no real story at all. Highly technical but so is Star Wars and Star Trek but you won't see any of those true classics nominated for best picture anytime soon. Bullock huffs and puffs. Looks fairly good. The only real comparison I can think of is the Tom Hanks Apollo 13 masterpiece and an older version known as Marooned. Both light years beyond this dribble. Must be a lean year in the movie industry to have this garbage nominated for best picture. Another clunker for the Clooney camp. Can anyone remember Solaris? Bad. Bad. Bad. Dear God this was BAD! Please do not win this Oscar!

The only thing that was this films saving grace was the 3D element.The story is weak at best, and why does George Clooney still think he is good looking, didn't ever think he was personally, cheesy yes. And why they have that grandma Sandra Bullock, in hot pants....please... I think she needs a visit from the fashion police.Hands up any guy under the age of 50 that finds Sandra Bullock hot...? Maybe an attractive more shapely lady would have been better cast. Don't get me wrong I have nothing against older ladies that cast a neutral silhouette, but when u have a storyline worthy of inducing a coma in your viewers, you need to keep the audience interested somehow. Thank me later.Too sum this film up, I've seen better episodes of peppa pig !!

Firstly I would like to illuminate the vastness and incredible wonderment that is our galaxy. Our Milky Way, is spinning at an amazingly fast rate of 225 kilometers per second. In addition to this, the galaxy is traveling through space at around 300 kilometers per second. This basically means that we are rocketing along at speeds of 530 kilometers per second.. Annually our big old smiley moon moves further from us here on earth by 3.8cm. This is believed to be a result of tidal effects. The energy in the sunlight we see at present came all the way from the Sun's core around 30,000 years ago. This energy spent the vast majority of this time passing through the thick atoms of the sun and only a mere 8 minutes to reach the earth's atmosphere once it had left that fiery ball of fury we call the Sun. Crazy I know, But as Jesse Pinkman of Breaking Bad famously said "Science bi%#!".Feeling small? Well Gravity initially instills this same feeling and then so much more. Gravity is a wild space roller coaster action film surrounding a major catastrophe caused by space debris colliding with a US satellite and the team left fighting for their lives and the impossible contingency to make it back home safely to earth. And yes whilst many of the physics laws are bent to suit, aesthetically and as a narrative this film is completely worthy of all praises.Let's start with the casting, with so much resting on Sandra Bullock I will admit I was certainly a skeptic, however I could not fault her performance once you looked past her rather uninspiring career with some terrible "zone out" and "how were they ever funded" sequels and original films such as Speed 2 (one of the lowest rated films on IMDb scoring 3.6/10), Miss Congeniality 2, The Proposal, 2 Weeks Notice, Premonition and Forces of Nature. It was almost enough to make Steven Segal look good, almost. It was for this exact reason I didn't see this in cinemas and am now of course kicking myself harder then Guy Ritchie for both marrying Madonna and helping her make a movie. I digress, Sandra Bullock who plays a hardware engineer encapsulates the character in every aspect and the emphatic feelings are well drawn for her character as you are taken along for the ride with her. Whilst her character realistically would most probably never have been hired by NASA she as a character pulls on the heart strings and makes your heart ache for all she has and will go through. In short I am thrilled Angelina Jolie dropped this role. Mission commander Matt Kowalski played by the sterling silver fox George Clooney (who received the role after Robert Downey Jr pulled out with scheduling conflicts) was perfect for the role and somehow took the geek factor out of the profession and brought a charm, energy and cowboy style to the role and hit the nail head on. He makes it look good and romances space with an impeccable delivery and my only wish was that more was told about his character.The cinematography which of course is vastly computer generated animation took 4 years for the directors to be happy with and it certainly was worth the wait. Looking down at the looming earth you feel like you are right there and every bump, jump and spin of the astronauts is shared with the audience. The action sequences are epic and the force and pressure are very well designed to give the feeling of complete helplessness in space, where nobody can hear you scream... (Terrible?) The films tag line "Don't let go" is fully incorporated in a visually stunning film which will surely educate and inspire future film greatness.Watch this movie preferably on the biggest sharpest screen with the best audio possible, Fasten your seat belt, cause planet Earth is going bye bye. I give Gravity 8.9 out of 10.

Very ordinary story in space with 3D effects. This is not a science fiction movie. This is just ordinary melodrama in space. Is this a way to play melodrama in 21st century? Just wait when 3D mania will be over. What will remain from that movie? Story or performance? But wait! This movie will be in history forever as a movie with least actors played in it - only 2 actors! And maybe for simplest story ever. May be there is some hidden deep message in this movie, which I could not understand? Finally I don't want to think that IMAX and 3D were invented to promote poor content. May be poor content was invented to promote IMAX and 3D.

Let's get it out of the way - this film has beautiful effects and camera shots, especially in IMAX + 3D.I wanted to like this movie. I wanted to be immersed in it and live in a different world for a little while. I was unable to do that so let me try to save you the same disappointment.The first problem is with the mission team. We have one man in a "prototype" jet pack zooming around without a tether while telling rambling stories, another man bouncing around on a tether like a child giddy with zero-g excitement, and a woman attempting to install a device into the Hubble telescope. Houston repeatedly asks the woman how she is doing since her vitals are concerning - it turns out she is very uncomfortable in space and is trying not to freak out or throw up. She is unable to get the device successfully installed.What? What kind of astronaut team is this? Soon things go bad, for a vaguely plausible reason. Here, at 10% in, the film ceases to be about space, science, science fiction, humanity, relationships, or anything interesting and becomes a story about one person's inability to cope. In the foreground there are of course the eye candy, the explosions, and the jarring soundtrack, but the drama is forced mainly by character flaw and comes across as overblown and surprisingly misogynistic. The protagonist is also the antagonist. BlehThis director did a great job with Children of Men, so I guess he should stick to adaptations.For a better experience, check out Space Cowboys or the 3D film at the Kennedy Space Center of real astronauts doing the real thing which I found much more immersive and exciting.

If you enjoy sci-fi, don't believe all the hype out there about this film. While visually stunning, the attempt at realism is horrid! So many elements were just SO completely unrealistic that it made the movie totally unbelievable, and NOT in a good way. The acting was OK and only because Sandra Bullock is great at showing emotion just by breathing but other than that, the story was COMPLETELY lacking. I have to say I enjoyed Apollo 13, Armageddon, and even Oblivion more than this piece of space garbage. Save your $$ and go see Hubble 3D at the California Science Center instead if you need a fix of stunning earth views. Then, you can see how real astronauts work.

Visually, one of the most stunning films I've ever seen. Even to the point where the whole endeavor felt so real and intensely terrifying. In fact, the whole thing was almost a long, continuous shot of Sandra Bullock floating in space. Normally I am against 3D, but this is one of the very few films where the effect really added to the whole, exhilarating experience.

Watched the movie again in IMAX(previousley seen in on DVD) and it was totally a different experience. Visual effects, sound effects were astounding. Like I was there in space. Remarkable directing. The stunning story of a woman not giving up and chosing to move on with life instead of comfort of losing to death.

My Rating : 9/10I REALLY enjoyed the film the first time when I watched it on the big screen. Revisiting it now in 2019 on a smaller TV screen certainly doesn't have the same feel and effect unfortunately and then you get to thinking how someone who hasn't experienced it in the theatre would feel.This was visually next-level and I hadn't experienced such wonder and marvel in a cinema hall before. It's just beautiful to experience that feeling of being in space which is what this movie pulls off so brilliantly.Those giving it a low rating I can understand because it's rather minimalistic and doesn't have an extravagant feel like Interstellar or Inception.Honestly a great, GREAT movie experience at the cinema and one I will never forget.

I think you are all being a little hard on this movie. It was met for entertainment and delivered

Those disappointed with Gravity were expecting, I suppose, a standard blockbuster space movie. Instead what we got was primal, stripped back. Very little backstory. Only two characters. Only the barest plot. This allowed Cuaron, and us, to focus on what mattered: the atmosphere, the immersion, the beauty and emptiness of space. In removing everything but these essentials, Cuaron allowed himself to make something pure.Gravity starts with about a 15-minute shot. It's masterfully executed, and filled with intent throughout. It's amazing. In the last part of the shot, you see her float away, against a backdrop of stars. That image captures the imagination. I tried to imagine how long her journey to those stars will be. It's moments like that make Cuaron's purpose most clear.At one point, the camera focuses on Stone's face and the reflection of the earth in her helmet as she spins. It then slowly rotates to assume her point of view inside the helmet. For a long time, you just see the universe spinning around. It's these types of unique perspectives that make Gravity's visuals special. In another beautiful scene, Ryan is pulled by the tether attached to Matt over a gorgeous view of the sun and the earth. It's also amazing how pretty the break-up of a space station looks, pieces travelling in all directions. There are more subtle moments of beauty too, like Ryan's reflection in Matt's wrist.Gravity is more science fantasy than science fiction, but that doesn't get in the way of the immersion except at certain times, namely when Ryan was being chased by a fire that just happened not to burn her as it twisted around her.Gravity isn't too focused on the characters and that's fine, although there is a simple arc there for Ryan. But it's not particularly well executed. Towards the end of the movie there are some moments that aimed to tug at the heartstrings but are clumsily handled. What is meant to be the climactic moment for Ryan, when she decides whether to give up or to carry on, ends up being a pretty corny scene in which Matt's ghost speaks to her. Not too long afterwards, she's howling like a wolf. I get what Cuaron was attempting with the communication with a foreigner who couldn't understand English, but I thought it was badly executed. Regarding Matt's ghost, I think it would actually have been more effective to leave out the sentimentality. That said, seeing how unimportant the character development is to enjoying the film, I can't say these mistakes made me enjoy it much less.Gravity is a great achievement, technically and artistically. Even watched on the small screen as I did it's an immersive experience.

Gravity is a wonderful work of art. Cuaron and Lubezki are at their visual storytelling bests, which is quite a statement. The shots of outer space are long and gorgeous, and the sound design is impeccable, both encompassing the vastness and silence of space as well as letting us see Ryan's perspective. The grounded, careful science of the film and the exceptional effects and camera work give us a sense of what space is like - a tall order. What brings Gravity to the next level is the level of personal connection we reach with Kowalski, and especially Ryan. I felt nervous and scared every time Ryan was faced with a seemingly impossible situation. It is so impressive that Cuaron could get us to connect with Ryan and make every moment so thrilling despite having next to no dialogue and only having two characters in the whole film! The scene where Kowalski returns and enters the shuttle was far and away the scene of the movie for me, especially as it hit me that it was in her mind. The score is effective in heightening tension. Gravity is a groundbreaking work of art that, despite its narrow focus on just Ryan's journey, he manages to both amaze us visually and thrill us, start to finish.

As the film starts, we are introduced to a title card that reads as follows: "At 600km above planet Earth, the temperature fluctuates between +258 and -148 degrees Fahrenheit. There is nothing to carry sound. No air pressure, no oxygen. Life in space is impossible." While this opening is doing it's stuff, a haunting score (consisting of radio interference noises and string players doing a crescendo from the Devil's backyard) can first be heard only distantly. But each time a terrifying fun fact about space blurs onto the screen, the riveting concoction of sounds gets louder and louder. When the final sentence reveals itself and the title of the film (Gravity) lights up the screen, the floor vibrates beneath you, and the contents of your stomach bubble up. And, finally it stops (and stops very abruptly) and we encounter space. Beautiful space accompanied by earth's heavenly face. It smiles at us in pure silence while radio voices whisper in the distance, and our heroes drift into the scene. A great movie begins. Originally, three well rounded astronauts were faced with a by-the-books mission to repair the Hubble telescope. Unfortunately and rather predictably, things go horribly wrong when satellite debris caused by a Russian missile is catapulted throughout earth's orbit at the same velocity of a speeding bullet ,and turns the astronauts' ordinary work day in space into a catastrophe that leaves only two alive out of the astronauts and the Explorer crew. In order to return to earth, the sole survivors work together to succeed in survival.Of the alive is the brilliant medical engineer, Dr. Ryan Stone. A first timer out of the nurturing atmosphere of earth, she has very little experience in space, and even less experience in the problem they face. She works by the books and is rather robotic in her character. In the beginning of the film, we are ignorant of her origin and future causes. Later in the film, Stone's accompanying survivor bring out confessions of her life on earth. She tells of her four year old daughter Sara, and her untimely death "She was playing tag at school - slipped, fell, hit her head and that was it. The stupidest thing." After being asked what she'd be doing on earth at their present time. Her answer was driving without a destination. She wakes up, goes to work , and then just drives, with the radio playing. Matt Kowalski (great name for an astronaut) accompanies Stone in their solitude. A seasoned astronaut (deeming this particular flight as his last before retiring) who has very little yet very entertaining stories to tell, and whether the stories he tells are factual or not, it is hard to tell (very similar to Rochester, in Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre). He has quick wit and charm, like most of George Clooney's character's. Sandra Bullock is great in this movie. There aren't many characters (after Kowalski's death, she is the only character for the majority of the movie) in this movie, she faced high difficulty in being good in this movie. Nonetheless, she did a great job, and I can't imagine any other actress in the role. Even though George Clooney has played this type of character before (Fantastic Mr. Fox, Ocean's Eleven) I don't think that any other actor is fit for it. He was perfect for the role, and played it well. I can imagine the casting team saying "We need a George Clooney type for this character." There are many things that contribute to this movies greatness, but three protrude in my mind. The cinematography, the visual effects, and the musical score. Emmanuel Lubeski's cinematography in this film is astoundingly modern and free. The opening scene of the film is a twelve and a minute long continuous shot, where the camera moves freely through space. The camera moves like some unknown entity, which is somewhat unsettling. Space has no up or down, so making the "unnatural" twists and turns in the camera's movement actually seems very natural. Something that is also very incredible are the first person shots, where we are the character, and we see what Ryan sees. It feels almost like a video game. The only thing in this movie that isn't made from a computer are the actors faces, and we aren't even sure about that.The visual effects in Gravity are all digital, but they look completely real. The visual effects are so painstakingly detailed that even the positions of the stars are accurate with the real thing. There isn't a flaw that I can spot with the visual effect - simply astounding Steven Price's Academy Award winning score for this movie is very grand. There is a wide variety of instruments (glass armonica, strings, winds, computers)that work together like cogwheels in a clock. Do to the lack of sound in space, they've filled in those soundless moment with music. When an explosion occurred, there was an explosion of music, when a massive piece of debris passed by and just barely misses our heroes, a massive crescendo followed by a decrescendo happened with music. Another thing that happens quite often in Gravity is massive crescendos that continually inch their way up the scale and are cut off very briefly. This is very disorienting, and adds to the intensity of the film. This movie isn't just here to be beautiful and spectacular. It serves as a guide to survival, and I don't mean from a debris storm in space. This movie is about healing, and letting go. It's very metaphorical actually, Ryan's physical body mustn't let go, if she did she would go flying into oblivion. She must also let go mentally. She must let go of her daughter in order to truly live. "No more just driving. Let's go home!"

Forget the visuals, they are just a distraction - instead look at the script, look at the character of Ryan Stone, how vulnerable, yet never defeated she is. She was introduced as a lonesome, weak, discontent and pessimistic character. But by the end of the movie, she has found new hope, new strength, new reason and purpose to fight for life despite the adversities she went through. Ryan Stone is the main focus and if you focus on the main thing, you're into a life changing movie going experience.

Gravity Gravity is in fact, a beautiful film. What to add if not to write about the special effects, the characters or the plot. And, what about the symbolic aspects of the film which makes it a desirable film to talk and write about. An aspect neglected when talking about the film. The acute use of symbolism starts at the moment after the first catastrophe when George Cloney breaks away from Sandra Bullock in order for her to survive. She enters the Russian Spacelab and takes off her astronaut outfit. After taking off the outfit, she swings her arms upwards to see her body in full extension to a point that before she reaches a foetal form, her extended body shows her legs as if they had become some sort of a mermaid tale. It might seem far-fetched, yet I would advise to take a close look at that scene again. The, she attains the foetal form where one cable looks like the umbilical cord then we are afterwards launched through a narrow corridor which could be the uterus. From that scene on up until her reaching and landing on planet earth, it will be her growing up experience as the tight tunnel in the Spacelab could be a representation of her coming out of the uterus. But, where would this all lead up to? The only flaw I see in regards to the symbolism and that is, and we could ask a question, at what moment does the shift from our reality, that of a space catastrophe which has been the fault of the Russians and their missile launch on American satellites to bring us to a new dimension as we will discover it at the end. The only moment I see is when inside the Spacelab George Cloney comes back, then, she wakes up alone. I believe the Twilight Zone effect starts at this point where the fantasy kicks in to bring to a deeper level of thinking and plot development. Our reality has disappeared for a new one. How can all of this be linked? Near the end of the film, when she crashes in a lake somewhere which could be China since she used the Chinese Spacelab, it is to ask if there are still people on earth. Now, the capsule is flooding with water and like a mother's womb full of water she reaches the surface like a baby getting out of the womb. As we are shown, we see only her head out of the water, a solitary background, and she reaches shore dragging her way out like the first amphibian that populated the earth before the dinosaur era. And, more interesting, it makes the link to the foetal form in the Russian Spacelab and the mermaid effect, with difficulty, she succeeds in standing up. The camera angle filming her legs is for one reason: To show the new era of humans that will originate from her and the male she will seek since she could be viewed as Eve and her future mate Adam the background almost representing the Garden of Eden. What then, is special about her legs? When one observes the camera angle, her left leg is in full view showing her muscled side which demonstrates human training and exercises. However, the right leg which is further back shows a skinny leg which resembles that of an alien leg feature, skinny. In other words, the new era of humans would be half human and half alien due to her prolonged stay in space and experiences. In all, I would say that a film of this nature is very rare and more should be made. I rate this film 9 out of 10.

I've heard that this one should only be seen in an IMAX theater, which seems like sound advice. Effects that must be amazing in 3D—like the big scene-stealing Mexican frog in the splashdown sequence—are just distracting on a smallish home screen. Worse than that, it's a movie that feeds the eye and starves the brain; the green-screen wizardry is compelling, but it doesn't begin to make up for the deficiencies of plot and character development. Even two charismatic pros like Clooney and Sandra Bullock can't do much to hoist this damp petard; my wife bailed after twenty minutes or so, pronouncing it "guy stuff," and I was all like, "Wait, wait! I have a feeling this routine jeopardy plot's about to turn into a Kubrickian fantasy of death and transfiguration!" It did, but that still didn't help much. Watchable but disappointing.

'Gravity' is not a movie that will do it for everyone. There is no human villain and not really any human conflict, or interaction for that matter, so some people will be so bored while viewing this movie. I however was not one of them.The movie is more symbolic of letting go, moving on and learning to accept whatever life throws at you. 'Rebirth' is the theme that is not so subtly thrown at you. But even with this rather heavy and preachy theme the movie still finds ways to make you squirm in your seat with anticipation and worry. This movie is more nerve wracking than any modern horror movie out there. It is scarier than any open water film you will ever see, and this is because of the lack of human and ethereal elements. In a horror movie or a lost at sea film you're not quite as scared as you should be, and this is because even if the character dies, in the back of your mind there is the thought that at least they were on earth. It's so tiny a thought that you don't even know you think it. But while watching this film you worry that the characters will forever be floating in space, never to be laid to rest at home, or even on the planet.It's a new way and reason to be scared. This is exemplified with Sandra Bullock at the helm, who expertly bounces between terrified and resound to never see her home again. You parallel her emotions and root for her to buck up and find a way out of the scariest situation ever. And in this respect the movie is original. The special effects are also very cool. Whether you see it in 3D or not you feel as if you're floating in space. When you see her move through the station she looks weightless, like swimming underwater. It's all very awesome.So this movie isn't for everyone. It isn't as wonderful as the critics and awards made it out to be, but it was still a good movie. I give this movie 6.5/10

I am not sure why people loved this show? Is it because George and Sandra star in it?This show is bad, NASA spends years simulating missions and practice things going bad. It costs millions of dollars to train astronauts and send them into space.When things go bad, Sandra was acting like she had no idea what to do. She needed George to tell her what to do. Another thing that drove me crazy, Sandra keeps moaning like she is having sex.I wasted 30 minutes in the show before I jettison. There are better NASA shows out there.

I am astounded that this film got such high ratings. Special effects alone don't make a good film. There is nothing original or clever or intelligent or uplifting about this waste of time. I wanted to scream; it was sooooo boring. OMG, 90 minutes of Sandra Bullock acting like an ass. Where are the Great Wallendas when you need them? The plot is preposterous and laughable. The story is boring and totally unbelievable. Go see Phone Booth for a good picture with a single setting. This film is a joke, or should I say that the reviews are a joke. Don't waste your money on this one. A film needs more than special effects to be a good experience. I was sooooo bored!!!! I wanted a crocodile to show up at the end and devour her.

This is probably my first review for a film, I just had to write this one.I was so impressed by the number of good ratings and the great reviews that I simply ignored the bad ones. How could a movie with an average rating of 8.5 can be a waste of time? Impossible. So I went ahead to watch it. Let me tell you exactly what actually put me off. The movie had no great story. Limited dialogs of actors that really didn't have to worry much about acting since they had this astronaut helmet on most of the time. There is only one woman and one man that you see in almost the entire movie since there're no people just passing by in space. Just a few scenes that had great cinematic effects, totaling around 10-15 mins or so (probably an exaggeration) and that was it. So if you're in for just a few repetitive scenes of awesome cinematics and that's it then this is a movie for you otherwise like me you'll end up looking at people around you wondering who among them would give this an 8.5Hope this helps some.

I watched this movie with my husband in 3D at an XD theater and was disappointed. I'm not a huge Sandra Bullock fan but thought it looked good. We both thought it was going to be awesome with the high ratings it got. I told my husband we have to see it at the theater in 3D, it's going to be cool. We totally wasted our money and should have waited for it to hit red box. This movie needed more action or something. Some of the scenes were not possible in a real life situation in space. So if you haven't seen it yet I would just wait until it comes out on DVD. Your not missing out on anything seeing it in a theater. Well maybe the popcorn:)

I saw "Gravity", starring George Clooney-The Men Who Stare at Goats, Return of the Killer Tomatoes and Sandra Bullock-The Heat, Love Potion No. 9.This is a sci-fi disaster-in-space movie starring George as the retiring veteran astronaut that is trying to set a new record of walking in space and Sandra as the newby scientist that is on her first outer space mission. They are the only two actors in the entire movie, well, another one is shown from a distance very quickly and there are a couple of voices-on-the-radio actors but George and Sandra are basically the entire cast. George and Sandra are in space, outside of their ship that is circling the Earth, performing their experiments, when tragedy strikes in the form of a shower of flying space debris. They have to scramble for safety as best as they can and that is basically the whole movie, them trying to survive. It has great special effects, such as the zero gravity and that makes this the right movie for 3D, but story wise, it was just a little bland. It's rated "PG-13" for some disturbing images and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 30 minutes. It's not one that I would buy on DVD but it would be alright as a rental.

The first image in Gravity is a space shuttle slowly floating towards us. Of course, in actuality, the space shuttle is moving incredibly fast but speed seems relative in space. On the space shuttle is Ryan Stone, a medical engineer, Matt Kowalski and Shariff, both astronauts. They are installing a new system to better view the universe, I think, something like that. It really doesn't matter because in a few minutes the space shuttle is going to get hit by debris, sending the story off. A story about a character's will to survive in the most hostile environment most people will never know. That's the story. Most of the dialogue in the film is very situational based. Except for one scene when one of the characters divulges a rather traumatic event in their life. But the film could be completely silent, for the movie goes far beyond story.In space sound can't travel, a point that is made in many films involving scenes in space. However, most films that contain scenes in space ignore this and when a ship explodes we hear it explode. When a person opens a door in space, we hear the door. To Alfonso Cuarón's credit, he does not shy away from the terrifying silence of space. In moments of sheer terror, the audience is left in the quiet. Most of these moments are filled with musical score, but they would be just as effective without as well. I found myself sometimes wanting to scream in frustration at the characters on screen in these tense moments. But I didn't need to. In the silence, I found the sound of the audience in the theater, yelling at the characters for me.Most films that employ visual effects, the effects are noticeable. What I mean by that is, when watching an action film, you can tell when a real object shot by a camera has turned into a CG object. No matter how good CG gets, this fact will probably always be true. Space is an interesting place to portray using visual effects. Space is not a place many of us will ever go in our lives. It is a place filled with mystery. It is the most terrible and yet the most awe inspiring place. And the visual effects in Gravity portray space and the events that unfold in it brilliantly. I could not see the filmmaking. I had no idea how they filmed it, I would imagine mostly in front of a green screen, but I just couldn't tell. I thought I was in space. I was completely engrossed. On a side note, I did not feel that the IMAX or the 3D improved the viewing experience. When watched again (yes I have already watched it twice now) in a normal 2D theater, the film was just as breathtaking and exhilarating.Both Sandra Bullock and George Clooney are great at playing their prospective roles. The cinematographer is dazzling. I felt as though the cuts were non-existent. I was never aware of an edit, almost as if the entire film consisted of one continuous shot. All the elements of the film came together perfectly to make this movie and to serve the story. But as I said before, Gravity goes far beyond just a simple story. It is an experience.I truly believe that any film sets up its own expectations for the audience, as to what kind of film it will be, and what the ultimate conclusion should be. Every movie has a beginning, and they all should have a feeling of barreling to the end. And once we get to the end of a great film, there is a feeling that that ending was always going to be the ending. The story was chaotic and out of control as it raced to this end, and it was destined to be this way although perhaps I have a more romantic view of film than most normal people do.

I know this will sound elitist, but who are these people (and critics!) who thought Gravity was some sort of spectacular science fiction, space thriller a la 2001: A Space Odyssey? The only connection to such truly great movies is the blatant rip off by the director of the iconographic space fetal position, but with Sandra Bullock doing the floating. Are you kidding me – how could any self-respecting film critic or above average IQ viewer not recoil against such adolescent mimicry.Unfortunately, Gravity is not a movie for anyone with an above average IQ. Yes, the special effects are impressive, but these days, that just means spending enough money to hire the best computer graphics artists. The story and direction is embarrassingly juvenile, requiring a suspension of belief that goes way beyond that for average movies. From the idiotic positioning of the "brilliant" engineer, Sandra Bullock, using "eeny meeny miney mo" to choose the critical sequence of re-entry control buttons to the preposterous actual re-entry and landing, not in an ocean (which cover 70% of the earth), but over land, and in a lake (which cover 1% of earth).Finally, after plunging to Earth in a flaming capsule, Bullock emerges, unscathed, and of course scantily clad and barefoot, like a Xenon princess warrior, from the primordial mud of this idyllic lake onto its uninhabited beach. This movie was as nauseating and cringe-worthy as any that I've ever seen, but my daughter took us, so I had to sit quietly, without speaking out or throwing up until I was home alone.

Technically this film is stunning. Lots of good portrayals of microgravity with very few gaffes, some of which were clearly thrown in for nice visual effects (like a helmet staying stationary in the center of a rotating and accelerating landing module).Orbital mechanics are also totally bungled beyond repair: 1) You won't see debris that hits you at hyper-sonic speed - it's too fast to track with your eyes. 2) There's no way to generate such a dense debris fields even if you destroy all the satellites. Besides, it'll take days for fragments from a satellite explosion to collide with other satellites. 3) And of course, flying from Hubble telescope to the ISS using jetpack is impossible - they have wildly different orbit inclinations and heights. 4) To overtake an object far in front of you in orbit, you actually need to _brake_ - this will lower your orbit and you'll move faster. Then you need to re-boost your orbit for rendezvous. If you accelerate towards the object instead of braking, then you'll actually be moving _away_ from it (because you'll boost yourself to a higher orbit with a longer orbital period). 5) Astronauts might lose contact with Huston for a short time, but communication with the ISS and Shuttles is actually done through ground stations, not satellites. And suit radio is powerful enough that ground based amateur radio operators can actually tune and listen to it. OK, these are minor details. Were they the only problems, I'd give this film 10 stars.But I absolutely loathe the symbolics of this movie. It's anti-space and anti-intellectual. The whole movie tells you'll never live in space - it's sinister. It'll kill you. You only hope is to crawl back to Earth. Technology is powerless. It can't even allow you to talk to your fellow humans on Earth. Your only hope is to believe in angels - you can talk with them.The final scene is the most iconic - to reach the surface she actually had to shed all of the stuff touched by the space. The space suite was dragging her down. And in the one final attempt the parachute tried to engulf and drown her.For this imagery and anti-progress attitude I give this film only 3 stars.

Gravity at first sight may appear to be an everyday space disaster film, and you would be right. Gravity follows a simple concept, on and paper it may seem a bit tedious in fact. However, what highlights this film as one of the most cinematically perfect films ever made is not its story, but its execution.Visually, Gravity is perfect. The CGI is incredible, and flawless to the eye. It is very beautiful to admire, especially in the opening 17 minute continuous shot which is designed to do nothing but make you admire and immerse yourself into the space 'scene'. During this continuous shot, as you drift around George Clooney in the cosmos it is evident that Cuarón wants you to take a moment and enjoy this scene, before it all goes to hell which it inevitably does. The film is littered with stunning visuals, through the times of calm everyday dialogue and terrifying scenes of peril. Gravity pulls you in and throws you into the scene and with clever camera-work, even you sometimes forget you are sitting in your chair.Gravity has been anticipated for its supposed realism. Although according to the space pros, its far off from being realistic, the everyday film fan could not spot the flaws. The realism in Gravity, such as the lack of sound in space and the non existence of air creates an atmosphere that has never been experienced in film. Watching a spacecraft get torn apart in total silence is like nothing you have ever seen. How Gravity incorporates the idea of realism and the low hope of survival really makes you empathic for characters, and vouch for their survival.Gravity is almost cinematically perfect. No question there. Gravity exists to immerse, entertain and to strike that fear that we all have in space back into us. It creates visuals that have never been witnessed before and it is to date the best film to see in 3D. The acting from Sandra Bullock is outstanding, and she deserves credit and a lot of recognition for her role in this masterpiece along with George Clooney. Gravity sets the standards for modern cinema, and creates an experience that will be hard to beat in years to come. 10/10

I really cannot understand the gushing reviews this has been getting and the accolades being constantly bestowed upon it: there is really nothing outstanding, or even new, about it – period! Much has been said about its excellent visual effects – but the same is true of countless other sci-fi efforts, so, no big deal there! Similarly, it was acclaimed as a tension-filled two-parter set against a forbidding backdrop: well, this type of film has been done – and much more engagingly, if you ask me – for years...take John Boorman's HELL IN THE PACIFIC (1968), for one! As space operas go, then, its unabashed references to the likes of PLANET OF THE APES, 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (both 1968) and ALIEN (1979) only serve to expose its essential dramatic (and artistic) shallowness – enough said! And, frankly, the decision to cast stars (annoying Sandra Bullock and narcissistic George Clooney – yeah right, I totally buy them as astronautswhich goes to show that very little has changed from the practices redolent during the old studio system, where they used to cast Caucasian actors as all sorts of ethnic types) in what clearly amounts to character roles is ample proof that the producers themselves did not have enough faith that the premise would sell itself! Thankfully, the intrinsic streamlining also extends to the film's running-time, so we do not get any tear-jerking flashbacks to Bullock's tragic past on Earth; even so, her assumption that she does not know how to pray is as clichéd as they come! Anyway, the narrative is taken up by scientific jargon (which we have all been suffering from these last 50 years or so), panic attacks (contact with Base is invariably lost early on: incidentally, Ed Harris has been typecast as the voice of Houston ever since APOLLO 13 {1995}!), floating all too easily between various space stations (most of them conveniently unworkable – being peopled by corpses, boasting non-English friendly equipment, oddly self-combustible or simply meteorite targets)! As for its visually arresting 'silent' sequences of the extensive shuttle damage, again, this is no novelty (Michelangelo Antonioni did something similar a good 45 years ago with ZABRISKIE POINT!) and, in any case, it eventually wears thin with the repetition! And is it not a downright cheat to have Bullock fantasize about Clooney 'bailing her out' when all hope seemed lost (by the way, his lengthy conversations with the heroine in an attempt to reassure and guide her, while he is himself headed for certain death, come off as comical more than anything else)?! One might argue that I have said very little in the movie's favour to justify even its "average" rating: this alone speaks volumes about the way modern cinema generally leaves me cold – with very few titles made in the recent past that I deem worthy of more than a cursory glance...!

I don't know how to start... PLEASE SEE THIS MOVIE IN 3D!, I went yesterday night to see this amazing film in 4DX, and it WORTH every PESO I PAID... I just can say please go and see it. Please don't expect an action film Aliens style, this one is more "realistic" but obviously there are a lot of fantasy moments but closer to reality that other space films.You will feel the emptiness of the space, space is not friendly, you will miss our warm, fresh, gravity earth.Sandra Bullock is not one of my favorites for this kind of films but she did a great work. Alfonso Cuaron and Emmanuel Lubezki are a winner team, Lubezki is a genius, and he will win an Oscar for the AMAZING PHOTOGRAPHY, EARTH AND SPACE ARE BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED.

I thought Gravity did a great job with the special effects and the realism of space and the cinematography. I thought in my opinion that Sandra Bullock and George Clooney were great in their roles. The film provides plenty of moments of visual awe and deep tension. So overall I thought the film was pretty decent. The movie is a visually entertaining and fun for audiences who are looking for spectacular effects and truly real visuals.What made me slightly dislike the film itself was the fact that the background to the characters wasn't explained thoroughly. OK Ryan Stone's (Sandra Bullock) daughter dies but I never really felt the pain that she felt since we never got to visually see memories or her back on Earth with her daughter. Also what kind of person was Matt Kowalski, George Clooney's character. He seemed more like a guy straight out of some hick town bar who had fond memories back at home. The plot wasn't fully fleshed out and the 90 minute span of this film was just flat out BOGUS. This film could of EASILY been 30 minutes longer. Giving the time for the characters to be fully fleshed out, what the true purpose of their mission was and what they truly experienced besides some bloodshed, tears, a little drama and a safe landing home for Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock).Overall this film was good but not fantastic by ANY stretch of the imagination. Do I find this film overrated? Hell yes! Do I think its a bad film by any means? NO. Its a movie simply built on eye candy, visuals and tension. Yet it had little plot and poorly fleshed out characters as well as the point of the entire mission.Gravity was OK but its only worth a one time view.

These weren't the Mercury- or Apollo-trained astronauts we expect up in space. What bothered me and almost caused me to yell at the screen was that these astronauts didn't always possess that laser-sharp focus so critical in bad situations. I don't want to give away scenes, but there were too many times when a character seemed too pedestrian, no matter how little training one of them supposedly was given before being shot into space. And I still feel compelled to yell out "Get going already!" and perhaps "Put out the fire for Christ's sake before it gets out of hand!" and calmer, but questioning "Doesn't that other suit have O2 you can tap into?" So for me, the movie would have been much better if the characters had been true to their profession. The panorama in space was impressive, so if primarily what interests you, the experience will be a pleasure.

Checking the 2014 Oscars Best Picture nominees list I decided to take a shot on the widely so called "best picture of the year" or even the 8,2 IMDb-rated movie "Gravity". Well, those were features enough to incite my curiosity about it. Here we go, play. 90 minutes later, I can't describe my disappointment about this movie. An emotional-disordered astronaut (I know, it does sound like a joke, but this is just the start) is sent adrift in space after a debris storm hits her spacecraft and tries to survive going from station to station. The things she does to survive and the supposed "lucky" she has is an insult to any human being with a reasonable intelligence. There's even a scene where she does the "eeny, meany, miney, mo" thing to choose a detach button from a spacecraft! And she makes it in the 2nd try!! I mean, come on, we're talking about a panel with thousands of buttons, each one with dozens of functions. You might be wondering, but how about the so talked special effects? Sincerely, they were "ok". Not more than that. Plus, special effects alone don't make a good movie. This movie here is one of the best examples of it. Now, 10 Oscars nominations for this crap? TEN? You gotta be joking me Academy.

Mr. Alfonso Cuarón, you gotta be kidding me man! Next time have a warning written on the posters saying "It could give you 'Gravity' level experience" for people who don't want to be dumbfounded when they come out of the theater. I mean what was the point of me buying recliners for my entire family when you just had to make us sit on the edge of our seats most of the time? How many months were you in space with Tim to know how to make the viewers experience extreme thrills? I hadn't imagined the risks of being an astronaut who needs to repair satellite systems in space, until I watched your movie. I'm actually short of words to express the amazing visuals you've put up behind the characters. It almost seems a billion-dollar project accounting in what NASA must've spent to help you make a film out there 'Gravity' is next to the real experience of being an astronaut which will literally take your breath away! It's a brave new height of quality created by an artist who apart from doing all the research, seems to have probably fantasized of being in outer space a lot. Normally when people watch effects taking place in a scene, they can probably figure out what could really be happening, like ropes, computer graphics, chrome screen, etc. you know. But you'll be so lost in the magnifique of the relative background that the next thing you know you'll be catching your breath after the scene's already happened and you won't have time to think of anything else in the world later. It won't give you goosebumps or the chills in your spine but the intensity of the 'silence' itself will reach out to grab you like you really have to be there and then at the same time you're gonna experience "A hell of a ride". Not to mention the music is a tool in this movie that's going to affect your shock for worse! If you know how many categories of academy awards are there, let's just say that I won't be surprised if these guys sweep out half of them. Alfonso Cuarón, Tim Webber, Emmanuel Lubezki, Steven Price, you guys have my standing ovation.

Gravity rigorously explores the human spirit and the persistence of survival through the most insufferable character possible. Ryan Stone a medical engineer whom has had six months of training is placed on a mission but thanks to the Russians, she is launched into the depths of space floating adrift having to co-ordinate her way to Earth with the help of her imagination and a manual book. Gravity may simply appear to be two people floating in space for ninety minutes to the casual observer, however it's just one. The highlight of the film Matt Kowalski played by George Clooney dies fifteen minutes in and you're left with the wailing Sandra Bullock, her character persists that every time she has been trained how to fly an escape pod in the simulator she has crashed it. Nonetheless under critical circumstances that depends on her life, reading a random page of a manual and praying to get home will prevail. Despite my evident cynicism about the film, I did admire how the film never deviated from it's predictable outcome. Someone survived.

When I first saw the trailer of GRAVITY, there was just one thought that was running in my mind; I am not going to miss this movie at any cost. Well, and I did keep my word and finally today I went and watched the much awaited movie of the year (at least for me it was). For people who think that a movie should have an ensemble cast, try this one! You are sure to be in short of words and you are sure to redefine cinema. GRAVITY begins with the magnificent and the breathtaking (literally) view of the mind boggling space that we have seen only on NASA footage and other documentaries. The view positively gives you the wish to join a space research organization. The silence will make you fall in love with it and the darkness will make you fall in love with the loneliness. You are introduced to Matt (George Clooney), Ryan (Sandra Bullock) and Shariff (Phaldut Sharma) physically. As an Indian I also liked the Hindi song Shariff hums for a moment. It is all going well until a Russian missile gets released and the entire mission and their Hubble Telescope are hit and thrashed into pieces. Will all the three survive? Do they have a way for survival when the three are not even etched to each other? Will Ryan make it when her oxygen levels are falling rapidly?GRAVITY is surely one of the best movies made in the year. For a common man who does not understand the technical or the scientific aspects of the real astronomical world, this is a real breathtaking adventure. When Sandra Bullock counts each of her breath, we realize the importance of the air and the amount of oxygen we 'take for granted'. When George Clooney says 'sip like a wine and not beer', you are drawn into a reality wherein we realize that we are privileged of many things. As we progress with the film the fact sinks in that there is not much of a conversation in the movie (the script writers have definitely saved some papers regarding that) which makes it even more special. The close up shots take us through the journey of Ryan so closely that we start seeing everything being her. There is not a moment in the movie where you feel drifted away from the story or take your eyes off from the screen.With less dialogues and more to convey through actions, I give it to the entire cast and crew of the movie. And specially take a bow, Alfonso Cuaron, the director of the movie for making this master piece look so real and believable. What shall I say about Sandra Bullock and and George Clooney! Can I put all the affirmative adjectives for their brilliant performances? As I write this I still have a heavy lump in my throat. I am not that much of an emotional person when it comes to movies. But this I must say, is a definitely not-a-miss movie.If you had not watched it yet, do not make any plans for this weekend and just go for it. You will not regret this one.

The movie had an amazing plot. It had potential to be amazing. However it wasn't. Most of the movie was spinning and heavy breathing, which got really annoying. Also, the movie became so predictable half way through. Seriously, not one aspect of the movie surprised me or caught my attention. I was bored early on, which was really disappointing due to the great reviews and plot which should have made the movie 10x better. Overall, whoever thought of the idea should be praised, while the writers of the script should not. I would not see this let down called Gravity again, and am still puzzled by the praising reviews that this movie has received.

In my opinion 3D represents the package of the plot, so if you want to make a good movie, first of all you must take a good plot and wrap it in a beautiful 3D package. Unfortunately almost every 3D movie being made these days by the big production companies are bulls**ts wrapped in "outstanding" packages. For a clear view of the quality of a movie, first you must see it in 2D and if it's good then you go to see it in 3D (like I did with "Life of Pi", for example). After reading so many reviews I figured it out that there are two kinds of peoples: the stupid, mindless people, products of the consumer society, for whom the package is the most important thing, no matter what's in it and the people who are not too lazy to use their brains and who are disgusted of such a huge amount of mediocrity they try to sell us, telling us, through the voice of the critics paid by them, that they are masterpieces. The fist kind is the majority so they will make more stupid movies for stupid people's money.I could and I will use this review for almost all the 3D movies they made since 2009's Avatar (which, by the way, in my opinion, it's a decent movie – I saw it only in 2D).

Films like Blackhawk Down attempt, through the art of the film-maker, to bring the viewer into the experience of something that is planned a certain way yet goes horribly wrong.That said, what this extraordinary piece of film art has in common with Blackhawk Down, and most other films of that genre, is pretty much nothing.Because in Gravity the writer/director started with the same theme (something planned that goes horribly wrong) and transformed, transfigured, morphed, it into a story that defines the very best aspects of what it is to be human; to be alive.I have done a fair number of reviews for IMDb but I confess I am humbled by this one.The technicals? Sound, direction, settings, special effects, editing. Perfect. Better than I have ever seen. You know you are looking at someone's idea of what it is to be in deep space, and the cynic in you keeps trying to find flaws, stunts that do not work. But there are none to be found. Perfect.Now the acting. Perfect again. Bullock has never given a better performance in her career and - no disrespect -- may never surpass this one. There is a throwaway line late in the film -- what used to be called an "aside" in stage plays -- which reads in the script, "I hate space." It is tribute to her work here that she not only nails the line but after you leave the theatre (or close the DVD) you cannot imagine any other actor doing that line and making it work as well.Clooney? During the run of the original CSI VEGAS, the producers were embarrassed by surveys showing that "Grissom" was the boss most Americans wanted to work for, regardless of their job or where they lived.After watching this film, and even though he has minimal screen time, AND ONLY A FEW MOMENTS OF FACE TIME, George Clooney is like the only person you would want to call if you were in a dangerous situation and needed counselling. That's how good he is.And just when you think this perfect film could not get any better, you get an ending that makes you cry, laugh, and wince all at the same time.Extraordinary.

I heard great things about this movie, but besides the outstanding special effects, the script was pretty cliché and cringeworthy, and there was very little character development. We are supposed to feel for Kowalski, yet the guy's a cartoon superhero with absolutely no background other than a love of country music (stolen from Apollo 13). Bullock's character is inconsistent--a scared babbling "citizen-astronaut" to an experienced-looking pilot who can read foreign manuals and navigate her way through foreign space stations like she's been there a hundred times.In general, despite its special effects, and a few exciting scenes, an ultimately forgettable and clichéd film.

I can not judge this film just as a motion picture! Because it's something far beyond that. I can only judge it as an "experience", for that's what it's been to me! Well, as an experience this "film" is just a unique one! It took me several minutes to "come back", and the only critic i could then articulate when asked was a very short one: "I am speechless"! I think the ones who didn't like it (or just declare so) are either too f...ing snobbish, or just sentimentally amputated, or both! For how can this ever be possible for a viewer not to be overwhelmed by that ultimate sentiment of Awe which the unprecedented visual effects and the amazing direction make not only the screen but also everything above, under and all around him over flooded with!? OK, there is not much of a story like the ones we usually watch on screen. "Gravity" looks more like a real time report of an incident that takes place within the 90 minutes the film lasts. But it's exactly this supposing "real time coverage" of a potentially realistic event that makes the difference, and - through the superb way of telling the story - brings the audience within the core of something nobody has ever experienced before in a movie theater! Anyway, no matter what some narrow hearted may say, "Gravity" belongs to that kind of sublime films which make one think "And now, what is still to see in a movie theater? what may come next worth watching? Are movies a finished story for me, after this one?"! Well,this is its only negative point, if you want to see it this way! But try to be positive! Try not to be mean, and open your hearts for what is yet to come! Hopefully "Gravity" is only a short stop, and cinema will soon amaze us even more with another extra ordinary movie like this one!!!

Gravity is possibly the most overrated movie I've watched in recent years. Yes it has great CGI, the visuals are stunning, but I think I payed for a movie...This has absolutely no plot, no character development, no story...And an Oscar nomination for Sandra Bullock to look scared and breath heavily...are you serious?! The above is fair warning to those, like me, who think that are going to watch a movie...You're going to watch something that would be a great space documentary. If you wanna be blow away with stunning visuals this is for you. The best CGI I've seen to this day, the attention to detail in every little thing and it really takes you somewhere if you watch it in 3D it looks like you're in the middle of the action. That being said, it is an experience, but not a movie experience. It would be something to try in Disneyland or some amusement park, because it is a ride...It's just not a movie. It is impossible for me to spoil it, because it has no plot to spoil, I can't tell you anything you don't already know going in. I give it a 6/10, because I kinda enjoyed the ride, and it deserves credit for its visuals, but this is, by far, 2013 most overrated movie.

I'm going to be one of the few to say what horrendous tripe this movie was. Thankfully we saw it in 3D on the big screen. Anything else is a complete waste of time, IMHO. The beginning of the film starts good with an interesting premise. But once things start to go wrong, everything goes wrong with this film. It would be better titled "Mission Impossible" and it's a very short film that tacks on an additional hour out of what could have been a neat 30 minute film.This won't ruin the film but was one of the funniest lines I heard from the audience, who also felt that this was an empty preposterous story that was as vacuous as space itself. He said "Let me guess, and here comes the shark!" You'll understand it when you see it and it will probably give you a great laugh since there is no film that Hollywood cannot ruin.

This is a pretty film and exciting. But it ends there. It's based on Hollywood hype and the public's ignorance of science.First, the initial absurdity was Russia blasting an old satellite with a missile creating a deadly high speed debris field while its own space station was being manned with its people and the Americans out there working on the Hubble Telescope. The Russians aren't stupid enough to endanger lives of crew members in that way,which invalidates the entire film since there would have been no disaster.Second, their was absolutely no reason for Clooney to untether himself from Bullock and then float off in the opposite direction. He and Bullock, both being tethered together and at one point to the space station would be traveling in the same direction and speed as the station. All he had to do was make slight tug or forward movement and he would have headed into the station.Third, and the comic relief of the film, is Bullock trying to crash learn how to crash land the re entry capsule from first Russian and then Chinese instruction manuals on how to fly a spaceship. This strained all believability. Going back to the beginning, Sandra Bullock'a character would not be suitable either in training or emotionally for this astronaut position.Finally, all such space craft are built for possible sea landings, with the hatch on top so they can't fill with water when opened. Bullock never checks this out and opens the hatch immediately, causing the capsule to sink. But then, she wasn't properly qualified, was she?Oh, and I couldn't understand why Bullock couldn't make radio contact with Earth through using several different radios.Aside from all this, the needless small talk from Clooney while the pair are floating in space is absurd and a waste of air. Again, this is a beautifully shot film, but you have to suspend disbelief. The shocking thing is most people seem to believe it.

I'd been looking forward to this for some time and the initial reviews singing the praises just heightened my anticipation. I'm at a loss as to explain why anyone would find it worthy of it's current 8.5 rating so here's my thoughts:- It's a very basic story and a seriously limited cast. The cast isn't merely limited in numbers but also the depiction of the main character. Sandra Bullock isn't hugely convincing as a mission specialist. The last time I checked NASA had very strict requirements for their astronauts in that they are expected to show some initiative and backbone. Her character appears devoid of both and flaps in panic mode for large parts of the film. In fairness to Ms Bullock the script is weighted that way so she probably had little say in the matter and did the best she could with the material she had. I'll blame the script writer. A tougher character similar to "Helen Ripley" would have been more realistic and engaging.Lets be honest, this film is going to appeal to "nerds". I'm one! Nerds will find many issues with the film not matching the reality of the situation. You don't need to be ex-NASA to spot them either - basic physics will do. I won't list them as I'd look foolish if I missed one but if you are of the nerdy persuasion you'll spot them and they'll interfere with your view of the film. I don't mind Hollywood taking a few liberties but when you deliberately aim your film at those who at least have some grasp of orbital mechanics you ought to take more advice from scientists and less from writers. Getting details right shouldn't interfere with a story but should enhance it.The good bits are good though. The cgi and any other effects are very good. So good in fact it's easy to feel it was actually shot in space. That's it though. It's not great, it's not bad. It's an OK film worth watching. It could have been been so much better with that stronger main character.

I saw "Gravity" on opening weekend, and was so overwhelmed by the visuals that I went a second time on the same weekend to absorb the rest of the film once the novelty of the visuals had worn off. I wish I had posted my comments then, because now that it's become a phenomenon, my review is just so much white noise, and to those who are determined to hate "Gravity" because it's so popular, I'll be easy to dismiss as just one more lemming.But I did love "Gravity." I thought it was an absolutely beautiful movie, a story about loss, grief and rekindled hope disguised as a simple space survival story. It affected me very deeply and moved me to tears a few times, sometimes through the strength of its message, sometimes through the wonderful performance of Sandra Bullock, and at other times from the sheer visual beauty of the film. I can understand why others wouldn't be moved by the film (one of the things I love most about cinema is the subjective reactions audiences have to it), but I can't believe that anyone who purports to love movies won't at least acknowledge the sheer technical filmmaking mastery on display in this movie.Alfonso Cuaron has vaulted to the top of my list of favorite directors on the strength of this and "Children of Men," another of his films that slugged me with an emotional punch to the gut. He's the rare director who can make us marvel at the technical achievements he's putting up on the screen even while he's touching us deeply with an emotional connection. In that way, he's a much less maudlin and sentimental version of Steven Spielberg.I'm almost disappointed that "Gravity" has become so popular, because it's the kind of movie I responded very personally to, and now it's going to be nominated for a bunch of Oscars and all we'll hear about between now and February of 2014 is how it doesn't deserve all of its acclaim.Grade: A+

I've been writing reviews for movies for so long and movies like Gravity seriously deserve my assessment, after all, it's something that happens in the Space and not on the Earth!! I agree I am late in reviewing this cinematic brilliance and probably more than half of the people who follow my Posts would have already watched the movie by now, and I am really sorry but I had other important things to do in Life, in the last 2 weeks!! Gravity is undeniably the best Space movie made at least after Aliens from the 90s. This movie literally transports you to space in every cinematic way possible. The visual effects are so brilliantly executed it makes you wonder if the Movie was actually shot in Space. The storyline which is actually a Space documentary becomes incredibly interesting purely because of the realism through IMAX 3D, the anticipation and suspense the director succeeds to build in every scene, and the great acting by the Hollywood veterans Sandra Bullock and George Clooney and I am sure they already have one of their hands on the Oscar trophy for the next Year!!I would just say that the Movie is a visual masterpiece. Yes I know everything you see on the screen is Fake and has been artificially designed through the CGI, but it never feels artificial and that's primarily because it has been completely shot in Spectacular3D. With 3D, you feel the depth of the Space and experience the movie as though you're right up there!! Please do not miss to watch Gravity in IMAX 3D (and not the regular 3D!!) and pray that you never get lost in Space, and if ever you do, then at least pray that the Satellites don't crash throwing debris towards you and if they do, then pray that the Space Stations are made Fire proof, and that the controls and manuals are printed in English, and if you are lucky till here, then pray that you land on the Land and not in the Water!! The movie deserves 8/10 from me, primarily because that was the closest I could ever get to a Space Craft, the Space Station, and the Space itself and not to mention the fear of being lost with no one around for 'light-years' far and not just miles!!

Gravity is the best film I have seen in my life.Right from the opening act, where Clooney's space walking Kowalsky & Bullock's Stone admire the beauty of the Earth from the silence of the space till the final act(I don't want to give it out), this film is an achievement of the highest order. In fact, Gravity is one of those rarest of rare cases, where Cinema takes the form of Art. Not since Avatar or more recently Ang Lee in his Life of Pi, has anyone used 3D so brilliantly that it actually transcends the dimensions of "make believe". The music score by Steven Price are to give you goosebumps. Emmanuel Lubezki's cinematography seamlessly captures the effects & the emotions on the faces of the actors & the results are the best seen in a long long time.Clooney as usual is at his cool avatar but its Bullock who is the star of Gravity. As the lonely mother who has lost her child untimely, & a first timer in space, another catastrophe is too much for her to handle, and Bullock is just brilliant in that. This is where the father son(Jonas Cuaron, what a talented guy!!) screenwriter duo step in. The journey from drifting in space with no one to help you out,hear you out to back home on earth is so masterfully crafted that yes you start rooting for them. But Gravity's ultimate brilliance lies in the fact that while we do root for our space walker/worker duo to come back home,we also think that such a glorious death might just also be just fine.But eventually do they both get back in one piece? Gravity, talks about survival, human willpower & hope like no other film since Danny Boyle's criminally under appreciated 127 Hours. Neil Armstrong had famously said after landing on the moon "one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind". Such a thing happens here in Gravity also albeit in a metaphorical manner. I have rated 10/10 stars for Alfanso Cuaron's Gravity. But how do you count the stars in space?? Mr Cuaron...this film of yours is for the history books.

When I was a little girl, I strongly remember wanting to grow up to be an astronaut. (I know, who hasn't, right?) I have been an avid watcher of as many space travel and sci-fi movies and TV series as I can, and I've even studied a few astrophysics and astronomy books, attempted to go to college. I always, and even up until recently, seriously dreamed of traveling to space myself. Before, it was simply reality, and chronic lifelong illnesses and disability since childhood that had kept me from it. But that changed when I saw 'Gravity'. Upon experiencing the most immersive film I have ever been to, feeling like I also was trapped in space, with my palms sweating, toes curling, heart pounding at the speed of light, and having many breathless moments, it was like being on an hour-long roller coaster ride through space! The best 3D effects I have ever seen, and I am urging EVERYONE I speak to, that if you have even the slightest interest in this movie, anything short of a 3D cinema experience will diminish it too greatly to excuse! You MUST go see this movie in the theater! Trying to watch it at home will ROB YOU OF THE BEST THRILL RIDE OF YOUR LIFE! Upon seeing the terrors, experiencing them myself through this movie, I no longer wish to travel to space! I feel just fine with my feet planted firmly on the ground, than you! At the very least, I thought of NOTHING ELSE while sitting in the theater, and it will help you forget the insanities of our world for a short time.If I could give it 100 stars, it would be a no-brainer! Forget those who chose to nit-pick this cosmic marvel of an experience! If you go to this movie and can think only of the scientific inaccuracies, you should be cast in the TV series 'Big Bang Theory' as Sheldon's long lost Father!

Gravity is the final movie I saw at TIFF, and it was also by far the best. Starring George Clooney, Sandra Bullock, and Ed Harris, this is a non-stop thrill ride that I have so many good things to say about. The story is about 2 astronauts who have to survive in space after having debris rash into their spaceship. Now if you think this movie will be anything like Buried or if you think nothing will happen with two people floating in space, you are wrong. So much happens in the film that it feels much longer than its short 90 minuet length.The best part of the movie is easily the cinematography. The entire movie looks amazing from start to finish. Not just amazing, but better than any movie ever, even Pacific Rim. There is also minimum cutting and there are camera shots that go for a couple minuets, which makes the film feel completely real. Also, seeing it in 3D gives you an experience beyond belief. For these reasons alone I could highly recommend you see this movie in theaters. But the reasons don't stop there. The acting is amazing, just as good as 12 Years a Slave. The writing is also great. The attention to detail is unbelievable. The plot twist are plentiful and you don't see them coming. So much happens in this movie that you will want to watch it again immediately after seeing it the first time. I've heard some people complain that the movie is too unrealistic, due to there being tons of debris flying around destroying everything but never hitting Bullock's character. Despite this fact, everything else in the movie feels entirely realistic. Also, the movie builds up tension so high to play on the audiences emotions of fear and excitement. The movie is an extremely visceral experience, so breathtaking and brilliant, it has become the best movie I've seen this year. So many parts of this movie are unbelievable, and I can't recommend this movie enough. 9.8/10 stars.

The movie had no plot really, the story was forced, everyone dies except sandra, she goes on to come back to planet earth scratch free. The images were good but even the Hubble movie had better images, this being fake should have had better ones, she's sent in space and acts as though she knows nothing and by some miracle by simply pressing random buttons and reading a handbook she learns how to drive the space-shuttle. Absolute waste of money, time, I cant believe there are people who are giving this a good review. The movie theatre I went to people were clapping, george clooney dies and all hopes of anything good from this movie is gone. I guess these days anything can sell, George and sandra don't come across as astronaut material to me.

One of my absolute favourite cinema experiences was seeing Magnificent Desolation in IMAX 3-D. Having had a long-time interest in Project Apollo, it was amazing to sit in the audience and feel like I was actually on the moon, or in the actual spacecraft involved with the lunar landings. Knowing that I was watching history come to life left me with a lump in my throat, a feeling I still get every time I put From The Earth To The Moon in my DVD player and replay Tom Hanks' 10-part mini-series, which I do on a regular basis.The visuals of Gravity in 3-D are no less stunning, and other reviewers, professional and amateur, have spoken well to them, in particular the opening 17-minute shot which leaves one feeling as if they, too, are right there, on a mission over the Earth.Unfortunately, the film quickly departs from logic. The director has admitted that science has taken a back-seat to story, and this understandable - even forgivable. I can understand a certain necessity to putting all the space stations and ships on the same orbital plane in order to tell a good story.However, there is no story here either. The director basically has opted to provide a theme - "rebirth" - and has used a space setting in order to paint this theme for the audience in sometimes subtle, sometimes broad strokes. This may appeal to the artistically minded, it will certainly clash with those, like myself, who were drawn in by the rave reviews about the technical merits of the photography.The characterization is minimal, and perhaps most disappointing given her usual brilliant performance, Bullock is used here as a 'damsel-in-distress'. We are led to believe she has been selected for astronaut training and employment as a mission specialist, but we don't get to see her in whatever element she was chosen for. Instead, we see her fumble through routine repairs, dropping tools, complaining about space-sickness, and ultimately screaming in fright, crying, confessing to the strains of single-parenthood, admitting she can't fly the re-entry modules, but managing to do so anyway, through blind luck. And thus she is "reborn".And in case you don't "get it", she floats in an airlock in a fetal position, wrapped in an umbilical cord for long, pointless seconds, as Clooney's character drifts off into the void, incommunicado, as she ensures the audience buys into the "rebirth" theme, before floating down the tunnel to make contact.It's not such a bad theme, but the actual space program is about so much more than blind luck and damsels in distress. I understand movies need to have peril and conflict - which can include inner conflict. The device here of having Clooney return was handled so abruptly, I simply assumed it was a bit of science the film-makers had simply gotten wrong, and the gasps and muttering of other audience members in the cinema suggested they felt the same way. It would have been much more satisfying to see astronauts behaving like actual astronauts, and not fretting about whether or not they had "learned how to pray" correctly.There was nothing about any (both) of these characters that made me care about them, and the fact that Bullock's survived by pushing buttons like a chimp in a food experiment actually made me a bit angry.Such excellent photography and visuals, and two brilliant actors, are wasted here on a non-story by a director who dwelled entirely on theme.

Over a decade ago, I was lucky enough to catch this movie called "Y Tu Mama Tambien" (roughly translated "...And Also Your Mother") by this up and coming Mexican director, Alfonso Cuaron. Needless to say that that movie's brilliance put Cuaron on my list of directors whose movies are a must see.Few directors names alone compel me to see a movie of theirs, but Cuaron is one of those few. Over the intervening years there has been a rebirth and resurgence of sorts in Latin American cinema, and Cuaron had a lot to do with that. Plus, Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna were really brought to the forefront by Cuaron...and that is not bad in my book!I followed Cuaron ever since and have thoroughly enjoyed his movies. Among them, "Harry Potter And The Prizoner Of Azkaban", which remains, for me at least, the best entry in the Potter franchise (I wish he had directed more of them), and the absolutely brilliant and stunning "Children Of Men".So it was with great anticipation that I went to see "Gravity". Boy, oh boy, did that anticipation ever crash and burn! I was not prepared for what transpired, and the feeling of frustration I experienced as a movie fan.Let me say at the outset, that "Gravity" is an achievement in technical and visual terms. There are some shots in there that are absolutely stunning and incredible. The film is just beautiful to look at, the effects are just as excellent and the 3D really works and is not simply an add-on as is the case in soo many other big-budget counterparts (the last movie I've seen 3D used in such an efficient manner was "Dredd")."Gravity" is nothing new under the sun story-wise. A space mission gone awry and the fight for survival which ensues in the aftermath of the catastrophic event which causes said failure. The characters are also nothing to write home about. So all in all, a formulaic tale populated with formulaic leads, yet still a compelling and interesting premise.George Clooney has a pretty limited engagement in the movie so he is NOT critical mass......and then there was Sandra Bullock. Sandra Bullock has to be one of the most mediocre and over-hyped actresses I have seen. She gets by on excuses and allowances that people make for her, which they shouldn't. Her Oscar win in "The Blind Side", though the Oscars are becoming more and more irrelevant with each passing year, was unwarranted and awarded truly more on the basis of "oh well she is America's sweetheart, paid her dues, so this is as good an opportunity as any". But I digress...I sat watching with stunned disbelief at how she managed to take apart the movie and really destroy it! Whatever Cuaron achieved as a director, was undone by Bullock's terrible, sub-par performance. This movie is proof positive that casting is truly important, and that it can make or break a film. In this case it broke it! Not only is Bullock not able to carry the movie, she diminishes it. I know this might not be the most popular take on this flick and Bullock herself, I am only writing what I felt as a movie fan while watching "Gravity". The movie literally consists of almost two hours of Sandra Bullock getting tangled, tossed around, floating and bumping into things, all accentuated by her obnoxious, whinny, nasal and anal retentive voice.If that is your cup of tea, then you'll think that the movie is the greatest thing since sliced bread! For me this film was a downer, especially considering how much I was looking forward seeing it! I can only imagine what it would have been like had another actress been cast...So, in conclusion, I gave this movie 3 out of 10, not because of Cuaron's direction, or the movie's technical and visual aspects or production values. I did so because Sandra Bullock literally killed "Gravity" with her performance!

The film is very well made, the effects are amazing, and the acting good, but what really lets it down is the inaccuracies. They are using the space shuttle, the Hubble, so you expect they would have had a NASA consultant, if they did, how could they have let this happen.I found myself screaming at the screen throughout the movie. George Clooney is joyriding an MMU, then manages to rescue Sandra Bullock even after wasting all that propellant? Sandra Bullock seems to be missing her SAFER (a smaller MMU that would have let her at the very least stop spinning and start heading back), something I expected they would have added even if they didn't exist in real life!They have moved the Hubble space telescope, the ISS and the Chinese Space station into a similar orbit, even the space shuttle can't get between the different space stations when in different orbits!They 'hang' off the iss, they have stopped moving, then he 'lets go' and falls away? impossible as they are in free fall, once they stopped moving a tiny pull would have sent them back towards it...Really this film needed a decent consultant to tweak it to feel real, as it was I didn't feel anyone was in peril it was too much of a fantasy.Worth a watch, but only once..

Father and son team Alfonso Cuarón and Jonás Cuarón wrote the screenplay (with assistance from George Clooney) and Alfonso Cuarón directed (with capable assistance from director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki) what is likely to go down in cinematic history as a shining moment of the art of the craft. It manages to tell an impossibly simple story about surviving and not surviving astronauts out in space and makes the emotions so complex that the audience is left speechless. It is a staggering achievement.Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) is a brilliant medical engineer on her first shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky (George Clooney) in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone - tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness. How eventually Stone manipulates the fragments of international spacecraft in her attempt to live is profoundly touching and extraordinarily touching.Both Bullock and Clooney offer portraits not only of the characters they portray but also the hopes and fears of us all if ever faced with surviving the impossible. This is a film that must be seen to understand and appreciate the little miracle Alfonso Cuarón has created.

A medical engineer (Sandra Bullock) and an astronaut (George Clooney) work together to survive after an accident leaves them adrift in space.Obviously, this film has garnered the attention and accolades it has because of the special effects and visually stunning design. And there is no arguing that this looks amazing, with or without the IMAX and 3D. Some have called it this year's "Life of Pi" or "Avatar" and there is plenty of truth to that.Others have been critical of its scientific accuracy, which seems odd. Sure, Bullock is not wearing "space diapers" and not everything might have behaved how it would in zero gravity situations. But this is hardly the point. The chances of anyone surviving in this scenario are basically nil, so just accept that it is fiction and give them a little bit of wiggle room to tell the story.As for the story itself, I was not terribly impressed. The themes of isolation, desperation, hopelessness and hope are all good ones, and I have to give them credit for providing a fair range for Bullock's character. Others have pointed out the spiritual symbolism, which I concede was lost on me and may be one reason I think it was not the masterpiece others have said.The praise is near-universal, with critic A. O. Scott saying that the film "in a little more than 90 minutes rewrites the rules of cinema as we have known them." How do you top that? James Cameron stated, "I think it's the best space photography ever done, I think it's the best space film ever done, and it's the movie I've been hungry to see for an awful long time." Which, coming from the leader of cutting-edge film technology, is the highest of compliments.With regard to the Academy Awards, the film earned ten nominations (tying it with "American Hustle"), many of which are in the technical categories, and it sincerely deserves to win those awards. Director Alfonso Cuaron, known for his Harry Potter film and "Y Tu Mama Tambien" among others, really went out on a limb here and should be recognized for that. He won the Golden Globe, and I think he deserves the Oscar, too. To helm such a project takes intestinal fortitude few (besides perhaps Cameron) could muster.Bullock as best actress is debatable. Although much was done by computer animation, and thus amounts to more or less voicing a cartoon, the parts she physically appeared in deserve respect and admiration. Bullock stayed in a special mechanical rig for up to ten hours a day, communicating with others only through a headset. That is dedication that was not matched by Amy Adams or Meryl Streep.Best score I could accept, though I do not feel strongly about it one way or the other. Steven Price, at age 36, is a relative newcomer, and it would be nice to see him enter the world of Hans Zimmer and John Williams. But is this his time? Lastly, best picture. And I say no. Much like Ang Lee received best director for "Life of Pi" but failed to get best picture, I think the same could be said here. The direction and cinematography are excellent, but is this a film that will resonate in years to come? I have my doubts. The emotional impact simply is not there.

Although the special effects are revolutionary the film is a little dull to be honest. It is a real time drama about a stranded astronaut, Sandra Bullock's somewhat whining character haunted by the death of her daughter. The most unfortunate thing about the special effects is that they are actually so good you fail to notice them and the zero gravity scenes become too natural. This leaves you with the basic plot and the acting. Bullock's performance is pretty much by the book plus some excessive heavy breathing. I found her heroine to be a little 2 dimensional ironically in contrast to the 3d. Its worth viewing because it's beautifully shot and is a visual treat, but it's certainly not a classic movie in my opinion.

Stunning, mesmerising, breath stealing, magnificent, (excuse the obvious pun) out of this world, quite simply one of the greatest films ever......visually. Visually. Not the best film of the month, not the best film of the year; best film in those time-lines visually? Definitely yes. The film hypnotically captures your eyes and takes them for a masterclass in special effects. Not often can i associate the word beautiful with a film, but with this, every scene draws that description. And it is one small step for special effects and one giant leap for future films to look at and study and pick at and aspire to be like (couldn't help it, sorry).Now with the deserving plaudits out the way, onto the over exaggeration. Yes it is a stunning film, but it isn't undoubtedly the best film of the year as some critics have stated; clearly jumping the gun and somersaulting onto the bandwagon. And to dismiss Oscar nominated and winning films so rapidly is a farce. In terms of UK release, we have had Django Unchained, Lincoln, Zero Dark Thirty, Man of Steel; even This is the End, Trance and Filth. These are films of the top of my head that I enjoyed more than Gravity. Now of course it is within someones opinion if they enjoyed Gravity more; but i can't see why. As i have said, visually it is hard to compete with, but in terms of acting and the story, they simply don't compete with films out previously. Sandra Bullock can be a great actress as she has shown in The Blind Side, but is there really all that much to her performance? Is there all that much you need to do in that circumstance? Now don't get me wrong, it is understandable that the process she had to go through in filming would have been tough. But in terms of emotion and versatility i found her dull. The story is stereotypical of a movie where everything goes wrong. I do hate to be judgmental of the film, but i feel the acclaim it has been constantly credited with is over the top. And the piles of praise only adds to hype and that only leads to disappointment, because it can't match the hype that has been conjured up by the hallucinating media.A great film, and worthy of the watch, but don't let the heaps of hype cannonball you onto the ever populating bandwagon that seems to be trouncing the world of films.

Gravity.I saw it on the fourth week it has been out, and I have only seen one trailer on TV for it,and it was intriguing, but like among most people, I didn't know what to expect.When I saw that George Clooney was in the trailers, I was like: "Oh, he must be the leader of the team who comes up and rescues her." Boy was I wrong! Jezus..this movie.. 18 hours later and i am still hyped up about this.And please, if you get the chance, SEE IT IN THE IMAX Holy crap I was blown away. The very first scene that showed "GRAVITY" and these low tone sounds got extremely loud and deafening and then BOOM... completely silent shot of the earth. Freaking amazing.SPOILER! I was really scared when George Clooney came back during that one scene. One of those "coincidental" happening that making this movie a happy ending was not going to help the ratings at all.The one thing that kinda sucks about this movie is that you won't get near the awesome experience that you would get in the movie theater, let alone at the IMAX.I am definitely gonna see this at least 2 more time in theaters. And of course, blu ray it in the future.

Gravity joins the lineup of noteworthy films that have skated by with a thin story on their way to showcasing technical brilliance, and I'd put it in the pantheon with Avatar, Russian Ark, Star Wars, Citizen Kane, Rope, The Thief of Bagdad, and The Jazz Singer. Like Avatar, you will need 3D & IMAX to experience the full effect. Unlike Avatar, Gravity contains substance you'll be able to appreciate on any screen.Much as been made about the technical accuracy (or lack thereof), mostly by the pedantic types who would argue that Mary Poppins really couldn't fly because the umbrella technology wasn't there yet. While I pity them for failing to enjoy this film for what it is (and wonder what they really do enjoy), I do have to concede they have a point. To illustrate I must discuss a key plot point, and insist you to read no further until you've seen the film.************************ SPOILERS BEGIN *****************************Several people have ridiculed the use of the "mysterious force" that wound up pulling Kowalski away from Stone. Of course the screenwriters didn't invent a mysterious force, they just wanted Kowalski to make a sacrifice, wanted a final moment between the two, and thought that was the best way to execute it. While watching I politely suspended my disbelief so I could enjoy the film, but it struck me later how they could have done it better.Imagine instead they are still tethered together when Stone catches her foot in the parachute lines. Kowalski is floating past and sees the tenuous hold she has. Close-up of his face, close-up of Stone's foot."I'm going to pull you off," he concludes, and he begins to unbuckle the tether."What are you doing?!" Stone asks."When this goes taut, I'll pull you off," he explains as he floats past her, just seconds left now."No," she insists, "it'll hold, don't!" "I can't take that chance," he explains, and he unbuckles. We'll never know if his theory was right, but his sacrifice is all the nobler because of it. You can still have the tense moment, you can still have their conversation as he floats away, and you haven't violated any laws of physics.So it could have been done better. But it remains important not to be one of the pedantic types. Case in point is the scene where Kowalski returns to the Soviet capsule. My thoughts during that scene were "could that really be him? ... she can't survive that decompression. this is a hallucination ... is this a hallucination? could he be back? ... yeah, i knew it was a hallucination." It is an emotional journey the filmmakers want you to take part in, and one you can't enjoy if you spend the whole time rolling your eyes, only to later come out feeling like an idiot.So relax, Francis, sit back and enjoy a cinematic moment comparable to when people heard their first THX sounder, or the debut of CinemaScope, or when Dorothy opened a door to a world of color. You can't go back to France in 1895 to experience the thrill of L'arrivée d'un train à La Ciotat and wonder if the train was going to run you over. But Gravity may be the next best thing.

If this is the first review you have read about this movie, please stop reading any further! Don't read any other reviews at all. Go into the theatre without knowing what happens. You'll enjoy it much more. It's not a predictable movie, so the surprise factor will be lost.Having started with that warning, let me get to it. This film blew me away. I left the theatre wondering whether I had just watched the best movie of all time. Almost 45,000 IMDb users have voted on this movie, and I agree with their collective wisdom this time. I'll give it a 9 for now, but I may raise my score to 10.We have reached the point where filmmakers can show us anything on the screen. Here this artistry is not wasted on trivials (eg superheroes, huge robots or monsters), but on the majesty of space, the beauty of our planet, and the wizardry of our technology up there.This is a little like watching a genuine IMAX film about space – but one that is actually gripping and not a bore. This is an action film par excellence, not a soporific documentary. There is not much dialogue. The plot is uncomplicated, and yet full of surprises. This film has you on the edge of your seat.At the same time, it felt completely realistic, although I understand some purists are pointing out the scientific mistakes. (Who really cares about that? It's a movie, for chrissakes.) The director (Alfonso Cuaron) essentially tells us the story of a huge space disaster devastating all of Earth's space infrastructure. We are shown the enormity of the disaster, with our glorious planet as the constant backdrop. The director also succeeds in making it the personal survival story of a woman caught up in this disaster.Bullock plays a remarkable character (Ryan Stone) who leaves you gasping at what is happening to her, both physically and emotionally. Space is a metaphor representing a beautiful but brutal and uncaring universe. Space is not her element, as it is for Kowalski (George Clooney). In this situation we long for the calm demeanor and competence of a Kowalski, but even he can't survive this one. She soon realises that she is on her own and no one is going to rescue her. (Surely, an important lesson to be learned?) We are alone with her in the middle of one of the greatest trials any human being could ever face. This ordeal is shown in bone-crunching detail. Physically, she is strong as hell. Emotionally, however, the situation has her swinging wildly back and forth, from idiot to competent, from victim to survivor, from despair to euphoria.The realisation that "shit happens, so deal with it" is a profound one — a moment of rebirth. Most of us never truly get it. Our only choice really is how we deal with that fact.I'd go see this movie.

In Hong Kong, the promotion of this film stated that various film critics given this film very high score, I just saw the empire magazine and it was given 5 stars (the highest). So, I was excited to go to see this film in IMAX 3D, on a Monday night show. The story is straight forward, it's an episode film to me, meaning there is only one main thing happen throughout the movie, and the director's job is to guide you through it with all the abilities he/ she can, and let you feel that it's happening to you and you are right at the center of it....and this movie done it, perfectly. From the opening to the ending scene; you are immersed into the events happen to the main character. With spectacular and stunning view of the earth and the space, you are so absorbed into it and feels like you are at space with them. I won't go into details but the story is solid and the acting from both Clooney and Bullock is good. But this is basically a one man (or should I say woman) show, as most of the time you can only see Sandra Bullock on the screen, so it puts lots of stress onto the actress, because the success of the film solely depend on her; but she did a beautiful job. One more thing, I think that this story is visually stunning, but at the same time it told about the importance of courage, to live on no matter how desperate you think you are. Because help may come from places you never expected. P.S remember to watch it in 3D!! As big as a screen you can find!

*** Caution: this contains spoilers. ***I did not see the 3-D version of this; we saw it in a regular theater, so I can't comment on the 3-D aspect.I will offer one caution for those who are prone to motion sickness: there are almost no static shots in the entire film. The entire scene is usually rotating, and on multiple axes, though rotating slowly, nothing is ever still, not even the background; if you suffer from motion sickness easily, this may be a film to skip.This film reminds me of some films involving space travel, particularly the spacewalking scene in "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1968), "Marooned" (1969), and "Apollo 13" (1995), all of which depict a crisis situation in outer space.It also reminds me of single-person survival story films such as "The Naked Prey" (1966), "And I Alone Survived" (1978), "Cast Away" (2000), "127 Hours" (2010) and the book "Adrift: 76 Days Lost at Sea." Each one depicts a person dealing with an unexpected life-and-death situation using their own wits."Gravity" beats them all in the visual depiction of spacewalking and the views of Earth from space. The special effects are realistic and convincing. The shot that included the aurora borealis was stunning. Expect this film to be nominated for awards in cinematography, editing and visual effects - all well-deserved.Where it lost points with me was with the scenario and script, and the overall believability. *** Spoiler warning again. Spoilers follow. ****There isn't much expository information of why they are up there in the first place. Yes, to fix the Hubble telescope or whatever it was. But they seem to work carelessly and the character played by George Clooney seems to be like a 5-year-old on vacation, joking and wasting fuel by flying around aimlessly. I would expect astronauts in space to be more serious about their work - certainly during rest periods they can laugh and joke around, but at work I would expect them to be far more serious considering those conditions.Even when a crisis happens, Clooney's character never really quits the jokes and even flirtations in the face of life-threatening conditions. I would expect a professional astronaut to be more serious, especially during a crisis period. Oh come on man, you're in grave danger and you're still flirting and joking?The scenario that creates the crisis is a little hard to buy, but accepting it on face value, it's plausible. What I found hard to believe is that it didn't immediately become an international emergency; even though radio contact with Houston was lost there were apparently no other attempts to re-establish communication. It seemed like the world didn't care what happened to the astronauts and they were truly on their own. I remember the Apollo 13 crisis when it actually happened, and the world was worried and many people praying for their safe return. I found it hard to believe that there was little to no attempt at communication from the ground.I also found it hard to believe that Sandra Bullock's character actually could survive such a series of mishaps and disasters. Any one of them could have easily resulted in the character's death, yet she escapes them all, without even much damage to her hair and makeup. I'm happy for the character she made it through all that but it still seems incredibly far-fetched.The reappearance of George Clooney's character dropped the believability factor down to zero. It didn't even help to realize that it was just a dream sequence. How would he be able to tell her what to do with the landing thrusters in a dream? What would have been more believable would be if he were to get into radio contact with her again, even just for a minute or two, to tell her what to do about the landing thrusters. That I could have bought as just a lucky break for her. The dream sequence seemed like a gimmick.The re-entry into the atmosphere and the convenient water landing (and her unlikely escape from the flooded craft) rather than a rough landing on land, with her final ability to just walk away from the whole thing also strained credibility. But hey, when it's your day it's your day.I did like Sandra Bullock's work throughout the film and her feeling of being happy to be back on solid ground again was palpable. And Clooney did the best he could with the poorly-written role. Two Oscar-winning, A-list actors did the best they could do given a flawed story and script. The cinematography and special effects, though, are the real star of this film.

Let me start by disclaiming "spoiler free" - I assume you have seen a preview or read at least enough to know the most basic premise of the film. If you truly have no idea what it's about, well, I make references to content used in the trailers. But seriously, if this does describe you, why are you on IMDb and reading a review at all? The Good: * Beautiful, amazing, breathtakingly phenomenal cinematography. I honestly feel closer to having an idea of what being in space might be like as a result of the way this was shot. * Solid acting. I felt the characters were genuine, and Clooney/Bullock fit their roles quite well - in fact I'm surprised at any negativity toward the acting. * Suspenseful. Cuaron did a great job keeping the audience on the edge of their seat, and had a solid balance between slowly built, drawn out sequences and other "gotcha" kind of moments. * Dialogue and characters. Great blends of comic and serious, deep and light, etc moments. Very well put together from that end. The Bad: * Repetitive events. You know that scene in the preview where someone is grabbing on to some space ship part for dear life, and it appears that if they miss it they will be lost in space forever? Yeah, I've now seen that moment a few dozen times, to the point where I'd predict a Gravity Drinking Game around it. It's just too much, and while I get it that that's a big part of the premise, it becomes nearly comical after the first few times it occurs. * Too many crises. If you've read the trivia around Apollo 13, you've probably noticed they deliberately removed some of the events that transpired in real life from the film, mostly because they didn't think the audience would find it believable. In Gravity, I felt that the cascading series of mishaps were just too many from start to finish. I think numerous moments could've been reduced or removed completely and the end result would've been more gripping. Instead, I kept getting that feeling where my suspension of disbelief was being taxed. * Too many "last possible moment" sequences. To avoid spoiling anything, just imagine a caper movie where the bomb is set to go off, and after a ton of action, the bomb is defused with less than a second to go. Now do it 3 or more (I've lost count) times in the same movie. It certainly builds up tension, but also increased the "okay, now they are just messing with me" effect. * The trailer. While I'd say it's a tossup between Drive and Hancock as to "worst expectation setting for a movie, EVER," I'd say Gravity's trailer is on thin ice. If you've paid too much attention to it, it's pretty ridden with spoilers (thankfully I had not seen it more than once before going into the movie). But if you also just saw it once or twice, you'd probably be thinking it's a non-stop space action flick. It isn't, and if you are unfamiliar with the director's other works, you should definitely pay them some attention first. The movie paces really well actually, but it's a much more drawn-out film than I think a lot of people will expect. * Annoying 3D. I wish I'd seen the IMAX 3D version, maybe that would change my feelings here. As it is, I didn't, and other than 2-3 "really cool" uses of 3D, it was pretty superfluous to the movie. Overall, I have negative feeling about it. Per the above, it was wonderfully put together, but ultimately I felt the movie spent more time trying to manipulate me with unnecessary tension. I think the basic premise was suspenseful and dramatic enough, but had several too many "and now we'll find a way for *another* crazy bad thing to happen" moments for me. I wish that weren't the case, as I really did want to like it. Assuming you'll ignore this - my only advice is to definitely see it in the theaters, in IMAX if you can.

The best drama I've seen this year is Mud and I'd say that the best sci-fi this year would have to be Gravity. I make that analogy because these are really pure manifestations of my understanding of drama and sci-fi genres respectively.Also, seeing this movie in 3D was the first time that I was not completely distracted. It reminded me more of stereo documentary footage in Los Angeles where the Endeavor space shuttle resides. Wonderfully realistic until you finish watching the whole thing and think about the storyline.You think: This is all unbelievable! None of this could have really happened. -But you fooled me the whole way.Lastly, Sandra Bullock gives a beautiful performance. There are so many scenes I love. It's not about the dialogue because it's predictable and simple. Its just about the choreography and performance. A perfect duet between Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. I love them both.

Let me start by saying that I did not have an interest in seeing this film prior to having a discussion with my coworker about how I don't go to the movies as often anymore because the tickets are so incredibly expensive. Said coworker talked me in to spending the $11.50 for an evening student ticket by telling me that the movie was, "made for my eyes." Admittedly the original reason for going was more so the intrigue of gaining insight as to what type of film my coworker thought suited me so well. The first five minutes were a little slow for me. I groaned inwardly at the opening scene predicting that the movie was going to rely solely on stunning visual effects, and come out lacking in significant content. Starting minute six I was genuinely amazed. It's true the movie does contain some splendid digital effects portraying earth as a luminescent orb, hovering nearby with a somewhat omniscient presence; however, I can assure the movie does not rely on this alone. This review does not contain spoilers, so I will merely state that as a film deserves every bit of hype it's getting from critics and fans alike. Sandra Bullock gives a stunning performance, I found it to be raw and charged with the exact type of nerve required for the role. The movie is full of symbolism (for any fellow lit geeks out there), and touches on some really important struggles we all face on an individual level, such as letting go of the past and not allowing it to hold us back. It has a satisfying ending, I think it can be stated confidently that the ending is in fact perfect for the scenario.All of this being said, I would like to address some criticism I have read on the film. First of all, the movie does have quite a long run time. It could be a bit shorter, but this small fact in no way holds it back from being a great film (and more importantly a great story). Secondly, there are events that transpire that break the laws of physics like a baseball bat to an old car window. One of the most important skills we can have as viewers is to learn that suspending our disbelief will ultimately lead to our ability to appreciate a good story and film for what it truly is. Realistically, a good majority of films released these days have elements that could no way happen in real life. If you get hung up on things like that you won't every be able to enjoy a good movie. The movie deserves the nominations it has received, and I think deserves to win them as well. Thank you for reading, I strongly recommend going to see it!

When I first read about this movie, I laughed. Sandra Bullock and George Clooney in space. A barely existent plot. I decided that I wanted to check it out, as a movie-fan, I wanted to at least see how bad I thought it would be.The movie was slightly better than I expected - mainly the elements of tension it occasionally stirred up - but the flaws were overwhelming. I cannot see how people can praise this film. There are so many problems!! And I'll forget the endless plot-holes because one could dedicate an essay to that subject alone.The camera-work was at times busy, but a lot seemed random and seemed to only occur during a bad event - as if to emphasize the suspense due to the lack of any meaningful dialogue or acting; just Sandra Bullock comfortably floating through a space-station (that is being ripped apart by shrapnel), in her underwear, no apparent fear for what could happen...Her acting is just.. there. The character development is ridiculous, as it is a dream that essentially turns Bullock from timid to heroic. When the crap started hitting the fan, the CGI looked okay, but it didn't look real. The problem was that it was supposed to look real. I'm not sure what planet they were orbiting either, but it doesn't look like any Earth I have seen a picture of. Perhaps I was hallucinating.Not much else can be said... There are only two characters, and Clooney makes Bullock look amateur by turning himself into the macho and arrogant, but with a soft heart, lieutenant, without even trying. Compare this to say... his performance in BURN AFTER READING. He was just going through the motions. And for someone lost in space, Bullock was amazingly bland. The silly story and script didn't help her either: 'Sh!t!', 'Sh!t!", 'Ugh, this damn thing!', 'Ugh, I hate space'.Amazingly horrid dialogue, juvenile and extremely typical of Hollywood. This movie was quite clearly a pretty-looking cash-grab and nothing more, and it paid off... if you take any notice of what 'The Awards Season' recognises that is.3/10 is being generous, but it was better than I went in expecting. So there's that.

I really don't get why this film has rave reviews. OK there are some neat special effects and a few head-spinning moments but.... I was expecting to be blown away, instead i spent most of the film irritated by Bullocks' character and annoyed by how much of the storyline has been borrowed from films like Apollo 13. The ending was all too predictable and left me thinking this was a wasted opportunity to to let the audience walk away with questions to answer rather than a neat wrap up. Massively disappointed. Perhaps if i watched it purely for the visual effects i would feel differently but i was hoping to be engaged on other levels as well.

OK, so I'm supposed to be working right now, but I'm in one of those funky-ass, quasi-writer's-block ruts where I've written one of my characters into a corner, and now can't decide whether to solve the problem or just scrap 8 minutes of screen time.Until I do, here's a few quick thoughts about "Gravity," which my girlfriend and I went and saw on a day date yesterday afternoon. I'm not writing this to be read by anybody, mind you. Rather, it's my attempt to distract myself by writing something entirely unrelated to my script, in the hopes a solution to my problem pops up when I'm not thinking about it. Feel free to adopt this perspective in your own situation the next time your boss tells you you're screwing around. You're welcome.So, Gravity. Yeah. WOW. I suppose the simplest way to sum up this film is to say it is indeed, a truly new experience. In his autobiography, Charlie Chaplin recalled when he first saw Lumière's "Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat" (1895), which simply showed a steam engine approaching a station. To him, and millions, it was magic. Such is the case here with what I refer to as director Alfonso Cuaron's cinematic "Thriller," a singular evolution of storytelling that he (or anyone else, for that matter) is exceedingly unlikely to repeat in my lifetime.Story-wise, though, "Gravity" is just your typical survival film which has been made aplenty, though, the elements are different in this setting with only a few broken spacecrafts and endless deep space. Survival films like "Gravity" are almost like one-off events, something that everyone should see at least once, but don't often stand the test of time. The allure of a movie like "127 Hours" was to see how James Franco would cut off his arm, but can anyone remember the rest of the movie? And does anyone care to? Fortunately, "Gravity" does have more going for it than most survival films, which primarily, is the various layers of fear: the fear of the unfamiliarity of space, the obvious fear of time, and finally the fear of not just dying but the question of how will your end come? A question I'm dealing with now in this unconscionable bitch of a script I'm trying to finish, I should add.But more importantly, if you're anything like the film homer I am, "Gravity" is much more than a formulaic story of survival; it is an exquisite work of visual art. Unlike the 3-D technology so overly-hyped in "Avatar," the fact that the screen is so lacking in clutter and action only serves to immerse you in the film. Such was the promise of 3-D IMAX years ago, finally fulfilled here. The 3-D is so seamless and natural, there were moments when I had to remove my glasses for a moment, if for nothing else than to confirm that yes, a 3-D camera angle of a girl in a lake, shot from water level, is frighteningly realistic."Frighteningly realistic." That would also sum up this film, were it not for the fact that a mere moment after walking out of the theater, I was overcome with such emotion, I cried. As of this minute, I still have no concrete explanation for my reaction, except to speculate that while "Gravity" is by no means as great a film as "Citizen Kane," "Casablanca" or "To Kill A Mockingbird" (my favorite movie of all time), it is arguably the most beautiful cinematic experience I've ever been fortunate enough to have.One last thing, I promise. Perhaps the most ironic (and tragic?) aspect of Cuaron's game-changing achievement is that part of what makes "Gravity" so singularly wonderful is precisely why it isn't likely to find much success once the IMAX well has run dry: I, for one, will never deign to see this film in any venue smaller than six stories. That'd be akin to going to the stadium to see your team play Game 7 of the World Series, only to sit in your car and listen to it on the radio.See this, but only as it was meant to be seen.OK, now back to work before the Hammer comes out here and tears me a new one.

I just read this movie could land up to 9 Oscar nominations. WTF!!!!I honestly do not understand what all the hype is about. Yes it was visually stunning but the plot was predictable. Stunning visuals alone does not mean a movie deserves Oscar glory.Sandra Bullock was not the right person for the roll. The whole movie was basically her going "AHH AHH AHH". I lost interest within half an hour of watching it.There was no build up either. It was obvious she would make it back to earth alive. The reaction from the audience at the cinema was the same as mine. Flat.

I was super excited when I heard I got tickets to see this at a free 3-D screening. I am a huge sci-fi fan and I love movies that take place in space. I went in expecting what I had read in other reviews, a great sci-fi thriller. I guess I did not see the same movie as them. I saw a movie with almost nothing to go on except Sandra Bullocks emotions. It relies way too much on the viewer putting themselves in her shoes. She is an incredible actress but just showing her getting emotional and freaking out for an hour and a half is not a good movie. You barely learn anything about the characters. The ending is predictable. The only thing this movie has going for it is the visuals and the sound. The view of Earth and the shuttles and stations look great. This could have been a much better movie. I get that they were probably trying to make it very claustrophobic and wanted you to ride the same stressful and emotional roller coaster as Bullock but it's hard to do when you're sitting in a comfy chair on Earth and barely know a thing about her character. Don't expect an action packed thriller or even a smart sci-fi that makes you think and you might like it. Really, this movie is barely sci-fi. I'm glad I did not pay to see this.Bottom line: Fairly predictable, boring way too often, looks great.

If Oscars were being handed out for movies being intense then Gravity would get the award and then some. Many of the moments throughout the movie were intense for the viewer and there was always a sense of peril that cast a long shadow over what was going on and in all circumstances (with the exception of the finale) the outcome was catastrophic. I was barely able to breathe; I was having difficulty holding on to my chair and digesting the material as it was being delivered. This is Hollywood and because of the $174,919,886 domestic total (boxofficemojo.com 10/23/2013 @ 10:01 PM MST) as well as general critical response there exists a sentiment of a job well done. But for me, being the harsh sci-fi critic that I am, I have to grade fairly and there were quite a few things that I saw that I stand resolved on - they were just not right. First, there is a scene when Ryan is talking into a radio (blindly trying to send a message to mission control) where the camera is clearly set in space looking into her capsule and we still hear the muffled voice of Ryan as though she were sitting in a chamber that was not within a vacuum. In a vacuum, even if your ear is pressed up against the module and someone on the inside is speaking you won't hear a muffled voice or anything for that matter – because there is no atmosphere in space there is no medium for sound to travel in. Next I thought it was a difficult pill to swallow when Matt Kowalski unhooked himself from the tether that was connected to Ryan; there was a physical system in play here and the system was at rest. Because they were in space and neither person was moving and no objects were exerting force on either object (and because there could be no inertia in a system at rest in an environment without gravity) there could be no force pushing Matt Kowalski away from Ryan Stone – all Matt had to do was tug at the tether and he would have traveled toward the space station. Were these people really astronauts? My next issue was that I thought it was strangely convenient that the space shuttle Explorer was conveniently close enough to the international space station to make a spacewalk using a thruster pack look like a walk in the park. Kowalski had to use the packs power during their spacewalk (which was almost at an end before tragedy struck), he had to use the packs power again to rescue Ryan Stone, again to get back to the destroyed space shuttle and again to get to the space station. I cannot begin to imagine what 29th century technology had been used to create this device or what Marvin the Martian cartoon it came from. The debris field that orbits the earth every 90 minutes was also something that I took issue with. Please reference the 7:49 through the 10:00 minute marks in "How the Universe Works" (Netflix, Season 1 episode 7: Alien Solar Systems) Here we see that a process called accretion (with a recorded experiment at the real ISS test environment) accounts for the construction of planetary bodies. This process starts small and takes a long time. Dust particles and rocks and other debris that collide end up sticking together and do not fly apart (or through objects) as they do in Gravity. So when the debris hits the shuttle or the space station or the telescope or astronauts, while potentially damaging, would not fly through it (as we could see from when Matt and Ryan are looking at their dead spacewalker friends head and seeing the Earth below) This bothered the hell out of me. My next issue was that Dr. Ryan Stone did not seem to be a genuine character to me. She was talking "blindly" to mission control and giving her "go big or go home" speech and I was simply not convinced or impressed. I think she was trying to be emotional and trying to look flustered but at the same time she gave the impression that she knew she was making a film and contending for an award and seemed to be overacting. I also think I figured out why they are claiming that this film is science fiction and I think it is inflammatory. The Chinese Space station that Ryan was able to eventually escape to does not yet exist and won't be built until the year 2020 (source: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_space_station) It is my opinion that the existence of this space station indicates that the film is not contemporary but slightly in the future and that indeed means that this is sci-fi. (i.e. speculative existence of this space station) This of course flies in the face of all the inaccuracies with regards to physics and how special bodies behave when they collide – this also requires suspension of disbelief and is "fantastic" and therefore could potentially also qualify this film as sci-fi. While I do overlook some inaccuracies in sci-fi movies – most notably the sounds that ships make when they are flying through the vacuum of space (because this is generally not critical to plot or story) – there were too many issues here. The issues with physics were I think critical to plot and progression of the story and the inaccuracies ruined the experience for me. I apologize to everyone who liked this film – I think that it is great that such a work is considered by so many to be moving and intense but unfortunately this movie will get no high marks from me. I want science fiction that is grounded in current human progression of a physical understanding of the universe. Cuarón would have done well to study up before he made this movie if he wanted universal appreciation from everyone.-SciFiMan

This movie was simply awful. The only redeeming aspects of this movie was the CG and some of the cinematography.It lacked story, character development, and basically everything else that goes into making what generally qualifies as a great movie. Gravity was just an excuse to naturally take advantage of 3D where as other movies have 'forced' 3D moments that are out of place. In space though, almost any moment can be made into a 3D moment and feel natural. Also, if your easily nauseated you'll want to sit this one out or sit at the very rear of the theater. The constant spinning of objects, people, and camera shots will make you sick.After seeing the trailer to this film, I had no intentions of spending my hard earned money to go see this. My girlfriend decided she wanted to go because her brother said it was an amazing film and she would pay if I went with her. So of course I went like a schmuck and figured with low expectations the film couldn't get any worse. I was wrong. I constantly found myself looking at the remaining time. Even she apologized for taking me to the film and said she would never trust her brother again.If your a Bullock/Clooney/CG/3D nut, then this movie was meant for you. Outside of that, this film lacks everything that makes a film great or worthy of such reviews/ratings its currently receiving. At most I'd say this film was in the 6ish range but gave it a 1 simply to curve all these phony ratings.

GRAVITY, Alfonso Cuaron's 2nd sci-fi undertaking, is a masterpiece. Beautifully realized, fantastically acted and housing the most spectacular special effects ever witnessed on film, it is a triumph in the utmost sense.Let me start by saying this is the most gorgeous film, on a technical level, EVER. Never have you seen something with this level of awe and spectacle. Not once do you doubt the cold depths of space and the mechanized behemoths that our heroes trek across in the 90-minute run time. It's this believability that adds to the dread and overall experience. You will feel completely exhausted by the time the credits roll, both emotionally and mentally. Not because there is any real thinking to do, but because you feel you're right there, in the suit, as helpless and lost as our struggling protagonists. You are part of the movie, and this is magnified perfectly by the best-used 3D EVER. This is one of the first times, other than Life of Pi and Avatar, that I insist you see a film in 3D. It wouldn't be the same mind-blowing experience without it.Sandra Bullock, and I never thought I would say this (since she is one of my least favorite actresses of all time), is absolutely perfect as Dr. Ryan Stone. I will be completely shocked if I don't see her name in the best actress category at the Oscars and, unlike her undeserving win for the Blind Side, she deserves the spot. This is possibly her best performance EVER. In fact, I'll be routing for her. George Clooney doesn't give a lot of presence to the film, but I think that's an ideal choice in lending poise and power to Bullocks stellar performance (no pun intended).This is one of the greatest science fiction films of the past, well, EVER. I know I've been throwing the word around a lot, but I don't often use it so freely. It's one of those rare cases, and I mean very rare, where every aspect of a film deserves the magic word at the end. Most technically beautiful film EVER? Check. One of the most intense and believable films EVER? Roger. The best film of the year and possibly EVER? Copy Houston, and luckily, we don't have any problems.2 Cox Up! WAY UP!

This film is utter tripe. From what I can gather it has achieved success because of 2 factors: 1. It has a "deep" story about a woman regaining the will to live 2. It has some good 3D effects.To address the second first, if a film cannot stand without its effects, it is not a good film.The second point might be true, but it is utterly lost in the physical nonsense and painfully fabricated situations.Synopsis of the film below:Several astronauts on a spacewalk.Unlukily, the Russians shoot down a satellite, which causes a Flying Cloud of Debris.Luckily, it's no concern.Unluckily, it escalates and becomes a concern.Luckily, they finish what they are working on and start to evacuate.Unluckily, the Cloud destroys Everything In Space.Luckily, the pretty one and the handsome one survive.Unluckily, everyone else dies.Luckily, the ISS is just over there, and the handsome one has a jet-pack.Unluckily, the pretty one is running out of oxygen.Luckily, the handsome one has plenty.Unluckily, he runs out of fuel just as they arrive.Luckily, the pretty one catches the ISS on the way past.Unluckily, she lets go of the handsome one, so he dies.Luckily, she gets into the station just as her oxygen runs out.Unluckily, it goes on fire.Luckily, she escapes in the remaining pod.Unluckily, it's tangled with the ISS.Luckily, she cuts it free.Unluckily, the Cloud of Death comes back.Luckily, she gets away as the ISS explodes behind her.Double luckily, there's another space station which she can easily get to. Magic!Unluckily, the pod is out of fuel.Luckily, the handsome one comes back in a hallucination to tell her how about some other fuel.Unluckily, when she gets to the Chinese station, it's re-entering.Luckily, she gets into the escape pod just in time.Unluckily, it's all in Chinese.Luckily, she presses a few buttons and it returns her safely to Earth.Unluckily, it sinks in the sea.Luckily, she gets out.The end.If you want a film about astronauts overcoming serious disaster in space, watch Apollo 13. It is more gripping, and true, so it actually makes some sense.

I noticed that one reviewer gave this film a score of 1. I just don't get this, as "Gravity" is one of the most creative and visually striking films I've ever seen. The only film that reminds me of it, somewhat, is "Avatar"--where an entire world is created digitally--much like in "Gravity". However, "Gravity" is very much unlike "Avatar" is most every other way and represents an interesting 'what if' scenario in this near-future sci-fi film.The date in which the film is set is uncertain but is sometime in the near future. In this near future, the International Space Station is still in use, the Chinese Space Station is up and running and the Americans once again have a shuttle program.The film begins with an American space mission in progress. A scientist (Sandra Bullock) is working on fixing her pet space project while being overseen by an experienced astronaut (George Clooney). Without warning, a series of explosions emanating from a Russian satellite create a chain effect--launching space debris everywhere and destroying the shuttle and severely damaging the two nearby space stations. Unfortunately, at this point only the two astronauts are left alive--but not for long unless truly extraordinary events take place that allow them to return to Earth.I was worried that I'd find the film boring. After all, 13 minutes into the movie, you are left with two living characters--and you see no others for the duration of the film. Yet, inexplicably, the script and direction keep the film from being dull. There are no lulls--and the action and acting really work well together and suck you into the film. I have rarely felt as tense as I did as I watched the movie and many times I found myself moving about in my seat along with the action.Technically, the film was amazing. Using the actors' faces, a CG world was created that looked real. You really felt that it was filmed in space and the physics were really awesome. I rarely use words like 'awesome' or 'amazing' in my reviews--but this IS the only way to describe the technical prowess of the film. While I am sure physicists and rocket scientists could spot a few flaws here and there, the film makes it all seem so plausible and real that I cannot help but admire and love the film.Do yourself a favor--see this film and try to see it on the big screen.

This movie bored me to tears so it deserves a 1 score, i fell asleep it was so boring, but i was happy to snooze as this film was so bad i did not think i need to stay awake to get my moneys worth.I use this site and always check the rating before parting with cash to go to the cinema as its quite an expensive affair IE 3d and imax. So i thought it must be good with a score of 8.5. After seeing the movie and how bad it is, i think someone has hacked this website and adjusted the score. Something is badly wrong with the world if people think this movie was good.This is my first ever review, i have been using this site for years, i just felt it my duty to save people from wasting there money. Basically you could condense it into a 30 min mediocre movie and be less bored, but they stretch it out with scenes of people floating about in space, it reeks of stretching the film out to the 90 min minimum.There was a few good bits but nothing to make up for the rest of the dreadful film.I really am baffled by the 8.5 score. The people leaving the cinema at the same time did not seem that impressed, it was like, what the hell did i just watch, it should have been good.I think the movie company has gave the website owners a bung to improve profits.

I've just returned from a 4DX screening (moving seats, artificial wind, etc.), and my childhood dream has come true: I have spacewalked! I studied to be a physicist, I love sci-fi and I did have an idea about the challenges you face as an astronaut - as space is really hostile towards life (your oxygen running out, pressure to be kept, micrometeorites, lack of gravity and it's consequences). Once I heard about the movie's basic setup, 2 astronauts bound to each other after a space accident, I knew what problems they would be facing: the loneliness, the tiny chance for survival, no room for mistakes, but room for heroics, emotions and sacrifice. I thought it's a fantastic setup for a movie-maker to exploit.Well, let me tell you: I got much more than I expected!The visuals rip you right out of your comfort-zone on Earth, where you always know where up/down/left/right is. The enormous speed differences in flying objects and you, the fact that you can just drift away with nothing to hold on makes you re-think the rules you are used to.I've really loved how the story actually gives a great physics education to the audience about how things are in space, without explicitly saying so (great for kids). All this with such incredible visuals that you simply cannot avoid being IN the suit, IN the story, being thrown around, fearing for YOUR life.Sandra Bullock and George Clooney don't let us down with their acting. Clooney is not one bit less than we are used to, but Bullock, she gives as Oscar-worthy performance. In most scenes she is alone, and has to carry the movie along alone - a demanding task – but she does with such emotional expression that makes this probably her best film.I dare to say there's actually a third actor: Earth itself. You've never seen it's face like this before, in so many colors, during the day and at night, and you get a special rare view of something too - I let you find that out in the theatre...Ladies: even if you are totally uninterested in space-movies, this one will keep you on the edge of your seat, and will give you the emotional catharsis you might expect from a really outstanding movie. Just go.Finally: there's a twist waiting for you at the end, only there you will fully understand the title: Gravity!

For me, this is a profound film because of its simplicity in expressing that it is necessary to face oneself alone in order to experience the amazing connection that we have with each other and everything else in the universe, or life itself. Aside from the CGI, if you have experienced this facing yourself, you can't not appreciate this film.Most of the negative criticism of the film has been that the story is full of clichés. Or that the CGI was off, or that the story is simply too simple. I remember living in Chile in 1963 and as a 15-year-old watching Fellini's 8 1/2. I nodded off. If someone had asked me then, I probably would have responded that it was boring, that I did not know what it meant. This film has something in common with Fellini, it's just more personal, and dare I say it, just as universal in its comment on being alive and human.The tell here is that few comments I've read mentioned "corny." In 1969 I was being asked to go to Vietnam. I could not do this. My father in his kindness paid $400 to retain a lawyer to advise me on what was involved in being a conscientious objector, and that was what I pursued. This involved writing an essay for the draft board to state for them why I could not do this. That experience resulted in some 17 pages from examining myself, going to the guts, spirit, soul, and was literally facing myself, looking in the mirror, and the most terrifying experience I've had in my life.I am 66, have a wife, son, two grandkids. Viewed many films, read many books, experienced some stuff that might challenge anyone's imagination. But a child might know what this story is about.It is not pleasant to be alone, at least for most of us, simply because we are connected with everyone and everything else. If we were not, there would be no responsibility and life would be ultimately boring.I've seen films from the Angry Red Planet through 2001 to this one. I've watched the NASA videos, and so it is curious to me that some criticize the CGI.The greatness of this story is that it is about you, about me. It is about what-if, and most about what now. You are there. You are going to die. What will you do with your time, whether hours or minutes, or seconds.Space is a vacuum. Emptiness. I am certain that many of you have experienced this vacuum right here on the planet. What a wonderful thing that, in this story, some one of us who is a kind person with a good heart might experience the same thing and survive. Provides a bit of hope.Greg McCormick Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Is it beautiful? Yes. Is the sound incredible? Absolutely. Is it scientifically accurate? ... Sort of. At least in parts. Is it a good movie? Meh.Sandra Bullock's character is the most unbelievable of characters. She is in space, meaning NASA cleared her to be there and yet she has no idea how to do anything. Her knowledge, or lack there of, is so limited that I would wager that the audience could have handled themselves better in her situation. I think it really hit home during the fire scene. Why... oh why wouldn't you vent the oxygen? hell, seal that pod off and let it die out. Anything would have been smarter than panicking and trying to put it out like it's an apartment fire. She even forgets Newton's laws... and she is an astronaut, remember? What an idiot. Pretty sure every space agency has a detailed procedure for fires. Not in the Gravity universe though, nope we just rely on fire extinguishers and frail, untrained, astronauts.Let's not mention the space cowboy played by Clooney and his hair-brained idea of physics. He didn't have to die at all, though I can't say I am upset that he did. Both he and Bullock were stationary and shared the same orbital velocity, there was no reason for his weight to add any stress to Bullock nor for Bullock to go flying off in response to some unknown magical force. That whole scene made zero sense.I won't even go into detail on why they couldn't have gotten to the Hubble nor the Chinese space station. No amount of fuel that they could have possibly attained could get them to either of those from the ISS. A quick Google search for "problems with Gravity the movie" will bring you all the info you need. I won't bother with this because, to me, I can suspend disbelief enough for that, if it were the only stretch...OK so beyond stupid characters, gaping plot holes, and inability to suspend disbelief, we have to deal with the fact that the theme of the movie is cliché' and worse, it is delivered in a terribly boring, albeit beautiful, way. This movie was incredibly repetitive and practically beat you over the head with it's constant "birth" imagery. The scene with Ryan in the fetal position floating in her "womb," complete with an umbilical cord, made me literally laugh out loud. Subtlety was, apparently, not the goal here. We get it, will to survive, rebirth, parallels to biological equivalents, blah blah blah. It is still an overdone theme displayed in an uncreative, boring way. Let's not forget the religious undertones; had to throw those in, didn't we? Garbage. None of it was original and none of it was even displayed in an original manner.In short, what Hollywood and critics have deemed to be the greatest Sci-Fi epic of our time is, to me, the biggest bore in the genre since Clooney's Solaris. Watch it for the visual feast, it is gorgeous, watch it for the amazing sound editing and score- they're phenomenal! Watch it for the realistic display of many physics concepts... sometimes... but don't watch it if you want to see an entertaining, thought-provoking, Sci-Fi film. It isn't any of that.

This film is the biggest load of rubbish I have seen in years. A dreadful, boring, waste of your life.Bullock was in her usual 'acting' mode of grunting and squeaking, except this time she adds hyperventilation as well. We spent much of the movie yelling at her to shut up. Clooney's role is minute, which coincidentally is about as much time he spent acting. He must have bribed the awards judges because there is nothing to commend this film.The music score is pretentious and intrusive. Special effects are run of the mill, seen it all before.We had great hopes Bullock would drown at the end of the film. Then we relished the idea of her stuck in t-shirt and shorts in Siberia, or wherever she came down.

Some films (Castaway, 127 Hours) have a simple premise, a basic tale of survival, devoid of large casts and complicated plot lines. Co-written with his son Jonás Cuarón, director and co-writer Alfonso Cuarón (Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Y Tu Mamá También) has combined state of the art technology and remarkable acting by Sandra Bullock in a spectacular, tension-filled adventure, Gravity.American astronauts Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) and Matt Kowalski (George Clooney), work on repairs to the Hubble space telescope as news of a nearby Russian satellite explosion is reported. The quiet serenity is suddenly displaced by hurtling debris that decimates the repair mission and causes great damage to the telescope and more. Caught up in a life threatening disaster and stranded in space without any hope of rescue, the two must improvise and utilize survival skills to survive under impossible circumstances. As hope fades and oxygen running low, the astronauts must make difficult choices to make it home alive. Caurón successfully conveys the emptiness and vastness of space and how isolated it can be. What is remarkable is that this film could not have been made so convincingly until now because of recent technological developments. Even director James Cameron (Avatar), who was consulted early on, championed the film's ambitions for space realism that was years in the making. A ground breaking achievement in visual effects, not since Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Apollo 13 has a film so realistically depicted space travel. Even the realistic use of sound or lack of it enhances the authenticity. Great care and research obviously went into the production. The film boldly starts with a continuous panning shot for thirteen minutes with nary a cut. When was the last time a major Hollywood film did that? There are some remarkable shots in space like the one instance where Bullock is in a womb-like position which acts as a metaphor of life. Gravity deserves to be seen in 3D (perhaps the best 3D film since Avatar) which opens up the magnitude of the visual effects. When did any 3D film show a person's tears? This one does. The realism and emptiness of space will be hard to match so convincingly in future films. Cuarón establishes a basic premise and creates a major conflict while continually upping the ante of impending danger. The suspense is palpable as we feel as if we are there with Bullock and must figure a way to first get out of harm's way and then to go home to earth. The one film this reminds you of is Marooned. This is Bullock's (The Blind Side) show all the way as you feel her fears amid every threat; she is in virtually every shot. We learn to understand her feelings and get a glimpse into her past about her regrets in life. Paradoxically, space becomes a place to escape her past or prove to be her death. One major theme for her character is learning to let go whether it be a painful past memory or letting go of something in the here and now. It's about finding a reason to live and finding a deeply personal redemption under the most trying circumstances. Clooney lends strong support as her veteran colleague and voice of reason who offers instructions and calm amid tragedy. You will never guess who voices mission control, but here's a hint- see Apollo 13.Sure, despite convenient coincidences that facilitate some plot points and a couple situations that are a bit hard to believe, Bullock sells it with her conviction and desperation; you buy into the situation regardless even if it may be hallucination or a dream. What should be noteworthy is the fact that Gravity is rated PG in an era when PG13 and R rated major releases dominate the marketplace. And it runs a lean 90 minutes. How such a simple tale of survival and hope becomes not only totally engaging but such a compelling, landmark work of cinema is the lasting legacy of Gravity.

Every once in awhile a movie comes along that reminds you to believe in possibility. 3D film was developed so that visionary filmmakers like Alfonso Cuarón could make movies like Gravity. Quite simply, it is a groundbreaking, jaw-dropping experience of visual beauty and vicarious terror that leaves you breathless.What I liked: This is not the transcendent wonder of Kubrick's 2001. This is a physical and visual encounter with cinema. For the record, I love 3D movies but not for the sake of it. I enjoy new ideas being translated through a relatively new facet of technology. Gravity left me feeling as though I knew what it would be like in space and that is no small feat. Cuarón and cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki have given us a visual story that previously was beyond my imaginative scope. Just brilliant.What I didn't like: As with most ground breaking films, what Cuarón was trying to accomplish cinematically overshadowed character and dialogue. This is a rare exception where it's okay with me. The movie is not about Bullocks' back story. The movie is entirely in the moment and succeeds as such. Bullock and Clooney are commendable and convincing but their familiar faces within this magical moment of experiencing something new in film, for me, was almost distracting – or a disappointing reminder that it was just a movie.http://canyoutellastory.wordpress.com/2013/11/14/gravity-2013/

Well where to start. Heard a lot about this movie and read a lot of good comments about this movie so wanted to watch it desperately. So finally watched it and it was an excellent experience for me. I have never had such an experience before. People drifting in space, fighting for survival all these scenes enthralled me. The story of the movie is very simple but don't want to tell you. The experience is very different. I am sure you have not have experienced anything like it before. So if you are planning to go for this movie watch it in 3-D only and don't wait for DVD watch it in theatres only. This is the type of movie which is made for theatres only.

This is by far the best space movie I've ever seen! The opening scene is breath taking and the movie is thrilling till the end. Although everything is special effects, it nevertheless looks realistic. Sandra Bullock has done a fabulous job as Dr. Stone. She makes the audience feel the emotions of a lone survivor. The best part of the movie is the screen play- it is very engaging with no unnecessary scenes or fillers. Even the scene where Clooney comes back in her dreams and gives her the idea of using soft landing for launching the pod, the dialogues are carefully worded. Aningaaq, the man with whom Dr. Stone talks over the short wave radio is a fantastic touch. George Clooney's role, although short, is refreshing. Thankfully he doesn't come back alive- it might have ruined the plot. Brilliant watch!

The film was just amazing! I went in with high expectations & came out of the hall feeling very fulfilled. It's a great visual treat, blended with deep emotional substance for the audience. It's one of those films that isn't only so technically sensational, but connects with you intrinsically as well. And I really loved how the director paid homage to some of the classic space films, along with a sweet reference to my most favorite animated film, Wall-E, with that whole fire extinguisher scene. You have to watch it in IMAX 3D to receive the full ecstatic experience. Best film of 2013!

Best movie of the year. It saved this year for me, I can't remember the last time I had fun watching a movie like when I watched this one. 10/10 for me. Acting was great visuals are great, I watched this in 3D and it was awesome to say the least. I don't want to keep saying the same thing over and over again but my review has to be longer, so do your self a favor and go watch it. It's great it makes you think, space have rules of it's own and you must know some of them to fully understand this movie, like how sounds work and how things move up there, do your research and then go watch it. Original movies are a rare thing those days, I hop this one makes a lot of money so they will start making more like it. Enough remakes we got sick of them, and they are just an easy way to make money.

Let's be honest. The movie theater is filled with remakes and sequels and ideas that are more or less redone to death. Even the dozen trailers I saw before watching gravity had at least 3-4 movies that were clearly remakes.Gravity is a movie that you see if at the very least to take advantage of 3D technology which fits very few movies. This is one of them. The visual effects and 3D are some of the best ever. The movie doesn't use 3D quite as good as Avatar, but it definitely holds it own. You believe you are with the characters and at some points you feel like you are actually in outer space.The movie is short by modern standards but it feels like the perfect length. You aren't wishing the movie last longer but don't feel like you are short-changed.The sound is great and if you can find a premium sound system like Regal RPX 3D, then you are in for an epic ride.The acting is great and Sandra Bullock definitely deserves an Oscar nomination.While people want to mention about the physics errors and flaws in the movie, I say it only shows how great everything else is about this movie. It is like arguing why Godfather is bad because Michael Corleone shouldn't look so handsome being a war hero and all.Overall, see this movie while it is in theaters and in 3D. I have a feeling it won't be as epic when it arrives on DVD/Blu-Ray. It will only be a very good movie instead.9/10

"GRAVITY" My Rating -9 My personal favorite Magical Director Alfonso Cuarón is return after "Harry potter & the prisoner of Azkaban" & he did extremely well. If you love Space & have basic knowledge of physics (u can say it common sense also) then don't miss the movie. otherwise after 2 or 3 months when you will see it on your PC .you will defiantly regret that it was a big screen watch. Very mature George clooney & Chiseled beauty Sandra Bullock done very well to their roles .& Sandra has noticeable figure at the age of 49. I believe that i am very good in physics & i cant find any noticeable mistake. salute to Alfonso Cuarón's expertise. I recommend 3d version of movie .Turn your phone silent ,refresh your mind ,put your 3d glasses & feel the space.

Being a huge Scifi fan I was expecting a lot from this film, it blew my mind....it has everything. This could change the way films are made, I thought Avatar was ground breaking but Gravity is "out of this world"....stop reading this and go see it in the Cinema now...do not wait to see this at home. Its a true cinematic experience beyond anything I have seen before. When you read how they made this film you really can see the talent of Sandra Bullock and Clooney shine through, they are true masters of their craft. Devlopment in technology is taking film making to a new level, films that could have only been dreamt of a few years ago are now becoming a reality and we are benefiting in a huge way. More please!

This movie grabs you by the throat and thrusts you into the action like no other movie in recent memory. Never have I felt the sheer terror, the utter horror of the events that unfolded on the screen before me as if I were right there experiencing it. This is a testament to the fantastic writing and phenomenal direction which let nothing fall through the cracks. The claw marks will likely remain upon the seat I occupied for quite some time as I felt like I was holding on for dear life for the entire movie. Intense, engrossing, visually impressive and persistently memorable. This is the reason we go to the movies! Do not miss this one and if you can see it IMAX-3D, it's well worth the pennies!

I should have followed my instincts and avoided this movie, once i rejected it after the trailer. However, after a score of more than 8, i decided to give it a try since i like Sci-Fi/Adventure a lot. But i was so much disappointed, not only the story has NOTHING to offer but the acting lays so FLAT. So many plot holes (if u think there was ever a plot in the first place), so many clichés, over the top effort to show that this movie is extraordinary, all this just makes it fall right into the dumpster.As pointed by other reviews, maybe the visuals are good but frankly I prefer to see a National Geographic documentary than this trash. No way, even if someone shows you this movie for Free, DO NOT GO. So disappointed with everything in this movie.

This was the worst movie I have seen, especially to have Sandra Bullock and George Clooney starring in this. It was a total waste of money and time. There should have been more to this movie, more excitement, more at the end when she landed- wherever that was...I would not waste my time and money on this movie, it isn't worth it. There should have at least been some kind of "love connection" or something going on between those two..but, it was very boring and was not worth seeing. It should have at least had some "ground work" laid out at the beginning of the movie to give you an idea of how they got to where they were, etc but nothing like that at all. It starts out being boring and kept being boring through the whole movie. IT didn't even have anything at the end when she landed, which might have helped the rest of it from being so boring if there would have been more to the end of the movie, such as..she lands, gets out of the water, then goes SOMEWHERE...would have been nice if George would have shown up, which would not have left everyone thinking he died..IT REALLY NEEDED MORE.

Went to see this on a XD screen, and was blown away with the visuals and sound. Not even Avatar in 3D was this good (Avatar has aged pretty bad in just 4 years, the characters now look cartoonish). Note that this movie like Avatar in his time were meant to be seen at the theater in 3D. Seeing this type of movies in 2D or at home just makes them average. This is what 3D in cinemas was meant for; only for movies who really justify and enhance the experience, not just to make more money out of sales of 3D tickets. The use of 3D helps you feel the action and emotion in this film; so do yourself a favor and watch GRAVITY in 3D while still in theaters to get the full immersive effect. You're in for an amazing ride!

I'ts hard to believe, at least for me, but a lot of user reviews seem to describe Gravity as
1) a visually stunning movie, and that's all, or
2) a simply bad one.
Don't misunderstand me, it is a visually stunning movie: but that's just the surface. Gravity is a movie about grieving process. It's a story about a woman who, physically and figuratively lost in a cold and hostile universe, has to deal with her inner demons and learns to let go and forgive herself. Notice that the movie is split in two by a scene showing her naked and cowering in fetal position: that's a rebirthing.
In my opinion, Gravity is one of the most touching, well-written and original pieces of cinematography of the XXI century.

Gave it another shot on FXM.
19 minutes in I have said no, nope, no, no.
Satellite colliding into satellite, colliding into satellite, etc. I don't think they actually get anything right.
More ludicrous than the friend zone guy getting the girl in any/every rom com.

Academy Awards, USA 2014 win and 222 other wins and 169 nominations this movie is just got much achievement i just watch to know why it got a lot's of award and after watching it watching cum feeling it some astronauts in space got trouble and struggling to return in earth and only one lady did in last but there was man i think the man is just something beyond how can somebody control himself like he is controlling he is all time talking funny when they are in trouble he still talk funny he is very near to death but he just didn't stop it what a man no one can do it like that and when i was watching i just trying to feel it so whenever in space they just moving here and there for a moment they just quit spaceship and not holding anything mean they are totally free my heartbeat increase like if they just miss one time to hold a part of ship his life just gone because that's space you can't stop you you can't run you they just push himself with a force so they can reach to another short distance place where they want to go but when the trouble is involved they can't even bind himself by a rope and that brave man just give his life for that woman so she probably can reach in earth and she did it in last however she quit hope in between and letting her die but then she think about that man what will he do and she just did it and when she just reach in earth and just lie in floor and don't wanna too stand she is just feeling how happy she is when you just escape death what a moment don't watch this movie probably you will not like just feel it feel the fear of death that they guys are facing and being astronaut is so difficult you just go in space like a death mission no one can 100% sure that they will return safe.

'Gravity' is a film that successfully operates on two distinct levels and may eventually come to be considered a milestone in modern cinema. On the one hand it sets new standards in visual effects, while on the other, it simultaneously details the rather poignant emotional journey of its central character, a combination which is not necessarily easy to achieve.It is perhaps the first film in which there is a genuinely artistic use of 3D that feels fully natural and immersive, distinctly adding to the viewer's experience as opposed to feeling somewhat like an unnecessary frill. But it is not merely the use of 3D technology that makes this film beautiful to watch, director Alfonso Cuarón's innovative use of panoramic views and detailed close ups almost create in the viewer the sense that you are floating alongside the film's protagonists, played by Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, as they struggle with the disaster that strikes them 375 miles above Earth.Equally effective in terms of impact on the senses are the use of sound and silence. The excellent musical score and sound effects are only enhanced by carefully chosen moments of complete silence which set a distinct tone to the film in perfect keeping with the stillness of space in which the action is taking place.But perhaps this film's greatest achievement is its success at presenting the unfolding emotional story of its lead character in the midst of all this silence and space debris. Touchingly portrayed by Sandra Bullock, who holds the screen on her own for much of the film, we learn of the inner personal struggle of this woman who is an emotionally damaged individual, just as the space capsules she inhabits are physically damaged.See this film not just for its groundbreaking special effects and detailed sense of physical realism, but also for the particular challenge faced by its heroine - the struggle to cope with the crisis at hand and the struggle to find the courage to cope with her own self.

I missed Gravity when it came out, and finally caught up on it after having it on my bucket list of movies to see. Wow, did I miss out on a great one.Once again, my praise of the movie has as much to do with the amount of awful and cliché kinds of movies that continually are made and come out these days that either bore me or are an insult. Most are underwhelming and what I would refer to as "opportunities missed". Gravity doesn't miss. It is all it can be and I would highly recommend it.The beauty and visuals of the movie are incredible and awe inspiring, but I was also surprised that the story, acting, action, and dialogue were also very good. After seeing many survival movies where only one or two people battle nature or the elements, I had a good measuring stick for what to expect.There's Castaway and The Revenant for instance and although both these movies are good, the boredom that sets in at times due to having little instances for dialogue with others you do feel. In Gravity, the key to its' "never boring" take on such a solo survival story is that it's short. The movie is only 1 hour and 31 minutes long so there is never a feeling that it drags at all, unlike similar movies like the aforementioned.Gravity is intense, gripping, fun to watch, emotional, and at times sprinkles in some unexpected humor to boot. Sandra Bullock is an inspiration. This is a must see, classic, science fiction movie with some of the best cinematography of a space movie ever. I was really glad I watched it and finally caught up on what I missed. 10/10

A Subtle Note: "A mature audience's view of the film."Original Score: 3.5/4 Movie: ***** (5/5) Quality: ***** (5/5)Gravity. The thing that keeps us down on the ground. Though don't let the weightlessness of the surface of this movie, the inconsistencies, the backlash (Mostly by the audiences, who noticed the obvious flaws of the film.) distract you from the human themes that the film has to say.Astronauts Dr. Ryan Stone and Matthew Kowalski are on a mission to service the Hubble Space telescope, along with the crew of Explorer, the Spacecraft that they're traveling in. When disaster strikes, the two astronauts are the sole survivors of a wave of space debris and left adrift in orbit. With hope, they must find a way to safely return to Earth. And that's the story of Gravity that defines it as both a survival film and a thriller film.Up in space, there's no oxygen, no air, and it's freezing cold. Down here on dear old Earth, there's life, there's oxygen, there's air, and there's water and food. Way down here on Earth, is where life thrives. But up there in space, there's no life. Life in Space is Impossible.At the very beginning of the movie, there is a title card that explains that life in Space is impossible. Then we see the opening of the film, presenting a view of our dear old Earth from high up above in space. Before I continue, here's what you must remember: "From the very beginning of the film, is a sequence that is filmed continuously for nearly 13 minutes STRAIGHT!" That right, you heard me. A continuous filming shot is used at the very beginning. When you watch a film, you see that there are many jumps from here and there. Those are editing. But the film Gravity, utilizes long, continuous shots that turn around here and there. Also, there are brilliant performances given by the actors, wherever on screen or off screen voice-overs. On the other hand, you've got to admit, can't beat the view. Up there, looking down on Mother Earth. (What Cinematography and Visual effects!)Now this is a very human film. The film may look simple on the outside, therefore many might choose to dismiss it as cliché, predictable, weightless, slow, boring, you name it. Man, they're missing the REAL point about this movie. A human movie, in other words, the film has many things that wants to tell you through it's very human story. I'd define this as a human movie. Of course, there is another definition, which is the exact opposite of that. An inhuman thing. Yep, not just movies, but also certain other contents that can be defined as inhuman. If a particular content is irrelevant, annoying, intended to annoy rather than express something good. Then it's inhuman. Cynicism also goes on that list of things that are labeled "Inhuman", in my opinion. I have actually seen quite a lot of criticism directed by the audiences at this movie. Geez, those people are so cynical. Can't they let their experience of watching this film be a life-changing one? You'll learn to appreciate life more after you watch this movie. And as always, by watching this I was once again reminded that movies might be able to change human beings for the better through the great, humane stories that they have to tell. They enable us viewers to share an experience that may change our lives and thinking. Not all movies are like that. For some movies are irrelevant, incoherent, inhuman and evil. This one? It's a great movie. And it enables us viewers to share an experience so powerful and touching (Similar to Hotaru No Haka (1988)) that it is possible that we'll never be the same after we watch them. And therein lies the true power (and quality) of movies.The movie isn't perfect, in terms of real life physics and certain things within, there are a few flaws here and there. Still, as I have mentioned above, let this film teach you something, as like many great movies are able to do. Ignore negativity or your cynicism, instead learn something about what this movie (and certain other movies) can do.

I'm struggling to see many things in this movie that make a film great: an interesting story, favourite characters, great actors play, dialogues that you remember, thought-provoking ideas, emotional impact, and the list goes on...Speaking of the plot. There isn't one. It's like watching a cat fall from a tree, desperately trying to grab hold of branches. Entertaining? Maybe. But that's pretty much the story line of Gravity. Sandra Bullock keeps flying from one ship to another, hitting and bumping into everything, making noises until she finally and happily lands on Earth.It's yet another Hollywood CGI baby with no food for thought and nothing for heart. The recipe is simple and proved: hire star actors, put them in CGI and you get a blockbuster. The actors have practically nothing to say all the film, just meaningless mambo jumbo at the start. Later on, to make things not so obviously empty dialogue-wise, they bring back dead George Clooney's character to fill up some screen time. When he's gone once again, Sandra Bullock's character has no one to speak on Earth to, except to growl and bark imitating a dog. Is that a line to remember? The movie is only 1h 23min long. The empty plot just couldn't stretch any further. Unless, of course, they would bring Clooney back from the dead for the third time...Despite that, it's good fun to watch, with beautifully done views of Earth and space and adrenaline ride along with Bullock' s character. it's probably worth seeing once.

By the time most of you read this review, Gravity will not be in cinemas. If you haven't seen it on the big screen then you're missing out on its biggest asset. Gravity is a special effects film. Watched in 3D and on a large screen it's easy to get so sucked into the environment that you could actually believe it's shot in space. Some of this will translate to your home television but I think it'll lose a lot on a smaller screen. And that's bad, because the plot line underneath isn't up to much. Neither Clooney nor Bullock put in a bad performance here but the story is fairly standard Hollywood stuff which doesn't leave you caring what happens or gripped by the action Neither of which are a problem in a cinema, where the pretty graphics are a spectacle all by themself. At home? Not convinced.

Giving this movie 8 out of 10 stars is a huge stretch and I suspect that the fact that Clooney and Bullock, especially Bullock, is in it has a hell of a lot to do with why this film got such high marks.The movie is predictable and annoying at times, especially with Sandra Bullock and her return to the movie Speed screaming. The camera work and scenery were great, but the plot was slightly better than OK and the acting was about the same.Overall the movie is very watchable, but certainly not worth all of the hoopla. I think 6 stars out of 10 is fare. A lot of money was spent on this film, but there was a lot more that should've been done to make it more believable for 1 and just better all around in my opinion.

As an adult audience member, when you see the portrayal of astronauts as idiots horsing around in space, it makes a film almost unwatchable. And that's exactly what this film did.Visually, the film was stunning, and the film crew can be proud. However, visuals alone can't make up for the way they depicted the actions of the characters. Hell, the audience wouldn't have done some of the things the characters did, and they aren't SUPPOSED to be trained astronauts.Worth a watch if you can get past the silliness, but I won't be watching it again.

This is a movie starring 2 actors you possibly know, with no character development, little dialog and filmed in front of a green screen.If this movie wasn't starring Sandra Bullock, who has proved once again that she's incredibly good looking, this movie would have flown way more under the radar.If I were you, I'd watch it in 3D, if not, you're missing the point of this movie, which is make you feel as if you where the one who is lost in space. It is indeed a unique experience, but as it isn't fully enjoyable in 2D and/or in a cinema, if I were given a second chance, I would give it a pass.So it is up to you, do you want to pay $/10 to watch a simulation of space or would you rather prefer to watch an actual movie instead?

If you are not super rich or friends with space entrepreneurs or not hopeful about living till space tourism takes off, drop everything that you are doing and watch Gravity in IMAX.The visuals are so great that you can hardly find time to follow the plot. It's mind blowing how the visual effects incorporates " Everything is in constant motion " principle.The screenplay dwells on emotions and weaknesses of the protagonist as much as it brings out her strength of character.George Clooney does well as an experienced cosmonaut.But it's Sandra Bullock who steals the show with a scintillating depiction of survival in space.Thankfully there is no drama of the kind " we will save human kind " or " we will save the mission/vehicle".The special effects in the movie manages to transport you into space and the musical score lends gravitas to the scenes. But when the movie goes silent,space feels so scary.Now,I know why Howard in "The Big Bang Theory" was so fearful of space travel.Do not miss it!

*SPOILER FREE*I loved this movie.As a film and theatre student I often find myself ruining movies by being over critical of them. Not this film.What it lacks in depth of story it surely makes up for in technical and emotional prowess that I've never seen before. This is the first movie I have EVER seen, where the 3D is not only a defend-able option, but is actually necessary to get the full enjoyment of the film. 2 great things about this movie.1) It's special effects were not only seamless, but also engaged my senses in a way no movie has done before. At times it was hard to watch the screen, because I felt as if I could actually be falling towards earth, in space!2) Sandra Bullock. As an acting student I've learned how hard it is to be earnest and real when acting with a scene partner. Bullock would have been doing the majority of her acting with nothing but a green screen. And she maintained full emotional commitment the entire time. Breathtaking. TL;DRThis film is great. It couldn't be done without the tech, but that's fine. It's a movie that WILL NOT be as good at home, so go pay the extra $20 and see it in IMAX 3D!

With all the hype this movie is getting I was expecting a much better movie with a better script and sorry to say, better acting. Sandra Bullock was just "average." The special effects were outstanding but a script should contain more than gasping and screaming. Bullock is being talked about for an Oscar but those of you who have this thought should really go see Blue Jasmine with Kate Blanchett. George Clooney should be considered an "extra" in the movie who just delivers one-liners but nothing meaningful. I would imagine this movie was very low budget because everything centers around special effects versus a story line and drama.

I'm glad to view this with all the hype behind it, because it was at a point where it felt like my thoughts about this movie were affected by all the talk surrounding me. I feel like that can be a good thing in many instances, but when I had many of my friends and family call it "boring", or state that "nothing really happens" my only reaction was to yell "you just don't get it!" like an angry pre-teen.All that said, I'm glad to say that I still really love this. When it comes down to it, this is a survival story; all the elements are in place: the isolated and inhospitable environment, the loss of a loved one in the recent past, the untimely deaths of those who started the journey by their side, etc. Ryan has a pretty good arc, one that may slide too far into sickly sentiment, but it's very clear and visually compelling.The visuals have been talked to death. They're great, everyone knows it. What still amazes me is the way they're able to use the lack of gravity to create a sense of disorientation. There is no up or down, and the inability to control body movement creates an unbearable amount of tension during many set-pieces. The camera is always expertly placed, and the movements allow us to see and experience Ryan's journey with her. It's never overwhelming to the point of nauseating; we're in the perfect spot. And I love how much of the story in told with visual information. The barest of information is told to us with words, instead trusting the viewer to remain an active participant. You're eyes are constantly looking around the screen, collecting the same images that Ryan is seeing, trying to find something, anything that will help her get back to Earth safely.I love the title more and more. Like I said above, the lack of gravity allows the filmmakers to play around with emptiness and camera movement simulating the disorientation and distress of the characters. At the end, when Ryan is back on Earth, the newly added gravity allows her to stand on her two feet and capture that amazing shot of her looking like a conqueror.

Not for everyone and very intense. No BEM (bug-eyed-monster) or alien. Death and fear are the monsters here. She is a "tenderfoot" astronaut and has to read the plastic cue cards to operate the equipment. She goes in-and-out of consciousness and imagines that her dead partner, "Kowalski" (George Clooney) returns and saves her. In fact he does, as his hallucination helps her focus on her own rescue. Everything goes wrong after a failed repair of the Hubble telescope, and she becomes the lone survivor from the USA team. The Hubble gets destroyed by space debris, and so does her spacecraft. I actually felt like I was ridding along with her. Everything was so real and vivid yet some reviewers thought it to be long, boring and meaningless? She makes a final leap-of-faith and "jumps" to the rescue spacecraft-capsule, which almost burns up on re-entry. It's only 90 minutes so try to see it uncut. (With 30 minutes of cable commercials, it does drag.) Warning! viewing it on a large screen/3D/IMAX might cause vertigo!

After the National Geographic's "Live In Space" broadcast the American astronaut revealed he watched the space thriller "Gravity" while whizzing around in space on the International Space Station.While the astronauts made the comparison to that of passengers on a cruise ship watching the "Titanic," it has garnered renewed interest in the film, which at the time of the broadcast had recently came out on DVD, On-Demand and on iTunes two weeks prior.Gravity, winner of seven Academy Awards, including Best Director, is a fictional account of a disaster in space, with most of the physics of space and micro-gravity correctly portrayed. Sandra Bullock plays Dr. Ryan Stone, a medical engineer on her first Space Shuttle mission with only six months of training to install her own updates to the Hubble Space Telescope for her research. George Clooney plays veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski, who is on his last space mission and is attempting to break the record for space walking using a prototype jetpack. And Ed Harris is the voice of mission control.What seems to be the start of a routine spacewalk, disaster strikes 10 minutes into this 91 minute film, with 81 minutes of non-stop edge of your seat drama that keeps building until a the climax at the end allows you to breath again. But only in the last 30 seconds of the film.Every time I watch this film, I swear the movie is only 60 minutes. That's how fast the action moves through the entire length.The drama starts when Stone is working on the Hubble when the Russians shoot down one of their own, obsolete satellites with a land-based missile seven minutes into the film.Without spoiling the film, the space shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalski alone in the deafening silence of space alone and tethered to only each other as they fly into the darkness of space.After loosing the last lifeline they have, communications to Mission Control, the drama heats up as Stone and Kowalski have lost any chance of rescue. Or have they?Fear turns into panic as they gulp down oxygen like it was a cold drink on a scorching hot day, adding to the growing list of problems with no solutions in sight.Stone and Kowalski realize that they must go deeper into the dark abyss of space to throw a Hail Mary that makes the one Doug Flutie threw in 1984 look like a routine shuttle pass!Gravity, directed by Mexican born Alfonso Cuarón, who also produced, edited, and co- wrote the screenplay with his son Jonás Cuarón (George Clooney was uncredited as collaborating in writing the screenplay).This is the first project that the father-son team worked on together as directors, but not their first movie project. Gravity for the most part is accurate in its portrayal of space. However, the sound effects people couldn't leave well enough alone. They broke some of the laws of physics, such as when the added sound to scenes where objects collided in space. Remember, as the film's opening says, "there is no sound in space." You can hear some of the sounds while the music tries to cover it up.Also, anyone who knows something about space will see that at times an action does not always have an opposite and equal reaction. As an amateur astronomer since 1973, I could pick this film apart. However, any of the small breaking of the laws of physics will not interfere with the non-stop thriller, making you feel good about having both feet on Earth.However, some of the best commentary on the film came from American Astronaut Rick Mastracchio during the live broadcast from the ISS during the NatGeo broadcast. Mastracchio said that while such a disaster like the one portrayed in "Gravity" may be possible, nothing like that has ever happened in space.There have been near disasters in space while aboard the Space Shuttle and the ISS, excluding the Challenger and Columbia disasters.For those who have yet to watch "Live In Space," there will be no spoilers given by the astronauts here either, other than that the incidents that did happen and discussed during the live broadcast could have been as equally deadly to the ISS as in "Gravity."While the ISS is the most heavily fortified object in space, capable of withstanding strikes from small objects and micro-meteors, it is also protected by a virtual box that NORAD monitors. If an object enters this box, the first call goes to NASA, and the ISS has the capability to blast itself away from any danger. All I will say is that this call has been made to NASA on more than one occasion.In addition to "Gravity," the father-son duo produced the 2004 hit movie "The Assassination of Richard Nixon" starring Sean Penn and Naomi Watts.If you love space movies, "Gravity" provides much realism, with a backdrop taken from NASA archives, and a storyline that will keep you on edge and guessing. It's dramatic impact is non-stop and the 91-minute film flies as fast as the ISS does through space.This is a movie that should be in everyone's collection.

This is one of those movies that uses cutting edge technology to deliver a story that could never be delivered (as strongly) before. The effects, the level of fidelity that they were able to achieve, is amazing. The way the objects interact with each other, the way the weightlessness appears––it's all top notch. Every second of this movie feels as though you are in space along with the actors. But it does not end there.During almost the entire film, there is a sense of dread, a sense that you do not belong in this world––that we as people do not belong in space. As you watch the characters, whose leads are portrayed by Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, struggle to survive, you feel as though it were you. It is as though it is you that are helplessly floating around in this surreal, visceral world that is so dangerous, lonely, and empty. You feel as though you are floating away (even more if you are viewing it in 3D) to your death, to slowly die of lack of oxygen or to perhaps be ripped apart by space debris. These emotions of fear, anxiety, and sorrow, are all made to be real by Sandra Bullock's acting, which is some of the finest that I have seen.There is a reason that Sandra Bullock has garnered so much critical praise for this movie, and it is simply this: her role in this movie is completely, utterly convincing. Every moment that her life is in danger, every instance of fear, the feeling that you want––need––to survive, you feel it along with her. Her performance alone makes the movies somewhat linear plot amazing.The outline of the plot is this: Dr. Ryan Stone (Bullock), a biomedical engineer on NASA space shuttle "Explorer," on her first mission with Matt Kowalski, which evidently turns out to be his last mission. During a "routine walk," they receive news that an old Russian satellite has been struck with a missile attack. This caused a chain of reaction which causes high speed space debris flying in the path of the "Explorer." They are told, by headquarters, that they need to begin re-entry immediately in order to avoid the debris. Before they can do this, however, the "Explorer" is struck and Dr. Stone and Kowalski are detached and spiral throughout space. The plot follows their attempts to survive and, somehow, against all odds, make it back home, to Earth.The plot, as mentioned above, is linear, however, the compelling performances by the leads, most notably Sandra Bullocks, makes it all believable and realistic. When paired with all the technical marvels, and the overall believability, you get one of the best thrillers/dramas that has ever been released.

Visuals : 10 ... Script: 0 If this had been a silent film, it would have been perfect, but, sadly, it's rife with banal and irritating chitter-chatter, none of which was used to truly propel the story nor profoundly flesh-out the characters. Everything that needed to be known could have simply been shown in a couple of captions, and expressed through body language/facial expressions. NOTHING needed to be said here, especially not this dribble that was passed off as dialogue.The special effects and astounding real-ness of this film, however, blew me away! The attention to detail and the shocking realism of the actors' weightlessness is stunning! Though I warn you: anyone who is highly sensitive to motion sickness will want to avoid this film.Clooney's performance may be generic (due to his weak-water scripting,) but Bullock's performance is impressive, and uncharacteristically physical.There is a faint hint of "2001: Space Oddessy" in the scent of this film, though it clearly stands apart. The not-so-subtle metaphors for gestation, birth, re-birth, and evolution are beautifully illustrated in this film, and give the viewer an eloquent buffet of food-for-thought.The ecological situation this film presents is quite serious, and not something that one might have been previously aware of... kudos to director and writer Cuarón for approaching this little-known, yet globally effecting subject, which not only effects the environment but also the future of human space exploration and communications. (I recommend that you check out the accompanying documentary, which is offered as a "special feature" on the DVD.) Because the dialogue is so painfully stupid, next time I watch Gravity, I'll be sure to put the film on mute and enjoy its visual excellence with some ambient music, instead: voila, perfection!

I can only give this film a rating of 5 out of 10 because any normal film is split into two parts: the storyline and the visuals. I give this film 5/5 for visual effectiveness because the graphics are just fantastic, a real step up for film which I am thoroughly excited about as I am a young director myself. The way everything was done and organised was brilliant but what I can't forgive about this film is the fact that they wasted such beautiful visual effects on a screenplay which is complete rubbish! As an occasional screenwriter too, I really respect a great screenplay with a thriving storyline, but honestly: a 10 year old could have written this film. They are in space, their ship is blown up, they go to another ship - the man floats away (oh no), that ship blows up so she goes to another ship. Now guess what happens... exactly, that ship blows up and the escape pod takes her to earth. Done, screenplay written. I'm not annoyed that it was a bad screenplay - i'm most frustrated that they used such wonderful techniques and skills for such an awful piece of literature! 0/5 for storyline.

This film reminded me of when I went to see Jurassic Park for the first time and was overwhelmed by the fact that you couldn't distinguish between the dinosaurs and the real actors. In this it was impossible to think of any of the actors as anything but floating, weightless. It truly is an epic achievement. The effects are notable and the acting, such as it is within a space suit is fine, but even such good performances can't overcome the main flaw in the film – the storyline is weak beyond belief. After 30 minutes almost everything was guessable and any sense of suspense disappeared. It was interesting to notice how the restlessness in the cinema grew as the film went on. People simply weren't gripped by what could have been a scenario with exciting possibilities. In years to come when such effects are old hat I fear (or maybe hope) this film will be forgotten.

Looking at the previous reviews, this is obviously a polarizing film. In a way I can understand that, because it's so different in some ways from what most American movie watchers seem used to these days. It's a sci-fi film without two opposing sides blowing each other up, without capital ships blasting each other with torpedoes or fighter planes carving up empty space as if they're moving through air, all the while making swooshing sounds you'd never hear in real life.At the same time, others criticize this film for its *lack* of realism, mainly on the basis that as a film that's *supposed* to be realistic, it's just so improbable. And it is, but then so is every film - that's what makes good films interesting! Nobody's going to watch a film about how Sandra Bullock went to space, fulfilled her mission and then came home without incident. Lots of things happen to her in this film that seem impossible but aren't - they're just implausible when taken together, but that adds up to an exciting film.The plot is pretty simple - the Russians knock out one of their own satellites (no, not by mistake), which in turn sets off a chain reaction (yes, this was a mistake) among other satellites that creates destructive shrapnel flying around the Earth at 50,000 miles per hour. This is something scientists have actually worried about for years, because so much of what we send up to space goes into basically the same orbit - space is vast, but the altitudes that make sense for orbit are actually pretty limited in number. And there are thousands of objects up there now. The ISS itself - in real life - has had to adjust course due to flying shrapnel in the past, and shuttles themselves have been hit with small debris while in orbit (discovered after landing). So the premise is entirely realistic.How Dr. Stone (Sandra Bullock) deals with the situation you may or may not find believable, but nothing she does is outside of what's possible, and it wouldn't be much of a movie without the drama of knowing she's always *this close* to dying. The movie entirely revolves around her, so she needs to be in a constant state of conflict. And she is - literally as soon as she solves one problem, another invariably crops up, and it becomes almost a running joke even to her. (She exclaims things like "what now?!", "are you kidding me??" and "I hate space!" at various points.) But this is not much different than real-life emergencies both in space and in the air, where problems can cascade and need to be solved one by one.It's a cliché to say things like "such and such actor is a revelation!" and it's strange to say it about someone who's been around as long as Sandra Bullock, but I confess I never respected her as an actress before this film. I still thought of her as the bubbly dullard from "Speed" and her other early films, but she drew me in here emotionally in a way that I was not expecting. Yes, she is strong enough now to literally carry an entire film with her acting. A little bit of her former self still comes through at times - for example, it's still cute when she swears, and I'm not sure it's meant to be in this film. But I actually appreciated those breaks in tension.All that said, this is not, as some others have said, the second coming of "2001: A Space Odyssey". In fact, I can't think of anything that really elevates this film above that of a very well-acted, very well-shot action thriller. There doesn't seem to be a larger statement or message in "Gravity", or any meaning to the story beyond what's literally presented on screen (unless you want to say it's a film that's against space pollution, or something). In this way, it *is* actually similar to other Hollywood movies of the present - what you see is pretty much what you get. There's nothing to really sink your teeth into beyond that.You'll notice I haven't even mentioned the special effects so far - and that's because while they're impressive, they're not what makes a good film. "2001" was made in 1968 with plastic models and we still hold it up as the top film in the genre. No, what makes this a really good film is the acting, the tension created by the situation Dr. Stone is put in, and the execution of the directing, cinematography, sound and yes, to some extent the visual effects - in that order. I was actually generally just as impressed with the sound (and lack thereof) in this film as I was with the visuals. The realistic sound helped really put me there, although the music was a bit overbearing at times (what else is new in Hollywood?).

The movie looked absolutely stunning. No one can disagree. But that doesn't make a movie good. The lead characters are just totally unbelievable. Unfortunately, thats pretty much all there is to it in this movie: Lead characters. Mr Nespresso in Space....I'll let them get away with that. But a completely unstable woman with just 6 months of training lacking pretty much all space skills is not acceptable, at all. Besides the fact I don't think Sandra Bullock pulls it off, it just made the movie unwatchable for me. And I'm not even getting into the piles of Hollywoodclichés.A 5 out of 10, for the visuals.

"Gravity" is that rare movie that, while a tour-de-force on a technical level, also happens to come with a great deal of its own - pardon the pun - gravitas.Sandra Bullock, in a bravura, near-one-woman performance, plays Dr. Ryan Stone, an astronaut on her first mission into outer space, sent there on Space Shuttle Explorer to perform some much-needed repairs on the Hubble Space Telescope. While she's space walking with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski (George Clooney), the shuttle is hit by debris from a missile strike the Russians have launched to take out a non-operational satellite. Things go from bad to worse when the two astronauts are torn away from the now-destroyed shuttle and are cast out into deep space with little hope for a safe return to earth.Director Alfonso Cuaron has gathered together a team of technological wizards to replicate, as closely as is humanly possible, the experience of floating adrift in outer space: the weightlessness, the uncontrollable spinning (warning: take your Dramamine beforehand), the immense size and grandeur of Earth as seen from hundreds of miles above the surface. The purely visceral nature of the movie goes a long way towards mitigating any qualms one might have as to the plausibility of every single thing it is showing us.The screenplay by Cuaron and his son Jonas does well within the admittedly restrictive parameters demanded by the narrative, which is why the performances of Bullock and Clooney ultimately play so crucial a role in the success of the movie. They make us care about the people to whom this is happening - and, without that, all the special effects in the world couldn't make this concept work. Even from inside a space helmet, Bullock runs the gamut of emotions from queasiness to fear to anger to despair to resignation to hope to determination. It's all there, packed within a taut hour-and-a-half-long running time.In a way, a film like "Gravity" makes movie-reviewing almost superfluous, since it's virtually impossible to convey in words the true nature of the experience. Go watch it for yourself.

I would love to give "gravity" top marks, I really would. It is a genuinely unique movie. Set in space for 98 percent of its running time. Plus its special effects are amazing, and look completely jaw dropping on the big screen. It is a great flick I have to say, but one that relies on, and in some ways NEEDS its 3D effects to get by.To me, 3D is still a gimmick. If you've seen one 3D movie, you've seen them all. If you haven't seen anything in 3D since "Avatar," then "Gravity" will be a wonder to behold. Unfortianly though, i've seen a lot of 3D crap since "Avatar." Still, the flick amazingly manages to keep its audience engrossed for an hour and a half in space. Doing this without having to resort to aliens or big fiery space ship battles. Its all about Sandra Bullocks struggle to survive in a realistic (Or at least more realistic than usual) movie version of space, and I've always had a thing for these one man shows. Especially when you find yourself genuinely rooting for this characters survival, in a creepy environment, where anything can happen.So, in short, it is great. But come on. 3D isn't still cool? is it?

Nobody told that a movie can be so engrossing and yet have so little dialogues or characters. In time a time when directors are trying to burden movie goers with twisted, convoluted plots and zillions of characters that many people feel the need to go the movies with notebooks comes a game changer from Alfonso Cuaron.The story starts with a space walk where Sandra Bullock in a professor who has developed a prototype which is being funded by NASA. She is accompanied by George Clooney on a space mission to check her prototype's functionality when catastrophe strikes. A sharpen storm of satellite debris destroys there shuttle and leaves them abandoned in space. The story them depicts the struggle she faces to get herself back to a pod and get herself back to Earth.Words cannot express the performance of Sandra Bullock, the way she shows her emotions, her inner demons and her struggles as she fights alone thousands of miles above Earth is really a performance to watch. A special tribute should also be given to the camera work and all the special effects that more than make up for the lack of dialogues in this movie.Overall, a game changer of a movie that was worth the wait for me. I really wanted to catch on 3D in a theater and abstained myself from renting this one earlier and the worth was totally worth it!!!!

I wanted to like this movie - the subject matter is close to my heart - but it is its own worst enemy.The CGI and effects are truly stunning, and the loooooooong shots (in time, not distance) left me speechless with the preparation and technology that must have gone into them. Just visualising that opening shot, weaving as it does between parts of the shuttle and Hubble, closing in on the suited astronauts and opening up again to long shot is a tour de force, let alone making the visualisation work in reality.There were quite a few boo-boos that anyone with more than a passing interest in orbital mechanics would spot, but they come mostly in the category of artistic licence. In particular, the way in which Ryan uses the landing rockets to make an orbital transfer of some 100Km is fundamentally comical. (read any of the original Astronauts' books to begin to understand the sheer complexity of orbital matching and docking). The mistakes generate a little more irritation than they deserve purely *because* of the incredible cinematography and complexity of the spacecraft modelling.But where the movie is really let down is - like Avatar - in the script. How such accomplished actors as Clooney and Bullock accepted roles that portrayed them as juvenile astronaut (Clooney) and untrained tyro (Bullock) is beyond me.For the first forty minutes or so the sheer quality of the CGI made me overlook the clichéd script, but then even the pictures could not make it believable. At no stage was I engaged with the fate of the astronauts and by the end I began wondering how much longer it would last. Even the wet T-shirt sequence couldn't excite me.I might be mistaken, but I do not remember the first half having much in the way of background music. Unfortunately, the second made up for the omission in spades - a dire, completely inappropriate and overbearing score assaulted the ears and added to my detachment from the film. How much better it would have been had there been the deep silence of an airless space except when the camera was inside a helmet or a pressurised vehicle. But, I suppose, that's Hollywood.In summary, then, a spectacular example of the technique of movie-making in the visuals: eleven out of ten. Downgraded to a five overall because the dialogue rarely comes above the risible. Am I glad I saw it? Yes, definitely. Would I watch it again? Probably. But, just like the first viewing, I would regret the opportunity that was missed in the screenplay.

This review will contain spoilers, and I really mean it. Not many new films get me pumped up, at least not as many as I would like. The last time I was this eager to go to the cinema was a few years back when I was able to see Béla Tarr's "A torinói ló" (2011) and Terrence Malick's "The Tree of Life" (2011), both on the same day, actually. Before that perhaps David Lynch's "Inland Empire" (2006). I had read about Cuarón's ambitions, and considering "Children of Men" (2006) is just as masterly as they say and wrestles with just the kind of filmic issues I'm fond of (space, length of sequences, movement of camera), why wouldn't I have been over the moon to see this?But really. After this first sequence of 17 minutes I was sold, and they could have done anything, and I mean anything, after that and I still would have had the time of my life. I have seen quite a few 3D films and never felt its use was cinematically necessary, but here it's more than justified, it's integral. The movement of the camera is gut-wrenching at times, and the sense of space is achieved through the use of 3D, not through gimmicks that emphasize the technology but through subtlety, often emphasizing the naturalness of the environment. I have a list of the most uplifting and lucid film moments, and that sequence has its place there.Not that the film goes downhill after that. On the contrary, it's a cinematic masterclass in entertaining and cinematically profound filmmaking, condensed in 90 minutes. The camera soars in space, becoming a third character. We become weightless. In contrast, when we finally arrive to Earth the camera stays down on the ground, only able to glance upward, unable to rise and soar as it did because of gravity. Is there a film where something so naturally mundane to us as gravity is lifted up from its everyday context and given fresh relevance?I think this makes a fine companion to Al Reinert's "For All Mankind" (1989), a profound study of space, our insignificant yet beautifully meaningful part in this vast universe, the importance of achieving space travel, becoming acquainted with an unknown and thus fearsome yet grand and immensely breathtaking world, the feeling one might have when gazing upon the Earth as we gaze upon the moon from our planet. But space has no feelings for us. If we think of space in terms of its dangers, we often describe it as hostile. But it is not hostile, nor is it friendly. Space simply is. And that sense of loneliness and terror in helplessness is also grandly present in these films, as it should be. Of those of us who have ever thought about space and what it might feel like to be there, who hasn't also thought of how it might feel like when one is adrift, alone, facing the infinite-seeming blackness with no hope of return?

The technical achievement of this film is very very good, but as Dr Kermode said (and I do not very often agree with him!)'it is a popcorn movie.' The plot is a peaceful US mission in orbit round the Earth to repair the Hubble telescope becomes imperilled by a dastardly Russian endeavour to destroy one of its evil satellites, which causes a hell of a lot of metal to go at superspeed destroying anything in its orbital path. The film is about the consequences on survivors, except for visuals of Earth from 600 kilometres up - you do not see the blackness of space very often. Thus we have an Indiana Jones-type set up of jeopardy situations occurring every ten minutes or so, which everyone except Sandra Bullock seems to succumb to in deadly graphic circumstances. There are obvious holes in the plot, eg the speed with which Ms Bullock can get out and in of a spacesuit in weightless conditions would leave Gypsy Rose Lee tut tutting; the number of times Ms Bullock's suit hits hard and sharp surfaces on the outside of spacecraft without one tear or snag is absolutely unbelievable; and her ability to read Chinese and Russian from books while piloting escape pods becomes very silly. The so-called profundity in the film is very shallow - when I got home I switched on a 'B' western from the fifties on TV with the well trodden plot of a handful of people surrounded by bloodthirsty Indians, no water and no obvious means of escape except their own ingenuity. Cue dialogue about living and dying - and 'Gravity' is on the same level. In fact, the dialogue was better in the western! The acting is restrained except for George Clooney's turn as comic relief cum sudden sacrificial hero in places. The effects are very good, but cannot really sustain the bare 91 minutes. The 3D is excellent, but did we have to wait a tedious two minutes or so as Ms Bullock's tears drain out into the audience! And as for the two big visual symbols - Ms Bullock curling into the foetal position during weightlessness and her crawling out of the primordial mud for rebirth - were unwanted and too obvious. Go and see it in 3D and wonder, and then watch a movie with a middle.

**Spoilers**Watched this movie finally yesterday after a week of trying to make it to the theaters for the 5.00 movie times. I watched it in 2D because I cant watch 3D. I didn't expect 95 percent of the movie to be in space, but it was pretty awesome it was. The visuals were amazing. The acting was good. The story line was OK. The realism was off. Of course none of us have probably been to space and have no clue how real it was, but the scene where is first losses control and spins off into space became very annoying after a minutes of her non stop freaking out. The debris every 90mins, I'm not sure if this would happen every 90mins in the exact same location plus wouldn't there be more occurrences since other equipment was destroyed along the way or was all the satellites in the same place? The fire in the ship was pretty cool but it looked like your typical 'explosion and jump' type of scene. Also the temperature changes is confusing. The last part that wasn't real to me was the fire extinguisher part to travel to the next space station. Bullock was scared the entire movie but then her life was 'whatever, lets die' then she becomes James Bond lol. The landing part was kind of cool but I just had a feeling she would land close to land which was a let down, because 70 percent of Earth is covered with water. Maybe middle of the ocean and a shark eats her would have made the movie some real! Despite all this, the other 85 percent of the movie was awesome. Very silent a lot of times, so I had to cutback on eating my skittles/bag noise lol. It did make me cry so it was very emotional at times. Go see it before its out of theaters and buy it on Blu Ray!

GRAVITY is a space/sci-fi film directed by Alfonso Cuaron, starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney.The film revolves around two astronauts, Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) and Matt Kowalski (George Clooney), who get drifted off into space after being hit by debris. With low oxygen levels and the possibility of death, they must work together to survive the accident and return back to Earth.So the first thing that makes Gravity so different from the rest of the mainstream movies nowadays is, obviously, its a movie that takes place completely in space, but, other that that, it has a very different tone to it. Right from when you see the trailer, you can literally see how the directer plays with your senses using the pitch and type of music along with the visual effects. Its truly amazing and eerie at the same time.I went and saw the movie, in IMAX 3D, because, well, you don't usually see a space film with a plot in IMAX, and I'm going to cut short this and just say GRAVITY IS JUST STUNNING. Thats what everyone's being saying right? But WHY?! Well here's why.The acting is just first-class. Even there are just two stars in the movie, using a green screen, they portray their character so damn well. They are one of the reasons for the intensity you feel all throughout. Sandra Bullock is one the BEST things in the film; she's as good as the special effects in this film, and that's a really high bar. You can see the fear in her eyes that seems like she's slowly losing hope but still has this unknown push to keep trying. She's just so good in Gravity and if she doesn't get nominated for an Oscar this year, I'm going to flip out. George Clooney's acting is quite decent. Throughout the film, you feel like you're in the head of Sandra Bullock's character, and whenever she's nervous, you're nervous, and to sum it up, George Clooney is the guy who keeps you, calm when you're having a panic attack. He's the smooth talker that keeps the level of intensity just to the right amount. That's another one of the best things about this film. The acting makes you feel like you're another one of the characters in space, feeling what they're feeling. Another contribution to that is the directing, because you literally feel you're right in there with Sandra Bullock.The visual effects and splendid and mind-boggling. They aren't shot with IMAX cameras so that was a bit of a letdown considering they had so much of potential with it, but the visuals make up for it and the 3D is just great, and isn't any of that post-converted crap. The directing and camera-work is great too. The way they zoom in on the face, as well as the views of the Earth. Its all just so realistic.The soundtrack is extremely suitable for the film. There's this sense of calmness yet drama in it. Its wonderful how its portrayed in the film. The film starts off with the main title flashing across the screen and the music going extremely high and suddenly it cuts to the view of the Earth and there's dead silence. Great way to get the audience involved and feeling eerie. The trailer also makes that pretty clear, and the movie just carries that message forwards.The plot is quite simple, honestly, but its the rest of the components of the film that has made the film, shine. And to be honest, I have no problems with it. The only issue that some people will find is that fact that they have no gravity-defying action stunts or some cheesy villain driving fast cars. You must have the patience to stay through every one of Ryan Stone's thoughts to actually enjoy it. It is quite slow, but its really intense and just good fun.And to that I'm going to say Gravity is just amazing. Its visually breath-taking and one of cinema's best achievements yet.GRAVITY- 9.5/10

This is one of those very rare movies (like Jurassic Park) that were MADE for the BIG screen! From beginning to end, the excellent 3D effects are amazing and nearly constant. The majority of the movie is floating in space outside of the spacecraft, with a few minutes inside now and then. Things are always floating around, and there is a lot of depth and amazing views of the Earth, stars, spacecraft etc, giving you an incredible visual sense of being in space. The story is pretty good, but not the perfect edge of your seat story (e.g Aliens). If you're hoping for a Clooney / Bullock romance or chemistry, it's not there. They are coworkers trying to survive. These are the reasons for losing one star, but the 3D experience in IMAX should earn it an extra 5 stars. No other sci-fi movie I've ever seen has given such a realistic visual sense of being in space! If you read this review before Gravity leaves IMAX 3D theaters, go see it NOW, it's worth the extra money for IMAX to be engulfed by it! If it has already ended its run in IMAX 3D, I guess you'll have to settle for Blu- ray, sitting a meter from the highest quality 100 in. 3D TV and a room shaking stereo system, if you or a friend have one.

First I was expecting to see a science fiction movie presenting an out of space travel with several repetitive happenings everyone could expect. However, when I watched it, it was not. It was more a philosophical thought incurring in a right place to invigorate the main points of the story. While, I believe, every one was immersed in how every thing could be so strange in a zero gravity, I was thoughtful about how lonely one can be whether she is among thousands of people or away from them thousands of miles. And then, it is the matter of how it all depends on yourself in either case to deal with it and pass it. These feeling started to become even more after everyone except her were dead and she was far from every thing with every single different laws of physics affecting her. In other words, that was a sense of familiar loneliness in a different context. The other part of the movie that thrilled me was when she touched the earth soil with a mellow sense of happiness in her face. It was not the soil of one particular area of the world. That would not matter. In that scale, that soil was familiar to her. That was where she belongs to without thinking of the borders, countries and people she might see. You might belong to a neighborhood, a city, a country, or a sphere depends on how you look at it.

Gravity is an intense, pulse-pounding, edge-of-your-seat cinematic experience. Am I forgetting any movie review clichés? Regardless, they all apply to this instant classic that redefines the rules for every film about space exploration that has been put to celluloid over the past 50 years. Gravity is directed by Alfonso Cuaron whose previous film, Children of Men, stands among the very best films of the past decade. Much like Hitchcock's Rope, Cuaron's signature is the use of lengthy single-shot sequences. The climactic scene from Children of Men is one of the reasons the film is so memorable. Cuaron once again expertly uses this technique. This time he opens the film with a 13 minute uncut scene as we follow the astronauts while they work on the exterior of the shuttle. Cuaron also seamlessly transitions as the camera slowly floats around space as we watch the astronauts, to inside Stone's helmet, to seeing everything from her perspective. The camera work and the use of CGI is pulled off so well that it really gives the illusion as if we are floating in space along with the astronauts.There really isn't much to Gravity's plot. It's basically a two person Broadway play that takes place in outer space. George Clooney plays Matt Kowalski, a veteran astronaut who's completing his final space mission. Even in the depths of space and all the dangers that accompany it, Clooney plays it cool, often leisurely floating around without a care in the world like he's taking a stroll in the park.Sandra Bullock is his polar opposite. She plays Dr. Ryan Stone, a medical engineer embarking on her first space mission. Stone is quiet and understandably tense as she navigates around the outside of the space shuttle. Bullock's character seems to be wrapped in an orbit of sadness and despair. Even in the rare playful scenes between her and Kowalski, she seems sullen and her interactions with him feel forced and contrived. Soon we realize the reason for Stone's demeanor. Some will find her back-story a tad heavy-handed, but I had no problem with it.At the start of the film, the astronauts are working on the outside of the space shuttle when an unexpected event sends debris hurtling towards them. From that point on, all hell breaks loose. This is where Gravity really starts to shine. Cuaron does an amazing job of immersing the viewer in the film. He captures the absolute emptiness of space with perfection.Gravity also deals with interesting contrasts. One moment we feel the suffocating claustrophobia of Stone while she's in her helmet gasping for air and the next instant we are viewing the astronauts as a white speck in the vast expanses of outer space. There's also instances of deafening sound and utter silence.Early in the film, there is a scene that is shot so beautifully that to try and explain it would ruin what makes it so special. The most I will say is that it symbolizes rebirth. From that moment on, Stone is determined to survive. This happens to be the main theme of Gravity: humanity's sheer animal instinct to survive at all costs.Gravity also happens to be the rare film experience that actually uses 3D for the better. The use of 3D does a great job of using depth of field to separate the astronauts from the backdrop of Earth. Without giving too much away, there are numerous scenes that use 3D so perfectly I was so happy I chose to see it in this overused and often misused format.The standout performance of Gravity is clearly Sandra Bullock. It's her film. She captures your attention like James Franco did recently in 127 Hours or like Tom Hanks did in Cast Away 13 years ago. Although Bullock won an Oscar for The Blind Side, her work in Gravity will go down as her best. Also, film buffs with a keen ear might recognize a familiar voice as NASA's mission control. I won't spoil the surprise.Gravity might be light on plot, but if you're looking for a memorable, non-stop experience, then buy a ticket to Gravity, sit back and prepare for liftoff.

Locally, this movie received excellent reviews. I wanted to see it on a big screen, rather than Netflix, so I did. In today's world of computer graphics,these were nothing special. The plot line was nothing special and, in fact, was quite predictable. Ryan's whimpering was, perhaps, sexist and not commensurate with the training an astronaut, even a medical doctor in the role of an astronaut, and would not likely be sent into space with only one trained astronaut. OK, the writers are entitled to some license, but I think the same results could have been attained with a more realistic portrayal of who we send into space at the cost of millions.The bottom line for me is that it doesn't come close to the story, special effects and intrigue of "2001". Gravity made me appreciate the brilliance of Stanley Kubrick, who has yet to be topped--or even equaled.

Spectacular visually! But I found the story line and dialog a little lacking and unbelievable.So, we're suppose to believe an astronaut would have failed to successfully land a spacecraft in a simulator and not be vetted out for being overly reactive emotionally in a stressful situation. Not to mention the fact that mutual crew members would barely know each others personal history.Also, sometimes, I felt like it had kind of a "chic flick" kinda feel to it.

Nice directing , camera motion , animation , visual effects .. But The acting is not as good , Sandra bullock can not do solos , that's proved on this film . Great actor , no doubt in that but not a one girl show type , George Clooney is being the usual great and funny man , he wasn't acting though he was being himself that's all . The bottom line here is that : if you like to be amazed by high tech 3D stuff , and nice camera motion you are in for a treat . For me , I found the plot rather ridiculous , really it is a science fiction story that would creep the hell out of Isaac Asimov . It's pure nonsense to consider Space as a 1200 square mile big , where satellites are falling like domino ! For the characters they are so poorly drawn , Clooney's character has absolutely no depth , none .. Zip , even Sandra's character has very little depth that's poorly performed and written . So basically no acting and no story only fast paced action disaster movie with no solid plots that just happened in Outer space , only good directing and effects . This movie isn't remotely likely to make it to the classics wall . But that doesn't mean I regret watching it after all .

Makes my top 10 worse movie list. If you are into women empowerment Gravity is for you. All the male cast is killed off within the first fifteen minutes of the movie. Gravity is about Dr. Stone, a woman trying to prove herself on her first space flight mission. She has no training to be an astronaut and the movie moves very slow. There is no plot only her drifting in space, trying to find a way to return to earth. A big waste of money! This is a womens lib movie and I thought women burned their bras in the 70s. Why do movie makers think we still want to see this crap? Do not get me wrong "I am woman" however I know when to roar...do you?

I was in two minds on whether to watch this film or not as I have a serious aversion to Sandra Bullock, I put her level of repugnance on the same level as Shia LeBeouf. They both possess similar babbling, er.. acting qualities, but hey, give it a shot I told myself, put your feelings for ms Bullock aside, after all Alfonso Cuarón is director on this one and Y Tu Mamá También is one of my favourite movies, I told myself.Visually, Gravity is stunning, no doubt about that but that's pretty much all it has going for it. This might be fine for some but as a lover of film I prefer something more, a little substance, some semblance of realism pertaining to the rules of the world being portrayed on screen. Gravity, unfortunately fails to cater on any of these fundamental details nay, prerequisites. Instead we are asked that any incredulity that the film so rightly deserves is put aside in favour of the shiny, shiny graphics, like a moth to a light-bulb I feel, is how I am asked to approach it.To call a film 'Gravity' but then disregard all other rules of physics is utterly beyond my comprehension. I won't go into all the mistakes made in this film regarding physical errors and the like, that has been well documented by other writers already. What I will add however, and something that still bugs me with the plot is why the Russians decided to blow up one of their satellites. How dumb are we supposed to think the Russians are? Surely there are regulations regarding the destruction of property in space, there have to be.Have they managed to polish the proverbial turd with this film, I keep asking myself? Perhaps not but they made a good attempt at trying to distract from its axiomatic shortcomings.

Having grown up with and being a fan of the United States' space program, I was very much looking forward to watching the Academy Award-nominated 'Gravity' when we rented it this weekend.We just watched it. Don't waste your time or money. I can't believe actors could read a script like this and agree to make such a piece of crap. Very disappointing.I love science fiction, Futurism, science, fantasy and the possibilities of human capability. Well, 'Gravity' is pure science fiction. Very BAD science fiction.This is Hollywood at its very worst. Yes, movies are storytelling and we allow some leeway due to the entertainment factor. I tried - I really did - to like this movie because I like space and science and adventure and the unknown. However, being a child of the 1960s growing up with Chris Kraft at the helm of Mission Control, hearing historic transmissions of John Glenn when he passed Perth and Neil Armstrong when he set foot on the moon, seeing Challenger blow up in real time and, more recently, numerous videos of shuttle missions that became so commonplace we stopped paying attention to them, you notice things that are routine, systematic, organized and orderly for such cutting edge exploration and discovery - real life source material for movie making.The director obviously has never video transmissions from US shuttle missions, Mir, the ISS or any of the myriad combinations of the international space mission that have been available for at least the last decade, if not longer.Simply put, the laws of physics were suspended in the making of this movie. The only setting of the stage is people doing something for some unknown reason with no one else around when an inexplicable event puts them in mortal danger.Individuals of questionable abilities with unstable personalities that NASA would never recruit are faced with impossible odds and, of course, survive . . . what a load of crap.Ron Howard did an excellent job on 'Apollo 13'. 'The Right Stuff' was totally captivating in every detail. 'Gravity' doesn't even come close . . .

The sole reason I watched this film, was because of the high ratings it's gotten here on IMDb. Usually I tend to agree with most people regarding which films are worth watching and not. Well, this time I could not possibly disagree any more. This move was absolutely atrocious.The plot is ridiculous, the characters are boring, the story line is frustrating and not once during the movie did I feel anything else than "please just die so the movie can be over!". Why would people want to pay money to see this? I realize the only reason this movie got an Oscar is because of the technical pictures, but for God's sake - when you make a film, you need to entertain the viewer at least somewhat.The spoiler is this: IT'S ATROCIOUS, DON'T WATCH IT!

You have George Clooney & Sandra Bullock, 2 of Hollywood A-listers in a B-list movie! I got about halfway through the movie & I took it out of my Blu-Ray player because there was absolutely NO character development & an almost equally undeveloped plot! This abysmal movie had no introduction & just went right to the scenes! Absolutely hideous! I think the critics were on weed when they reviewed this movie! Initially, I thought "The Lake House" was the worst Sandra Bullock movie, until I rented this piece of garbage! Fans of Sandra Bullock will put this movie right up there with "Speed 2: Cruise Control" as the worst movie she's done! Don't get me wrong, I'm a Sandra Bullock fan, but just not of this movie! It's rare that I take a Sandra Bullock movie before finishing it, but that's exactly what I did with this movie! George Clooney's acting doesn't make up for an absolutely horrible plot! Don't waste your hard-earned money on this movie because it isn't worth it!

I got this at Redbox and it was the worst $1.20 I ever spent. This movie is unbelievably awful on every level known to man. Save your money and go to the dollar store instead. If you have nothing to do and need to watch something watch QVC instead, a test pattern is more interesting than this excuse of a movie. The only reason I can think of that people watched this is to see George Clooney and Sandra B. They should be ashamed to take money for this movie. I suppose the reason they chose to be in this is to continue their income stream. It is best watched with the sound off on the TV, actually with the TV off would be a better way to see this movie. Turn off the TV and vacuum the carpet instead, it will be more fun.

This has become one of my favourite movies. Everyone would say prior to the release it was a stupid concept and that no one would see this film. The moment i saw the trailer i knew that it could scrape in some well deserved Academy Awards. But then i saw Gravity and it blew me away entirely. The fact it made so much money as it did was also quite a shock, but it was well earned. Just from watching a few scenes one can realize how much work that was really put in to this project. The day the Oscar nominations were announced and Gravity came out with 10 i also knew that this was a well deserved achievement. If anyone who saw the 86th Oscars and thought gravity didn't deserve these awards, watch the film before you pass judgement. It takes you to a new place in life and is just impressive in every single way.

So, despite being in awe the first minutes into watching, during the loss-of-signal period, I was thinking wait a minute, Mission Control couldn't link to a transmitter in, let's say, Australia or use a relay satellite? (I admit that thought might not have crossed, and hence bothered, the less nerdy viewer's mind.) Oh well, for the sake of drama, the heroes need to figure a way out of this havoc on their own. So after the somewhat surprising but not unwelcomed riddance of the über-hero guy, she goes vessel-hopping from ISS to a Chinese space station picking up obscure radio signals rather than any mission control - just saying, the Chinese one could be in reach, right? Instead, the station blows up and she ends up in a Soyus spacecraft where she pushes the magic landing button that made 007's return to earth in Moonraker look like a NASA documentary.Actually, Clooney did the smart thing. If I had blown up most of humankind's space fleet, I wouldn't be so keen to make it back to earth either.

Aside from all of the appalling acting and space discrepancies this film will make you want to throw up. It is a vertigo inducing nightmare of a film which leads to one conclusion. Sandra Bullock is rubbish in space. I find her annoying in most movies I have seen her in but this takes the prize for worst of all. George Clooney did well to un-tether himself and escape when he did. It probably wasn't in the original script he just came to his senses and decided enough was enough. A mystical force also seemed to agree with him and defying the laws of physics miraculously helped him on his way. If you see this film make sure you have the following 3 items on your person, a sick bag, ear plugs and a blindfold.

The plot of the movie is Space. That itself is a challenging part for the movie, which is depicted in a brilliant way by the Director Alfonso Cuarón. The Emptiness and loneliness of space is well presented in the movie. The breathtaking visuals and very deep scores is really outstanding and go well blended with the movie. Technical study done to take this movie is impressive. It shows the dedication put in the details of the film. A pure thriller for almost every audience. Widely based on a proposed theory called Kessler syndrome (look for this after you watch the movie), which deals with satellite chain reaction in space. Well selected casting. Impressive acting by Sandra Bullock. George Clooney performed his best in the given character sketch. The fear and expressions are well presented. Every single shot has a psychological impact in many different aspects. A must watch in my opinion for Sci-Fi lovers, space enthusiasts, Thriller .etc.

Houston, We Have the Future of MoviesAssuming the average viewer interested in seeing this film knows what it's about, I'm going to skip the plot summary—albeit brief—and jump right into how much I loved this stunning piece of art. Director Alfonso Cuarón has a knack for beauty—he directed the most magical of all the Harry Potter films, recreating the world with a dark splendor; his dystopian CHILDREN OF MEN was a cinematic wonderland; Y TU MAMA TAMBIEN was so gorgeous in its simplicity—and now he creates a quasi-horror film set in space that is so dazzling and magnificent a part of you wants to keep drifting aimlessly around the globe. The film is a thrill-ride, with a booming and heart-racing score that perfectly coincides with the tempo and action. The performances from George Clooney and specifically Sandra Bullock, who basically carries the film on her shoulders, are strong. We are with Dr. Stone (Bullock) every step—or floating inch—of the way, and we don't want to lose contact. This is the future of film, and when executed the correct way, as this film is, the thought is beyond exciting. The effects are breathtaking—but most importantly they're unnoticeable. They flow along with the film as easily as Dr. Stone does in zero gravity. Be warned—I wanted to immediately re-watch the film as soon as it was over; part of me was thankful I was on earth but another part of me was curious to take a trip around space—and perhaps get lost in it's beauty. And that's just it—the film is frighteningly seductive. But I don't mind at all. Give me more!

Seven years is too long of a wait for a director to bring out his latest film. That is the case with director Alfonso Cuarón. His most recent outing, Children of Men, came out in 2006. But to this movie fan, it was well worth the wait.Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) is on her first space shuttle mission. She is accompanied by veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski (George Clooney), who is on his last mission. While in space, the astronauts find out about debris being through space destroying anything in its way. The mission is aborted, leaving the shuttle destroyed, and the astronauts stranded in space. While Stone is stranded and freaked out, Kowalski comes to her as they only have 90 minutes until the debris returns around the earth. The two keep trying to contact Mission Control in Houston to no avail. They make it back to the shuttle, to find the remaining crew dead and the shuttle damaged beyond repair. There is a nearby Soyuz that they can make it to nearby. However, that is also damaged beyond repair and the ship used to take astronauts home is also gone. They end up at the International Space Station, thanks to Kowalski's thruster. However, his momentum is pulling them both away. But Kowalski's confidence assures her that she can fly the damaged Soyuz module to a nearby Chinese space station with a landing module based on how the Soyuz is designed.This is a very powerful film with a great story, thanks to the many efforts of visionary director Alfonso Cuarón. His direction keeps the story exciting, entertaining, and makes us wonder what will happen next. The story is simple, yet effective. Cuarón proves that less is more. He does a nice job of combining story and structure. He does some excellent and creative work with the camera and showing us very nice shots of what is happening. Cuarón wrote the screenplay with his son Jonás Cuarón. Together, they wrote a simple script, but show that you don't need a lot of words to make an effective script.Sandra Bullock gives the best performance of her career at the front and center of this film. She does excellent at showing the many emotions of Dr. Ryan Stone. She does a great job at being the newbie who is freaked out, but able to get calm and rely on what she knows and what she can do in order to make it back to Earth safely. As an audience, we feel sympathy for Stone and want her make it back. Bullock shows her will and desire, and more importantly her perseverance as Stone. George Clooney is fun and entertaining in his role as Matt Kowalski. Clooney brings his confidence and zaniness to the role. With this performance, Clooney shows us a guy who knows his stuff and can keep calm in a tough situation.With this story, there are many great technical aspects. The big standout are the visual effects. The visual effects team in this film make us as an audience feel like we are in space with Stone and Kowalski. They also do a very nice job with the efficiency of little things floating in space, and not overdoing with the debris flying. Alfonso Cuarón's longtime director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki does some very beautiful work with the camera, especially with the pans in the continuous shots. Cuarón also edited this, which he collaborated with Mark Sanger. Together, they did a very efficient and compelling job of cutting when necessary and showing us what is important to see in this story. The sound design is also very effective and does a great job at putting together the dialogue of the actors, and hearing the noises of the space stations, and powerful when debris crashes. The other big technical standout is the loud and moving music by composer Steven Price. His score is effective at knowing when things are calm and when trouble is imminent.

In a cinematic world where special effects are commonplace, I don't rhapsodize about them anymore. I expect seamless special effects. However as a story, this movie is as boring and predictable as they come. I would have expected a different movie, but the previews are so misleading as to make me feel cheated.The movie plot seemed to be an amalgamation of all of the movies that came before. I came away feeling that I could have assembled this movie by editing together scenes from 2001, Red Planet, Alien, Star Trek, etc.The funny thing is that the minimum review length is ten lines, but there isn't enough substance to warrant that length.Admittedly, the movie is visually stunning.

First of all i don't hate this movie... visuals/3D effects are awesome. But i don't know why everyone is constantly giving high rating to this movie. The story is kind of average and there is nothing exciting about it. We can guess what happens in the end the moment we watch 10-15 mins of the movie. Also, sandra bullock keeps on saying that she failed to work with spaceship/simulator in the past.. why would NASA send such person to space??. "I hate space" dialogue was ridiculous. I agree that we cant expect much from a movie whose entire storyline revolves around space, but the plot was not upto the mark and you cannot judge a movie just based on its 3D effects.

The fall of George Clooney is absolutely not realistic, there is no technical reason why he should fall away. Other blog's published a complete list of "big errors": locally some effect is realistic but the general picture is impossible (the several space stations involved in the movie move at a relative speed of several kilometers/sec, a satellite or a space station takes several days to fall down from the height of several hundreds kilometers, etc.). Anyway what really I could not stand were the poor story, the silly dialogs, the pleonastic and exaggerated recitation: it is a bad film, technics apart. The scene of Sandra Bullock on the lake shore, at the end of the film, reminded me the dying soldier/Peter Sellers with the trumpet in Hollywood Party (PS: she was not dying).

'Gravity' marketing team should be credited to have created calibrated enthusiasm starting with releasing the first trailers leading up to its Venice premiere. So, I considered myself privileged to be an audience to a preview which I saw a full two days before the world saw it in theatres.What did I see ? How beautiful the earth looks from space. How spectacular sunrises and sunsets can be. How NASA imagery of the earth makes it real out of the world pictures. And of course an immersive 3D experience created in Macbook Pros. If 'Gravity' is drawing rave reviews from critics who first saw it in festivals - I think we are moving to an age where anyone with a mobile device and 3D editing software will morph celebrity faces to create 'Gravity' of their own, in the near future.Too much has been written about Cuaron's signature longshots and James Cameron's endorsement of a project which was conceived 4 years ahead of today. But cinema - is it today only about engagement, entertainment and experience OR more about story, reality, script, screenplay, acting and messaging ? I left the theatre at the end - unsure if 'Gravity' is worthy to be screened in theatres or a better fit for screening in themeparks, Astrodomes or Planetariums.Absurd reality has been as much a part and parcel of Bollywood movies as has been its song and dance. Cuaron can be credited to have consumed a lot of such 70/80s Bollywood absurdity to make a superwoman out of Sandra Bullock. Unlike Bollywood, she does not need to survive after six bullets are pumped inside her, though. However, if hopping and hiking from space-station to space-station was not enough, - wait till you see use of a fire extinguisher to propel her to a earth return vehicle in a ridiculous sprint against satellite debris as her co-runners.Great South Indian hero, Rajnikant would watch such an end spectacle and rue the chance of not having Cuaron as director during his heydays.

I am going to make this a quick one because it's not even worth my time. Normally i do reviews from films that are underrated. This film obvious is the opposite. No story. Barely dialog. Dumb acting from Clooney. And because it's just Clooney and Bullock the only thing i liked a bit was her acting. but that couldn't made up for this horror of a movie. Without the end title screen the film lasts 80+ minutes. The first five looked like space odyssey 2001. In comparison to time. 70 minutes there was something going on. But no story. I really ask myself how many turds vote this film above average. And are some involved in the film industry? Since Nespresso Clooney got drunk. This film as an abomination. There was no script i think. Just some guys having some cool CGI and took some disaster orbit shots of debris. NO STORY AT ALL. Man i miss Battlestar Galactica 2003.This film got 7 Oscars and i really wonder for what? Only some CGI looked cool. The rest of the film is very bad. And so not believeble. First time I say this on IMDb but this was not worth the time i spend on it. Make up your own mind but my advise, stay away from this flick.. Its a waste of time.

This movie has a lot of spinning in it, weightless floating in outer space.That mostly sums up the entire movie for you and is all you need to know going in to viewing this movie, that it has lots and lots and lots of spinning.Sandra Bullock spins all over the place after her accident, and she is just spinning around and around and around in circles all over the place in space.I recommend this movie if you are a fan of watching people spin around a lot.

Luckily I didn't have any clue about this film before I got to my seat as I would have probably not gone. So here are my observations as humble as they are:1. Plot -.there wasn't one, or at least it went over my head. Just a lot of panting by Sandra bullock - and space debris. 2. The panting - incredibly annoying and I felt as though I was going to have an asthma attack halfway thru. Take a nebuliser with you just in case. 3. Unbelievability - (is that a word?). An instruction manual for a space ship? Pleeeese... It was like setting up a new dishwasher. Now we know what they do at NASA. 4. Lack of character depth - I hated them all. In fact I wanted them to orbit earth forever. 5. Ripley rip-off - major elements of Alien coming thru as Ms Bullock whimpered around in vest and knickers. Exactly the same colour and design as Ripley but nowhere near as well worn as Ms Weaver. My closing thoughts - why oh why could a crocodile or shark not drag her under, and what happened to the aliens??! I LOVE space films and this was certainly no classic. What are the Academy Awards thinking? This smells of Clooney nepotism.

If you're easily distracted by shiny objects, sure, you'll love this movie - and hey, more power to you; it does look like a million bucks (well, lots of millions actually) no question about it. If, however, you like your entertainment having something resembling a plot and/or know anything at all about things moving around other things in space, you'll be brutally disappointed - the plot is thinner than a soap bubble and the science... well... let's just say there's nothing they do that doesn't break physics in some way.I'm not going to try to pick apart every single thing here from why debris doesn't cascade like that to how shrapnel would either float past fairly harmlessly, zip past completely invisibly fast or not be in your orbit at all, to how there's no "tug" on a tether in space once all parties involved stopped moving relative to each other, to how you don't just skip between vastly different orbits at a whim etc; it's not any particular point when things get stretched thin, the whole wreck is running on pure fantasy from beginning to end. Others wrote at length about that already...But therein lies the problem. There's suspension of disbelief, and there's mandatory lobotomy - this flick requires the latter, sadly. I have no problem with Warp drives in Star Trek or 1m long lasers in Star Wars - because they are admittedly fantasy worlds, never sold as "realistic", as something that is actually conceivably happening involving contemporary technology. "Gravity" on the other hand would have you believe just that - being in the same class as, say, "Apollo 13". Well, fat chance.I mean, seriously - could you really watch, say, a police procedural allegedly set roughly in the present, in this universe where two cops in New York talk about taking the next lawnmower to Moscow with a straight face...? Would you really want to have your plot pivot on that...? If anything, that would be MORE realistic than the orbit-hopping-with-a-nearly-depleted-MMU-or-landing-rockets in "Gravity".As far as I'm concerned, all the shiny FX in the world are completely worthless if the movie systematically makes it impossible for me to suspend disbelief, and doesn't at least attempt to reward me with an exquisite plot that would make up for it. "Gravity" puts all its chips on lots of 3D 'splodey things and whizzy things, and that is why it completely fails for me. If you can leave your brain at home going to see this, go for it. Everyone else: AVOID.

Gravity is all cinema should be. Perilous, contradictory, cathartic, insightful. It's a film about everyone and a film about just one person. It results in a film that's at once the biggest scale film possible and incredibly intimate and personal. This is a rare event to be treasured. After one of my all-time favourite films Children of Men, the brilliant sensual Y Tu Mama Tambien and the best of the Harry Potter films Prisoner of Azkaban, it was quite clear that Alfonso Cuaron is a talented director who will stand the test of time. Which meant he was free to take his time as it seemed like we were waiting forever for Gravity, coming 7 years after we last saw him. I read the script while it was still playing the festival circuit and even on paper, it was compelling, moving and unpredictable. Even though I knew what happens, I couldn't have been more excited and the hype was the highest it's been for a film in a long time.And what a total full-body full-soul roller-coaster it was. Like the rest of the world, I had tears in my eyes the whole time with my jaw dropped in awe and my breathing in sync with its protagonist. It captures the human condition in all its physical and meta-physicality. Needless to say about its true star, this is most likely the best visual effects there's ever been. It seems every year we're going to get a special effects laden blockbuster from an auteur that innovates the technology, gathers all the technical Oscars and attempts to use it to its full artistic potential. Sometimes that potential is limited, with Martin Scorsese's Hugo and James Cameron's Avatar disappointing. Sometimes that potential is pretty good, with Ang Lee's Life Of Pi and Christopher Nolan's Inception satisfying enough. But it's never been quite as extraordinary as Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity.Combined with the careful and stunning use of sound design and Emmanuel Lubezki's thrilling and intelligent cinematography, its conviction provides a convincing and heart-pounding experience. It has ideal pacing as it stays suspenseful yet is able to breathe. There's a priceless excitement and cinematic magic with excessively unbroken shots that films of all genres indulge in, but Gravity takes it to another level in its shots that last over 15 minutes. Sure there was undoubtedly extensive post-production work involved to stitch shots together but that work was meticulous that you can't help but get swept away in the illusion. In the IMAX, saw a trailer for the next Hobbit film beforehand and I immediately regretted what I had gotten myself into. 3D just doesn't seem ready to do justice to its name. I only ever enjoyed it once and that was Toy Story 3, where the filmmakers had control of all the layers.However, Gravity may be the first live-action 3D film I've seen to actually make it work. Life Of Pi may have deserved some of its acclaim, but it only worked in certain shots. That's because not all the layers were designed for 3D. Gravity has the benefit of having very few layers - often it was only astronaut and/or space station, Earth, background resulting in more control and less to get in the way. In the script the distances between things were often miles apart, but with nothing to obstruct the view. 3D enhances that sense of scale and makes it immersive and utterly visceral. Even now, life still feels so small scale in comparison. Despite its limitations of plot and character, it's extremely rewarding that Gravity is a film where every viewer takes something different and valuable away from it. Whether it be about a woman's plight with gravity, the human instinct of perseverance or simply having a story to tell.The idea that stuck with me most is the acceptance of death. If not now, if not in an hour, then anytime in the future. It's something that has always motivated art and Gravity hits the spot. While it is thanks to the depth of the writing in such an action packed film, reading the script didn't have the same effect. It's due to Sandra Bullock's committed performance. There's a lot to admire in Bullock and George Clooney's performances. The way Gravity was shot required them to repeat actions to the milli-meter. For them to still incorporate soul into their characters with such restrictions requires genuine talent, and although I skipped The Blind Side, I definitely believe in Bullock. That said, Clooney is getting a lot of the complaints in that he's irritatingly 'just being Clooney.' While I feel I can defend that in the level of precision required in every take that the fact he does 'just do Clooney' is a feat in itself, the film does suffer from its Hollywood cheese-charm dialogue. It does add an essential flavour in the otherwise sparse film, but its timing is the problem, and often it feels inappropriate.Unfortunately, that 'Americanised' appeal added to the film also damages the score, that too often feels invasive and manipulative. It's a great score, but it needed to be dialled down a few notches for a more subtle and graceful effect. Regardless of these minor inconsistencies, Gravity is an instant iconic film for the ages. It may be another special effect heavy film that will most likely play second fiddle to something more to the Academy's taste, assuming the predicted 12 Years A Slave/Gravity love split stays strong til Oscar night, but this time it's a completely worthy one. Even detractors have to admit, in many ways Gravity is simply astonishing. However, the concern is - how will it fare on DVD? Is this exclusively a 3D IMAX experience? We'll have to wait a few months to find out but I urge anyone to witness it in that way rather than tablets and phones. Now I'm going to find an even bigger screen to watch it again.9/10

I would place Gravity up in the echelons of other space films such as 2001: A Space Odyssey and Wall-E. I felt gripped from the start and in my opinion, that is one major criteria of excellent cinema.It is beautifully rendered. The visuals are beyond stunning and the 3D is brilliantly executed. So very many films have been utilizing 3D which adds no value to the movie and are completely third rate. This film utilizes the extra dimension in the best way possible, to give the viewer the best possible experience. The beautifully crafted film employs visuals that will leave the viewer stunned, mystified and in awe. To prevent spoiling the film, all i shall say is the visual scenes are grand and brilliant in every way. Cinematography at its finest.However, great visuals only do not a great work of art make. The visual thrills are one of the many sensational aspects in the film. The directing is spot on, masterfully rendered. Visionary if i may say so. The audience is made to feel part of the experience, captured and drawn in as if at that place in time and seeing through the eyes of the characters. The intermingling of a great score and tenderly directed scenes that capture every moment, every emotion and every tiny speck of humanity making this a triumph.A brilliantly thought up story. One would think the story line is redundant and overdone. Others would question the depth of a story such as this. To these people i implore 'WATCH THE MOVIE!'. A story so simple and yet so intense. One which brings together the elements of a great thriller, with surprises at every turn and elements of great drama, a story that taps into the deepest emotions and into the psyche of these characters dissecting their every thought and action. It is a story of hope, courage and strength from the darkest abyss, despair, loss the power of laughter in extreme deadly situations and the power of fear and what it drives us to. It is a story of personal growth and personal development. A true survival tale in the harshest of environments and what keeps us alive. The psychology is explored and its role in life and the pursuit of survival.It is the emotional quotient that drives this film, the masterful direction and masterclass acting by Bullock and Clooney. The sheer craftsmanship of this film by its director and stellar cast make this film excellent in every way. Bullock and Clooney are artists, they bring to life, create these personalities and characters who will leave you in awe. I shall certainly watch it again. And despite the idiot who kept kicking my seat every 2 minutes, even that did not deter my attention. This is a great film. Word of advice: Please do not take little children to this film. I had 2 children sitting a few rows down who were so restless and kept talking the whole way through until a woman stood up to reprimand the parents. The parents received many more complaints.

This is one of the best movies I've seen, indeed the best of it's genre. The VFX is very stunning and beautiful, I am very proud of Daði one of the VFX directors and a man from my town for this masterpiece. The storyline is simple and can be very touchy at some times. Alfonso Cuarón surprises his viewers with this amazing film which in my opinion should be nominated for the 86th Academy Awards in March 2014 in many subjects. Sandra Bullock is an Oscar deserved actress with great talents and should clearly be nominated for this one, obviously more deserved than the statue she earned in 2011 for The Blind Side. Well after all, I'd say this film is one of the top 30 films I have ever seen.

Gravity is a movie about trying to survive an impossible situation, and its filmmakers do something almost as difficult: Create a Hollywood blockbuster that's so original and eye-popping, it causes the collective jaw of jaded moviegoers to drop.This thriller about two astronauts stranded after a disaster in space is so harrowing, because its visuals are so believable. It's the rare movie where the effects are so convincing; you forget they are effects at all.In this day and age when every DVD seems to come with a whole batch of behind-the-scenes documentaries, most savvy moviegoers can spot the tricks of the trade and know how most cinematic illusions are achieved. So, it's enormously refreshing to watch a movie that is wall-to-wall special effects and not be able to discern any of its secrets. Director Alfonso Cuaron is known as an innovative filmmaker (any movie buff who has not seen Children of Men needs to stop what they're doing this instant and go see it). With this film, he devised a whole new bag of tricks to get the movie from script to screen. (One hint: Cuaron reportedly dangled the actors from wires inside a cube of LED lights. I can't begin to fathom how that translated into what you see on film – and I'm not sure if I want to know.) The result is a movie that demands to be seen not only in a theater, but in IMAX 3D. Splurge for the more expensive ticket – it's worth it.As it has often been said, the most spectacular effects are worthless if they're not used to tell a compelling story. Cuaron knows the audience must be invested in the characters. Having two likable stars -- Sandra Bullock and George Clooney -- helps accomplish that aim, as does a script that fleshes out their personae, albeit through some clumsy exposition. Clooney and Bullock are the only actors with speaking parts whose faces appear on screen, but they both have such natural charisma, they are all we really need to see. One other key character is heard but not seen: Ed Harris, in a clever bit of casting, reprises his Apollo 13 role as the voice of mission control. (Apparently, it's a law in Hollywood that you can't make a realistic movie about the space program without the star of The Right Stuff being involved in some way.) The character moments are sprinkled into a story that unfolds at breakneck pace in near real time. At a concise 91 minutes, the movie is perfectly structured and a model of narrative efficiency. Bullock's character barely gets a chance to catch her breath, and neither does the audience.Gravity is not without it flaws, however. Despite the movie's extremely realistic look, it contains a payload bay's worth of scientific inaccuracies. (Allow me to go all Space Geek on you for a moment.) Beyond the obvious fact the space shuttles are all currently residing in museums and that one of the other spacecraft depicted in the movie does not yet exist – there are other glaring problems. According to this movie, every man made object orbiting the earth is at the same altitude and latitude. (Fact: They're not.) Some basic laws of physics also apparently don't apply in this film's universe. (I could go on, but I won't.) The movie's accurate depiction of spaceflight, though, is less important than its emotional genuineness. It's a story about the human spirit and the will to survive. Bullock's character, a space rookie, was a doctor in her earthbound life and her backstory is a tragic one. For her, venturing to space is a way of escaping her pain. But in facing death, she discovers a newfound desire to live. It's an inspiring portrayal in a movie that is itself an inspiring artistic achievement.

'GRAVITY', its the most wonderful 3D experience of my life. I have seen a number of movies about spaceships, alien worlds etc but none of those detailed the picture of space like this one. Camera movements, light and sound were just fantastic. Sandra bullock and George Clooney,their expressions were perfect. I bet audience have also enjoyed their conversations. After watching this movie I have felt how lucky i am to be a part of this wonderful world. The direction of Alfonso Cuaron is just hilarious. It was so good that even I felt the helplessness of Dr.Ryan Stone right from my seat in the cinema hall. The scenes of collisions and explosions were equally bizarre because there were no sound(and that is normal in the space). The visual effects, extraordinary 3D effects and the thrill which have been maintained throughout the whole movie will definitely make it one of the finest creations of Hollywood.

Well I just watched most intense movie EVER....it was amazing, mind boggling, and extremely stressful in a good way. When I went to see "Gravity," I was expecting to come back and be able to write a wordy review telling how it was just two people floating around in space talking about life while they die, this was not the case. What I saw is beyond words, beyond anything I have ever seen. This is the kind of movie that brings film back to the height of innovation, it felt like seeing a movie for the first time. The movie was 91 minutes, but it felt like 20. It was spectacular, jaw dropping, suspenseful, and the most starkly beautiful film I have seen in a long time. It's hard to put what I saw into words, so what I can recommend is just see it, because it is going to go down in the history books. Also see it in 3D, 1000% worth it! I'm just going to go sit and think about it now and maybe have a warm cup of soothing tea...and fall and kiss the earth, because I can. Watch the film!

If u want to experience the feeling of being in space, view of Earth from space, want to feel space thrill then u must watch "GRAVITY". Amazing space film I've ever seen. Awesome Direction, Cinematography and Acting. There is one condition, U must watch this film in IMAX theaters. Because in IMAX, U not only see a film but u experience it. In IMAX 3D, u fill like u r also there in the space with those characters and experiencing the same thing. and second, IMAX has Mind-Blowing sound that no other theater can beat its sound quality. Also this film has some breathtaking scenes and 3D effects that I've literally closed my eyes for a moment in some scenes. A Salute to Director "Alfonso Cuaron" for making such a wonderful film. A MUST MUST MUST Watch film !!!

I went to see this movie last night at our local theatre and it was my first 3D experience.I don't usually like sci-fi or space films. They are generally bleak and difficult to follow. This one was simple to follow. A team of 3 astronauts are doing rather mundane tasks when they are told by mission control that some space junk is speeding in their direction. The lead character played by Sandra Bullock is not well, and appears depressed but she is getting her job done when the news of space shrapnel arrives. George Clooney is a seasoned astronaut who admires the majesty of space but treats it like it's another day at the office. His calm is vital for diffusing the life threatening events. I don't want to write any more about the plot than that as it would spoil it for those who haven't seen it yet.Bullock's character Ryan Stone is a woman who has all but given up on life. She doesn't see the beauty of her surroundings and isn't sure she even cares if she lives or dies. She will have to make that decision multiple times throughout this film.This movie must be seen in a theatre. I cannot imagine that it would have the same impact at home on a small screen. The sound is outstanding. There are moments of complete silence - like one would experience in the vacuum of space. The visuals of earth in the distance are so realistic you might believe the movie was actually shot on location. This is as close as most of us will ever get to space travel but instead of being fun - it's terrifying! I would agree wholeheartedly with Ryan Stone when she says "I hate space!" See this movie. Don't go to the theatre expecting Gravity to contain a lot of plot or dialogue. Suspend any disbelief about technicalities. Just enjoy it for the audio and visual masterpiece that this film undoubtedly is.

The film is a waste of time. Sandra Bullock plays an irritating character compounded with bad acting (she should stick to comedies). Clooney plays a typical Hollywood cliché hero with some of the worst lines i have had to endure in a long time. No plot, no special effects, no direction, just very predictable. Waste of time and money. In this day and age of technology I have higher expectations. This film comes out of nowhere and goes nowhere. There has not been much thought about plot or depth of any character,considering there are only two actors!!!! I would not even class this film as science fiction as there is nothing very innovative nor any attempt to stretch your imagination.

The veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski (George Clooney) is in charge of the Shuttle Explorer's STS-157 mission to repair of the Hubble Telescope by the rookie specialist Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock). Out of the blue, Houston control aborts the mission warning that a Russian missile hit a satellite, causing a chain reaction and now there is a storm of debris coming upon them. Soon they lose communication with the Mission Control in Houston. The debris strike the Explorer and Ryan is released from the shuttle and Kowalski is forced to bring her back to the shuttle. However, the Explorer is completely damaged and now their only chance to return to Earth is to reach another space station. But they are short of oxygen and fuel. "Gravity" is a movie absolutely original and different, and impossible to be described in words. The only way to understand the reason for 10 nominations to the Oscar and another 79 wins and 81 nominations is experiencing "Gravity" in 3D Movie Theaters.Alfonso Cuarón associated high-technology with magnificent performances, and Sandra Bullock was nominated to the Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role, and this is also remarkable. The movie transmits anxiety, distress and anguish to the viewer mainly because of the performance of Sandra Bullock that is wonderful as actress and woman. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Gravidade" ("Gravity")Note: On 12 February 2014, I saw this movie again.

After getting a nice TV, and a nice blue-ray player, I decided to buy a movie in 3d for the debut of my gear. "Gravity" seemed the perfect choice for my first ever blue-ray: 3d, space, Bullock, Clooney.. expectations were high. Only thing that saved my night: the 3d effects. It made me feel almost like watching IMAX Hubble (not that the effects were that great, but it felt like it)... other than that, do not waste your time. Voices apart, you can count on only two characters, and one dies half way in the movie!... and you are left with one person talking to herself and performing all those very implausible tasks, like moving from one module to another.. etc. Save yourself from this space debris and find something else to watch.

I'm still wondering how it won 7 Oscars and was nominated for Best Picture. Maybe it's just me... Pros: Audio/visual effects are well done; Action begins quickly; and, It's relatively short (a pro in the sense that the pain of watching is over quickly). Cons: Dialog is awful; Acting is awful (in Sandra/George's defense, no one can save this script); Plot is borderline comical when it's attempting to be suspenseful/dramatic; and, By no fault of the film/director/actors, this movie set high expectations (at least for me) and couldn't have been further from the mark. Overall, it wins 2-stars for the audio/visual effects and the fact that, should this movie not have won 7 Oscars, my expectations would have been lower and I wouldn't have been so disappointed.

Worst movie I have ever seen. Although the visual graphics were nice, the movie lacked anything to grab the viewers and the ending was the most lackluster ending I've ever seen. I could have written a better script. Shame on Sandra Bullock and George Clooney for stealing viewers money. Given the status of both actors, they should have known it was garbage and not made it. Anything for money I guess.This movie went on and on and in the end, left the viewers wanting something, anything. Gosh, I have to write at least 10 lines? I can't even think of anything worth saying in regards to this movie that could fill 10 lines. This movie was a waste of money and I wish I could have my 91 minutes back.

Is this movie overrated? No, since Source Code or Apollo 11 American have been waiting for some good sci-fi movie for so long, so after this one come out with a very interesting idea they suddenly really love this one! I watch this movie because I'm Sandra's fans and of course she is so pretty in this movie although her role is just...decent, not the Oscar-worthy one. For me, just my opinion this movie is just some plain survival-adventure-thriller movie which the miracle always came to save our hero. For sci-fi genre, this movie win but for thriller/suspense this movie is kind of fail. We can predict what will happen next because we always saw this type of movie but in different background and I really don't really care or pay attention about what will happen to the character, seriously. Many incorrect scientific accuracy but who cares? It's fiction so just enjoy this. For the exhilarating cinematography and the beautiful Sandra.

Gravity is Alfonso Cuaron's first movie in seven years and it's well worth the wait. Once again he proves that he is one of the most visionary directors working today and he delivers a film on par with his masterpiece Children of Men. The movie stars Sandra Bullock as Ryan Stone, a first time astronaut who is the sole surviver of a devastating wreckage that leaves her drifting in space. She must fight against all odds to get back to earth. Needless to say the visual effects are amazing, perhaps the best ever seen on film. It is beautiful to behold. The view of earth from space is stunning and the scenes of chaotic debris flying every which way is equally beautiful even as it is terrifying. The 3D only helps to enhance the experience, making the audience feel as through their floating along right next to Ryan Stone. The cinematography is equally amazing. It's fluid motions are like brush strokes on a canvas, and it should finally get Emmanuel Lubezki a well deserved Oscar for his work. Perhaps most surprising though was the great score by Steven Price. The fact that this is only Price's third film score makes it all the more impressive. But it is not a movie that relies entirely on it's groundbreaking effects. At the heart of the movie is Sandra Bullock's performance. By far her best turn yet, Bullock takes this science fiction thriller and turns it into a very human story. A conflict between the fight to survive and the fight to go on living. Throughout the film it is clear that Stone is distant, almost detached from the other characters. She seems almost indifferent at times to the horror that surrounds her. It becomes clear that she had never come to terms with life after the death of her young daughter. The audience need only look into her eyes to see the cold indifference behind the fear. It is an emotion that is all the stronger when one is in space, and able to see just how inconsequential they are to the grand scale of the world and the universe. The audience, along with Stone, is left to wonder, does it really matter? If you die, the world will continue to spin as if nothing ever happened. Gravity is more than just a movie, it's an experience. One of the few films that can take you out of your seat and completely immerse you in the thrills, the tension and even the feeling of weightlessness. It is a movie about survival. Pure and simple. Today we often take survival for granted. We have adapted our environment so thoroughly that we no longer have to fight to survive. We live comfortably in heated and air conditioned homes and we rarely think of what it means to survive versus what it means to live. We forget that it's not all about survival. After all, life is not worth living if all you do is survive.

DIRECTION The first thing to know about Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity, is that it's not just a visual spectacle, but it's an interesting character piece as well. However, it's the visual style here that places this movie among some of the best we've ever seen. It's the best 3D movie since Avatar and you can tell he's been working on this for years. Many shots specifically rely on the 3D effect to give you the trill ride Cuarón is looking for and it's incredibly effective. The aesthetic is the best I've ever seen for a space movie and is one of the more realistic one's you'll encounter to date. You really feel like you're in space floating around and experiencing something you never have before. The camera almost operates as it's floating around too. It circles often, turns in various ways and it very specific to show you depth and the different ranges of space. The visuals of earth and the sun are absolutely gorgeous and breathtaking. This is easily the best visual effects in quite some time and easily the best of 2013. Buckle up and enjoy the ride.Grade: A+SCRIPT The story is pretty simple on the surface. Ryan Stone, Sandra Bullock, is a medical engineer and is teamed up with astronaut Matt Kowalski, George Clooney, who are working on a new project up in space in lower Earth orbit when disaster strikes. It's a simple survivor story right? Wrong. They both become adrift in space and now have to team up to survive and figure out how to get back home. Throughout the struggle, we find out that Stone has some bad heartache and is still learning to grieve and let go of her pain. Yet, Kowalski, is a fun-loving guy looking to break some space records but ultimately knows what to do in order to survive. Once you start digging beneath the surface, Gravity speaks to amazing concepts of struggle and the fight to survive. This is especially difficult when you don't have anything to live for, but when you find that reason, it's not about just getting by but living each moment like it's your last. Sure, some parts of the script rely on coincidences and luck, but those moments are forgivable and small in the big picture of things.Grade: A-PERFORMANCES Sandra Bullock can be hit or miss, depending on who you ask, but in Gravity, she's a homerun. Regardless of what you think about Bullock, she does drama well and as a character who is traumatized in life and now the situation she faces, Bullock shines. Her character has depth and she brings a lot of emotion to her which is incredibly effective. You fall for her character and the struggle that she's in, both as a person and the situation. To me, this is Sandra Bullock's best role she's ever done. George Clooney has less screen time than expected but is also very good. He's the jokster, fun-loving astronaut that has a lot of stories to tell. He's also smart and comes across very engaging. Clooney doesn't have as much to do but is really good for what his character calls for. And you have to love the Ed Harris cameo. He was amazing in Apollo 13 as the NASA commander and is back in Houston as the voice that communicates back to our struggling astronauts.Grade: A+SCORE This is by far Steven Price's best score. He was great in The World's End, but his score not only is effective here but it's a critical piece to the film. This movie calls for emotion and is a huge spectacle and Price's score reflects that beautifully. He uses a lot of strings mixed with digital music and even some voice work. It's a good listen outside of the film and is perfect for what this film needed.Grade: A+FINAL THOUGHTS Gravity is a movie you want to see in 3D. In fact, go to the biggest IMAX 3D screen you can find. The visuals are absolutely stunning and gives you the best 3D thrill ride you've seen in a long time. The performances shine and you feel like you're a part of the action in space. If you want to know what it's like in space without ever going there, watch this movie. It's absolutely incredible.Overall Grade: A+

" A quest in outer space that turns life threatening and goes from hopeful to despair to hopelessness. OUR PREDICTION FOR 2014 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE FOR BEST ACTRESS, SANDRA BULLOCK. " Russell & CissyRussell & Cissy's Entertainment Values With Spoilers R & C Warnings - intense perilous sequences, some disturbing images and brief strong language (11).PG-13: Parents Strongly Cautioned : Run-time 1:35 Release Date: Friday, October 4, 2013 / Warner Brothers Russell & Cissy, the Peoples Movie Critics rate movies based on Entertainment Value only. Follow and LIKE us on facebook at TwoMovieCritics .---------------------------------------- Sandra Bullock is a medical engineer on her first shuttle mission. Her commander is veteran astronaut George Clooney is on his last flight before retirement.Then, on a routine space walk, disaster strikes and the shuttle is destroyed, leaving Bullock and Clooney stranded in deep space with no link to Earth and no hope of rescue.As their fear turns to panic, they realize that the only way home may be to venture further into space.

I know this flick is classified as science fiction, but as it is not set in the future and clearly refers to real, present-day entities (NASA, the ISS, Soyuz...) I couldn't watch this as a sci-fi movie. If you know anything about manned space flight and care just a little bit about plausibility and real-life physics, you will be disappointed.As many people have pointed out in the goofs section, a lot of the movie is incorrect and implausible, starting from the main character's background and training to orbital physics, to idiotic plot twists. I face-palmed so many times while watching this, my forehead still hurts.Factuality aside, the script doesn't make up for it. On the contrary, it is littered with clichés and platitudes to such a degree that it is embarrassing. While the protagonists stumble from one cringe moment to the next, drama unfolds in the most predictable ways. I could invariably foretell the next 5 minutes at any point, and as such the story is utterly boring and left me completely disengaged. I could not have cared less about the fate of Bullock's character, I even was slightly disappointed she made it out alive against all odds (and no, this isn't a spoiler - this outcome has been telegraphed throughout the film). The acting by both Clooney and Bullock is uneventful and (especially in Bullock's case) sometimes downright pathetic - probably aided by idiotic dialogue written by clueless imbeciles.The only 2 positive notions are the sometimes grand visuals (but not as spectacular if you've ever seen real imagery shot from the ISS) and the short run-time (I liked this fact a lot - it somewhat reduces your suffering).My tip - watch some real, grand sci-fi instead, like 2001, Dune, the Fifth Element or such - you know, a movie with good story, engaging characters and nice pacing and effects.

This is yet another example of an over hyped and a deeply underwhelming movie. I couldn't get past the first 20 minutes but after forcing myself to watch it in full, my opinion did not change. The decent effects are the only saving grace of this shockingly awful film.The actors are also lackluster.Also, did I mention how many inaccuracies are in the film regarding simple physics. Don't waste time watching it. I wish I hadn't.

Such a bad movie, I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. If I could have given it a zero I would have. The whole picture looked like a cartoon, kept waiting to see Wile E. Coyote float by with an Acme rocket strapped to his butt. Oh wait, he did make an appearance; he was dressed as George Clooney. It would be impossible to list all the things wrong with the procedures, physics, probabilities, and command decisions. Good thing she had "how to pilot the Soyuz for Dummies" If you want to see a good movie, you have to look outside of Hollywood. There are over 10,000 pieces of debris orbiting the Earth, any one of them hitting a space craft would do severe damage, most likely destroying it. So an accident like the one in the movie is possible. That's why every single one of them is tracked till it burns up in the atmosphere. Again, don't wast your time. Horrible movie!

I'm hard pressed to point out the worst part of this moving. But I suppose it must be that "Cliff Hanger" moment when George is desperately hanging onto Sandra. Hello! There's no gravity out there! But after the drama of the crash, where there was serious change in momentum, after George DID manage to hang on, it should all be over. No more change in momentum. But no, he's clinging desperately, just like in Stallone's Cliffhanger (where there WAS gravity). No you'd think that a movie called Gravity would at least try to be scientifically accurate. 2nd stupid moment is when she's spinning around very fast. No way EVER you get out from that spin. But she did. OK, away from science to plot. Why was George so keen to sacrifice himself for someone he didn't really know or like, who'd just contributed to the drama by NOT stopping what she was doing when he asked? Please!!!

I was looking forward to watching this on my 3d TV with the family. Sadly the film did not hold our attention. The special effects were good but the story was boring. The ending became a bit silly. Given the great reviews I was expecting something special. Most great movies can be watched more than once. George Clooney and Sandra Bullock certainly must have worked their socks off in the acting department and generally they are associated with watchable films.The beginning started off well and the special effects of the debris storm was fine and the 3d screen showed the films best bits at this point. After that it went downhill and the family lost interest.We stuck with it till the end.This film is poor.

Well, deja vu a zillion of times. Movie not bad considering that there is nothing great happening in space without a x factor. Good rhythm overall which makes the movie goes fast. Impressive effects and gorgeous views of earth.Traditional fatalism where the heroes goes through more events than you have in a billion lifetimes.0 scientific knowledges and that's quite a shame giving the fact that it would have been easy to introduce some little facts it would have reduced the fatalism by Increasing dialog quality.2 characters and a couple of voices.. Easiest casting ever. It removes a dimension out of the movie.4 out of 10 because it isn't bad considering the breath taking photos, the rhythm which remains good in spite of the empty environment and also good immersive pov views,

Gravity is a perfect theatrical experience. The visual effects are incredible and Sandra Bullock's performance is impeccable. She plays her role with such convincing talent that she compensates for the movie's absence of additional characters. The film is perfectly concise and not one shot or scene is wasted. The visuals are highly enthralling, making the audience feel the peril of drifting through space. The technical aspects are brilliantly accurate as a representation of survival in outer space. The cast and crew did a superb job crafting this movie, which will undoubtedly be recognized as a classic space film in years to come. Gravity is an experience worth beholding.

I didn't get the opportunity to see "Gravity" in the theaters because I'm usually busy fighting evil spirits who are trying to take over the world (you're welcome, by the way) and, secondly, it's expensive to see movies and I usually make sure my bills are paid for and I have groceries in the fridge before I think about hitting the theater. However, I kind wish I would have taken a day off from fighting those evil spirits and went on a Ramen Noodle diet for a few days in order to see this one in an IMAX theater and in 3D. However, even on the small screen, this movie proved to be too awesome for words.Alfonso Cuarón really created a movie that was unbelievably amazing and I can't think of a single thing that was wrong with it. The story is very simple but tossed into a new orbit thanks to it being in space, the acting from Sandra Bullock is incredible and she easily gets you to sympathize with her, worry for her and cheer for her survival, the editing and camera work is fluid and natural to the point it just consumed me into the action and the visuals are more amazing to look at than a dragon fighting a unicorn while surrounded by rainbows.There was, literally, nothing about this film that I didn't like. The moment it started, the film had me on the edge of my seat and "Gravity" proved to be an amazingly awesome film that was absolutely terrifying at the same timeand I loved every second of it! This is Rev. Ron to Ground Control, do you read me? If so and want to read more of my ramblings and movie reviews, you can pilot your ship towards revronmovies.blogspot.com. Or, if you prefer to continue your course towards a different location in Internet space, you can do so.

I seriously don't understand all the hype around this movie. And I have long decided that the Oscars are useless and made up of 60 year old white men who don't know the difference between a fun film and a critical film. I did not see this in theaters. Wish I did so I could have enjoyed the cinematography to the fullest. Storyline is extremely weak and boring. How did it win so many Oscars? Sandra Bullock is jumping from one space station to another in succession. I've seen way better space movies and I am a huge sci-fi fan. It was a disappointment and I am glad that I am not the only one of the audience who felt so. Critics have given this movie two thumbs up but judging from the reviews om IMDb seems to me the general public share my opinion. This movie is a waste like most other Hollywood trash these days.

worst movie i have seen. Thought i would give it a chance and watch it but i regret giving my time up. The movie really didn't go anywhere at all, it didn't really have a storyline. it was mainly a movie of a woman floating in space screaming. Also i was not very impressed with the quality of the video. Had potential for so much more. (could of used a lot more cast) it is hard for me to write such a bad review since George Clooney is in it and he is by far my favorite after but i did not like it. If you think the movie will be different then the trailer I'm sorry but no such luck. I am happy i did not pay to go see this in theater, would of been a complete waste of money. very surprised by the ending also i was looking forward to some other caters showing up other then just Sandra Bullock.

it took me about 2 days to get the words about this movies. its awesome. even if you watch it in 720p it will make it the same, but you will regret that why didn't you watched it in 3d, it a perfect movie for any age group there are some punches by George Clooney to make you a bit. but it makes it more serious. the movie is full of emotional and action scenes especially when Sandra Bullock sees George Clooney in her dream and it gives a new spirit to the adventure. before watching the movie you think that life in space is easy and fun, when the movie ends you say to your friends or family that it was the best movie. the next day you wake up you start feeling differently you think "what was that" and you start remembering the scenes. and those who have not seen the movie, "you have a hell of a story to tell" for me i give it 4 and a half stars, and this flick deserves a sequel.

This story had me on edge, had me crying, laughing, smiling.You reallyget to know the main character and connect. This story is an inspiring story. You really need to see it if you have not seen it already. The acting and graphics are amazing. I do not know if this is based on a true story, but it seems like it could be. I would not go see it with small kids up to 6 years old, but I think after that age kids will really understand the meaning of this movie. It shows you sometimes you have to let go of the person you love sometimes for the better. It also shows the stuff that you get through make you a stronger, wiser, and more confident person. This story has truly made me proud too write this post and if I were you, I would go see it.

As most have said, in a nutshell, all of the focus on special effects and cinematography left for a neglected storyline. What a shame! Just watched it last night after much anticipation and wondered where the tension had gone that was exhibited in the trailers.It wasn't gripping, it didn't make me care about the characters, a lot was confusing to the layman who doesn't know anything about space engineering... the list goes on. Best actor was Ed Harris who opened the film as 'Houston'- couldn't see him, but he certainly sounded the most natural, a great contrast to every line by uttered by Clooney (too bad, as I like Bullock and I'm fine with Clooney when he plays Ocean-style characters).The only success if I were forced to list one (again, apart from the special effects, which like others have mentioned, lost the awe surrounding them anyway after having grown accustomed to the space views deeper into the film) is that I did feel the exposure and the vulnerability of floating in the vast, black emptiness of space, effectively emphasized by the contrast demonstrated upon re-entry into the relatively safe interior of a spacecraft or space station. But they blew it with the lack of character development, not making me feel any anxiety for Bullock or Clooney in this capacity, only for myself were I put into their situation. Again, a shame. Instead of being engrossed in Bullock's storyline or performance, we found ourselves speculating upon why her hair didn't stand up while inside the cabin in the absence of gravity and other trivialities.Basically they left the plot line in the dust. This would have been better as a documentary about space, rather than incorporating a fictional screenplay. Glad we didn't purchase it on Blu Ray, not worth a re-watch. It's not AWFUL, but it's boring, so earning at most a 3.

There were some amazing special effects, lots of excitement and tension, in the film Gravity. However, it lacked enough back story about the characters involved so that we could care about, worry about, and hope for them. If we had known more about who these people were, not just a few paragraphs about them, I would have been much more excited about their reaching earth safely. I'm sure it would have been possible to balance the excitement along with the sense of why I am worried about them, caring about them, and what it will mean if they don't make it safely to earth. And who will miss them should they not survive. Besides the viewer, who in their lives would be distraught about their loss, if gravity won? I love special effects, but I love the drama in the characters lives as much. Since they just gave gravity a Golden Glob award, I find myself disappointed that a film with such a weak story, has won. I wanted to like this film more, and granted there were a lot of exciting scenes, but it just wasn't enough story about the humans involved. Like the title, Gravity was the only star. Too bad. It could have been so much involving. I went home feeling an odd loss due to not caring much about those who were prey to gravity.

This movie has a very Alien-like vibe, with Sandra Bullock's characters fighting alone against everything and never being really saved. The acting is brilliant, as can be expected from Sandra Bullock, and the directing is awesome! The way the movie makes you lose yourself in space, until you can't tell up from down is really well-made and makes the movie that much intensive. You really feel as lost as the heroine and you get how seeing so much space, an universe that vast, can make you feel claustrophobic. In short, this is a great movie where special effects really enhance the story and don't crush it, which is rare nowadays.

Gravity is one of those movies that is a great watch, but when you get to the end, you realise how utterly contrived and lacking in substance it was. I was particularly irritated but the perfect timing and convenience of the disasters. One, even two would have been plausible, but seven was just stretching credibility (3 debris hits, the suit air supply, Clooney's thruster fuel, the fire on the Russian station, and the Russian shuttle's lack of fuel).The very opening premise seemed to me to be flawed - after all, it seems extremely unlikely that of the millions of square miles of potential orbital trajectories, the debris would happen share the exact same flight path as all three international space missions. After all, who places geo-stationary objects in the orbital path of a satellite (and if they weren't geo-stationary, how did the debris catch them)? As a piece of switch your brain off story-telling, Gravity was masterful - it had pacing, pathos, emotion, and in spite of the fact that most of the movie features a single actress not interacting with anyone, it never felt laboured or boring. However, you must understand that this movie is all style and no substance.Ignore the incongruity of a medical doctor working on a space telescope - ignore the incongruity of navigating an escape vehicle a hundred miles on landing jets only, ignore all of the many plot holes, and you are left with a movie that is still implausible on every conceivable level.Yet for all that, damn it, I still liked it. I think it's because humans have an innate love of the concept of space, and weightlessness, which this movie brought to life superbly.I see people calling this best space movie ever. It wasn't. Sunshine, Mission to Mars, Event Horizon, Outland, even Alien, did space better than this, but Gravity is certainly supremely polished and tightly edited, although the entire Indian lullaby scene left me cold.Overall, worth the watch solely for the quality of the space re-creation - everything else is a bonus.

This film is over-hyped.. I'm not saying it's poor, I just think it's not as good as you're led to believe.First the good things:Visually, it's one of the most stunning things I've ever seen - you have to see this in 3D, it's the ultimate 3D movie as they're in space and everything is floating all the time and it's simply stunning.The director did an exceptional job - you really feel as if you are in space. The clever switches from third to first person is excellent and I have to commend this - especially with the 3D, I really can't stress how much of a stunning spectacle it is.NOW, HERE'S THE PROBLEM: The stunning visuals mask a poor and unrealistic storyline. The characters are predictable, and some of their actions are baffling, and the ending is just utterly predictable. I don't want to spoil the film, but I just couldn't relate to the storyline.3D VISUALS: 9.8/10 Storyline: 3.6/10to conclude; it's a wonderful spectacle and the 3D is so stunning it allows you to zone out of the boring storyline - but this is a film I will never watch in 2D. If you want one of the most spectacular visuals ever, this is it. If you want a good film that forces you to think, then don't waste your money.

Where to start from? Let's see I think I found it: Alfonso Cuaron is a great director and an even greater writer. The movie he put together is amazing and catching and delicious. Is about being in the space, loose your own weight and your more rooted habits. Shows how beautiful is the human body (Sandra Bullock rotating out of her space suit), how beautiful is the earth and how beautiful human beings can be (George Clooney never losing his good mood). The last scene explaining what gravity means for us all is worth an Academy Award for the best finale if ever there will be one.I am aware of all the criticism raised by others (there are already more than 1.100 reviews while I'm writing my note) about Physics laws not always completely respected but being a nerd myself I can assure you that this will not bother you, not even for a moment, unless you as a kid were bothered when Jules Verne made you travel to the Center of the Earth and return on a brazier coming out from the Vesuvius.Your eyes will be delighted and You will feel very privileged to be orbiting the earth, live the International Space Station as it were your own place, taste the oxygen blended with excessive CO2 and feel the desperate need for mother planet we all have.

Never have I seen a movie so gripping and yet so simple. Gravity at its core is a movie with a simple plot...Survive. Yes its a story in outer space but its not a story about outer space. Its a story about how the human spirit can survive and how you may have to overcome great obstacles to achieve this goal. I was skeptical about seeing it in 3D till a friend of mine saw it in 2D and then re-saw it in 3D cause he knew he had screwed up. So i myself saw it in 3D and it was amazing. From the shots of the earth and even the stars themselves.******Slight Spoiler**** About the 3D... The most amazing aspect of the 3D pertains to a tear that almost truly seems to float off screen. I caught myself in awe of it almost thinking it was going to burst and fall on me. Other than that I will leave it to you to watch this movie. Yes it doesn't have a super complex in-depth story like for example Inseption but with a story about survival do you really need aliens showing up and trying to zap you?? Only you can truthfully be the judge whether or not you will love this movie. But do yourself the service of seeing it in 3D. It. Is. Amazing!

The movie will take you on a ride of your life. There are many twists, breath taking moments, amazing effects and visuals and best of all, more or less realistic physics. Gravity has finally brought back the interest in space movies since 2000, when a lot of space movies were thrown into the theatres, but most of them were quickly and badly made. Gravity is a must-see in 3D or IMAX, it is pretty much as amazing as Avatar. But do remember, it is a thriller and it might send a chill down your spine for most of the film. One of the key things is that it can fill you with some knowledge of what is "up there" and really shows how space debris can cause damage. So just go and watch the movie, you won't regret it. G. Colony and Sandra Bullock acted very well and showed the emotions of their characters very well.

The visuals of this film ARE stunning but that really is it's only saving grace, it's just...bad - there is not really any other way to sugar-coat it - from technical point of view it is a great film, and the technology used is wonderful but this could have been shown with a demo film rather than a massively hyped up 'blockbuster'.i think the visuals have been blinding quite a few people to get this upto an 8.5/10 to just how poor the script is, there really isn't a story here it's simply a dazzle you with CGI affair. currently this film is ranked above another space based film which is an actual masterpiece - 2001: A Space Odyssey But worst of all is just how predictable this film is, I really wish I could go lower than 1* but I can't.

There is so make space junk orbiting the planet right now that all space missions have to carefully plot a course to navigate through it to carry out their missions. Although it is serious issue, this film manages to trivialise it to the extent of being a farce.The technical inaccuracies were compounded by the implausible events and the complete absence of a story line.After having suffered through this film I was not surprised to learn that Alfonso Cuarón and James Cameron were best friends as this has Cameron's "one line plot" written all over it.The only redeeming feature of this film was its ability to be so trite that it was beneficially soporific. (And the entertainment it provided trying to guess what part of Earth they were orbiting).

I walked into the theatre not expecting much and I came out completely upset. And for the first time in my life I wanted to walk out of there while the movie was playing just out of pure, raging annoyance. Aside from the breath taking CG (which makes me glad I watched in AVX 3D) and Sandra Bullock doing a good job with her acting (which I am not surprised by), there is nothing to this movie. Gosh, where to I start. The script might as well have been written by a high school student with a beer in his hand. utterly juvenile and unsophisticated to the point that not only it distracts you from actually getting into the movie and believing the characters, you almost hate the director for for having wasted such good CG with this script. so much potential wasted. Throughout the movie, it literally spoon feeds you the message they are trying to convey: "no matter what, it'll be a good ride, so don't stop fighting". The characters just spell them out in their dialogue like you are 7 years old needing help getting the key message. We can think and interpret on our own, thank you. Plus, I think we all knew, going into the movie theatre, that there will be a crash, and they will survive. doesn't take a genius to figure out that's what it would be all about. They could've made the script so much more sophisticated.Then the countless amount of completely unrealistic features. like Kowalski (Clooney) wasting his engine on joking around (I actually once watched a broadcast of people working on ISS to fix something outside. that kind of obscenity won't happen). like Ryan (Sandra bullock) being in space only after 6 months of training. Her panicking and panting nonstop like a complete idiot that leaves her with low O2 (I kept wanting to yell, didn't you learn NOT TO breathe like that?!?!?!?) the part where she is running out of O2 and trying to get to the airlock which was supposed to be done with so much urgency but she mumbles on and on (it is unbelievable how long she can stay alive and functioning with almost no O2) then at the last minute, she somehow gets the strength to travel from one end to the other of the space station. I kept on asking, why would NASA waste their money on sending someone this incompetent? also, wouldn't have they known she has lost half the reason to live with her child's death and is still depressed? plus, why on earth would anyone like that go through the immense trouble of going to space?? SO much question just attempting to believe the character. Then she enters the Chinese space station somehow and manages to mini-Mani-mo her way into operating the rescue pot. and what was that about, Chinese radio frequency getting caught (if that's possible anyway)? Chinese gov is not stupid to send astronauts who don't speak English. and the part where she pretends to be a wolf? so cringe worthy I turned my head away from the screen. and the part where Kowalski enters the pot in Ryan's hallucination? you just immediately know that's fake/dream given she isn't dying with her eyes popping out.whoever did the CG will get the Oscar. whoever wrote the script (I don't care if it is a big name or not) should be ashamed he/she completely butchered a potentially amazing movie.

Good parts: (i) the special effects and the 3D experience of space (ii) the symbolism of life emerging from space destruction, then water and finally earth(last scene basically) and (iii) Having free tickets for this one.Bad parts: Everything else. The rating of this movie is definitely inflated (seriously 8.7??) They say "Gravity" is a drama but probably they don't understand what drama is. There is no drama without character development, emotional investment, without dilemmas or confrontations. The plot is laughable, the dialog is childish and the main storyline totally predictable. My 3 stars go solely to visual effects.Bottom-line: If you want to see some cool visual space 3d effects or you don't invest much in viewing, you should go. If you invest intellect and emotion in your movie, don't; you will be utterly disappointed.

"You've gotta be kidding me!"You can say that again Sandra Bullock.Pop quiz hot shot, Sandra Bullock is driving another bus and you can pretty much guess the results. Welcome to Space camp.Despite what you may think, Gravity is a surprisingly conventional popcorn thriller. I'll read you the summary. Which cliché's will we use? Eeenie, meenie mineee, mo... Gravity is the story of an astronaut who doesn't follow orders. The story of how crashing the simulator 100% of the time will still get you onto a space shuttle. The sexist story of how a woman is rescued by a man. The story of an astronaut who "hates space." The study of how everything apparently occupies the exact same orbit above the Earth, which is utterly ludicrous. The story of another Hollywood movie where people run away from fire balls down a hallway. The study of how in space, there is no sound except for that of the orchestrated musical score. The story of monster's closet dead body scares. The story of how you don't need to orient the spacecraft on reentry to avoid vaporizing: they apparently just fly themselves even when the circuit boards are on fire. Space junk alright.Yeah I'm going to be one of those people. I don't understand why they couldn't have made a movie about a smarter woman who has the drive and cunning to survive. I guess dumb and luck is more interesting, than smart and driven. Gravity gets a 5/10 simply for the mighty filmmaking craft in the first half hour. After that, they ran out of money and we end up not with great space effects. No, it's back to three guys off screen rocking the camera around and endless rebirth symbolism that is anything but subtle.There's a great tale in this material, but you would find it in the true story of the legendary cosmonaut Vladamir Komarov. His story won't offer the convenient ending you get in Gravity, but you do get a story of somebody fighting to survive in the most inhospitable place we know. But not here. Just like in real life, Gravity sucks.

*Spoilers* Every IMAXX documentation on space is more thrilling than this flick. I was soo happy when it was over and I didn't have to listen to Sandra Bullock's wheezing no more, and Clooney was as boring as usual. I can give onlyone point for the Earth imagesone point for the ISS crashhalf a point for space floating - half a point for the dream (the only realistic action of this movie) And that's it.And then I go on and wonder: a. Why the astronaut did not learn techniques to calm herself? b. Why the commander did not try to rescue himself as long as the chance was given and pull himself in when they were tangled in the ribbon of the chute? c. Why didn't the other one, realizing that the ribbons start to loosen, use her other leg to wrap them around? ...

How can you go into a movie with 0 expectations, and still come out DISAPPOINTED? Its called Gravity.It got RAVING reviews from almost every single movie site. The trailer was quite disappointed, even thou it was an amazing one shot trailer. However, it did not draw any desire from me to watch it. How can a woman falling in space be any good entertainment. Then one day i was forced to see the movie, cause RUSH was sold out.Its a movie about a medical engineer and an astronaut work together to survive after an accident leaves them adrift in space.I am just gonna point out couple things that didn't make sense.***************POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT******************* 1) Seriously, what the heck is a medical engineer. So she can fix stuff in space, but cant operate a space ship? 2) The physics in many part don't make sense at all.3) Her mental state should not be in space, but she still got there.4) She was able to get on communication with a Russian, even thou it might be a private band( I am assuming with the name). I would assume a catastrophic space massive crash, the whole world's military/commercial communication network will be searching for survivors ***************END SPOILER*******************************Sandra Bullocks performance was not bad. The graphics weren't too bad either. However the plot just had too many flaws, the story 0 character development, and the movie didn't make me feel like I was in space. Heck, Riddick made me feel I was in space more than Gravity.Overall not a really good movie.

Why is everyone saying this a great movie....?I have watched History channel documentaries that are way better and most of all FREE!!!I am guessing Clooney and Bullocks are hit by recession so they decided to hype up a very low budget movie.......Surprisingly it worked because there must be millions of movie fans who fell for it just like I did.Clooney just floats around to break space walk time record while bullock is fighting really hard to catch her breath.How awesome is that?I mean she was a 90s babe but now. let me think.I guess still is a bit may be but come on.if you are given training to go in space you would know how to breathe in space.Clooney is just starting to make me angry now because lately he has been just using his career goodwill to make cheap movies to rob people and people just fall for it hoping that this time it may live up to its expectations.3D part was starting to be fun....then...All of a sudden movie ended.With SORT OF OKAY ENDING.I WOULD PASS IF I KNEW WHAT I KNOW NOW.SORRY CLOONEY/BULLOCK BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS.

Quite arguably and simply put, the most boring film I have ever seen. It truly is one of those films critics and people who want to ACT smart love. Rubbish film from start to finish, you just wait to see the climax of the film. My friend feels exactly the same way about this film, a rubbish film he couldn't even remember until he saw the trailer. Wow a film which is shot in space, not on planets, just a space station. A few problems with the space shuttle, a few people die. What a boring waste of my time; and I created an IMDb account just to leave a review on this film. Word cannot describe how boring I found this film. And I have seen many, many movies before one judges and thinks I do not know my movies.

I believe we've reached a point where special effects are so amazing in their look and feel that we are losing sight of the power of characters and stories. Gravity is the perfect example of this. The visuals are actually emotional and powerful and the necessary setting for such a story. But they should not be what truly move us. Gravity lacks so much of what many of the great science fiction writers provided us with, the chance to see events that have not happened, but could, and the effects on human beings beyond the obvious fear and panic (Ray Bradbury's incredible Kaleidoscope of course is the standard by which any lost in space story is measured). No doubt the intent was to show only Stone's experiences from her point of view but it would have been interesting to see Kowalski's journey and thoughts.Another problem with Gravity in my opinion is the obvious references to Alien, 2001 and other science fiction films. And it seems totally ridiculous to take off your space suit when the danger of a lack of oxygen or pressure is everywhere. But we all know why that happened.I'm positive that the brave astronauts in our space program have always been the best of us without being perfect. Their skills, courage and inspirational lives are what I wanted Gravity to capture. Instead it seems to either trivialize their quality or distort it depending on the particular scene. The courage to fear ratio is definitely off in Gravity and the character's reflections and conversations are irritatingly shallow.So many lost chances to explore events which our astronauts have always had to deal with potentially. I was very disappointed in this film for that reason above all else.

I honestly don't think it is possible to spoil this movie by writing about it, but I ticked the Spoiler Alert box just in case.Gravity is the most overrated movie ever. Granted, the SFX are stunning, but acting is poor, dialogs are cheesy and the storyline is extremely shallow. Let me rephrase that, it has no story. The few feeble attempts at bringing depth to it are quickly shattered by the cheesiness of it.Gravity is an uninspired sequence of sketches, all of which go wrong in the end. It's just one expensive and pointless disaster movie. That also makes the whole thing ridiculously predictable, as you soon will realize that everything is meant to end in a disaster, except for the silliest semi-happy-ending imaginable borrowed from amateur movies.To me, the popularity of this movie is yet another example of how easily media hype can skew peoples perception of pretty much everything. The only thing that makes watching this movie bearable are special effects. I'm glad I didn't have to pay to see it. What a waste of time and resources.

Judging by the high votes,my opinion seems to be a pretty unusual one, but come on......A Hundred Million dollars for THIS? How can a Director with so much cash at his disposal allow scenes to be left In the finished Movie where Bubbles can clearly be seen In the Underwater shots?(See 'Goofs' for 'best' example). We would be forgiven for thinking that In this day-and-age, Writers,Directors,Producers,(i.e. The whole Movie-making world)would,with such Information technology freely available on such a massive scale,no longer make obvious mistakes regarding the laws of Physics In Space. Sadly, many such silly mistakes are evident throughout this Movie and there really Is no excuse for It. But the main problem Is...It's boring! Okay,so space Is pretty empty (on a Human scale,of course) and so we can't expect much In terms of 'Interesting' photography at the best of times,but let's face It,In this case the vast majority of the dialogue Is far from thrilling either. Science Fiction has always been a favourite of mine,but this certainly won't be one I'll ever watch again. I barely managed to stay awake.

I need help. This is like, third piece of movie/series, that has gigantic IMDb ratings, that had made me end watching them before its over. Inception, Game of thrones and now this? What is this? How can anyone call this CGI gymnastic a movie? This is a showoff of CGI capabilities that would impress anyone, but is it enough to call it a movie? Sandra Bullock winning some awards for acting? Story awards? Who gives those awards and on what criteria, and where has that man finished his education? Who can save me from wasting money judging movies trough IMDb ratings and trailers? Maybe the best trailers would be at least first 15 minutes of movie. That way, I would have never wasted money on this piece of crap.

OK,so this movie receives 10 Oscar nominations, everyone rants about how good it is and that it leaves you awestruck after watching it. As a sci- fi enthusiast you go and see it...and...surprise...it's the Avatar effect. Through the roof CGI, which cost enough money to feed half of Africa, but that's about it. Cheap character development, absolutely no story, no back story, multiple situations which I am sure Nasa would say are all 1:100000000 to survive and Hollywood sequences in which the "hero" always gets saved in the last hundredth of a second. It gets really boring really fast. Let's get the obvious out of the way: the CGI is amazing (although not better than Avatar). Everything is perfect and visually you really enjoy it. And for those of you who think that CGI makes a movie: yes, Avatar and Gravity are the best movies of all time...(for those of you who agree, you can stop reading this and just go watch the movie).The moment this movie begins it's just, I can't explain it any other word, SILLY. Three astronauts are making repairs on a satellite, while one of them floats around, jokes and sings with "Houston", while happily using his "gas" inside the suit to propel himself onwards (of course later he runs out of gas in a crucial situation - I guess NASA astronauts aren't really that smart...). The other astronaut is making repairs while being sick (?!) - usually you don't go out of the house when sick, but hey apparently "Houston" approves of going into OUTER SPACE (again - ?!). So things start to go wrong: and after that the whole movie becomes a series of Hollywood "they're not gonna make it but then they miraculously make it in the last second" situations. After the 3rd situation you start to get seriously bored. You wait for it to get good, but honestly it doesn't.There is no character development and you don't feel for the characters. You don't care if they die, because everything is so unreal and silly, that you just don't believe it. I will say the worst thing you can say about a movie: you know the whole time that it is a movie. When you watch Alien (1979), you know the alien is not real and that the chances of it existing are next to none, but you do feel scared, you feel anxiety...and that is what good film making is about. You don't experience such a feeling in Gravity (maybe a couple of minutes). Someone on the board said it right: this isn't actually a movie. No plot, no character development, everything just happens. It's more of a documentary. OK, I know that the whole movie is a metaphor and is representing the hero's struggle of coming to terms with a certain accident in her life, but there a couple of other such movies, which are sooo much better. This one just isn't believable.When I heard that it received 10 Oscar nominations, I seriously lost all the little respect I had left for the Oscars. I guess a realistic depiction of water drops in zero gravity is enough to be nominated for 10 Oscars in our time. Again, don't believe the hype.

I was looking forward to seeing this film. There is a lot of press going on about this at present and its had good reviews, however It was a huge letdown, though the visuals were stunning.I will say up front that I like both Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as actors.The opening sequence is very good with the shuttle whizzing through space with the earth behind.A few minutes after this you see the astronaut played by George taking the jet pack for a spin around the shuttle without out a care in the world and the other the other tethered astronaut bouncing up and down on his leash like it was a bungee cord.At this point I had a few alarm bells ringing in my head.So it goes on like this.The astronaut Sandra, inserting a circuit board which is not encased. Loosing a bolt. Not having tools tethered. The astronaut George chit chat chat-up rather than focusing on job.When the debris hits the shuttle all of a sudden the debris has more mass than the shuttle and knocks it around like a toy.The unprofessionalism showed by supposedly trained astronauts spoilt the film, let alone the lack of real following of physics.It would also seem Nasa no longer have any ground radio transmitters or Russians or Chinese for that matter.It just goes on and on with error after error.No astronaut would remove their helmet before leaving capsule.The final sequence I almost wished there was a shark in the water to eat astronaut Sandra or she would be shot as a spy. I know films are entertainment and sometimes they take liberties with the facts but this film it was continuous one after the other. I was expecting some but it could have been so much better if they had some proper advise before they committed to film.I love space films but they completely spoilt it for me with the story line and lack of understanding of physics and how well trained astronauts are.Thankfully the film was only 90 minutes long.

I find unbelievable that so many people give this movie a 10, I'm in absolute awe - all the insane bla bla about the cinematography, the story line etc, hard to believe we saw the same movie.This movie is sooooo unrealistic it hurts, effect were equally bad and those cheesy all-American lines pfff. Sandra Bullock is a good actress though she makes some terrible choices especially the comedy's. Really was hoping for some of her former glory with all the nominations ..After reading some of the reviews i got excited thought i was going to be a great space movie. I really don't get what other people see in this???Don't waste your time if you have any intelligence...

This movie was incredibly boring and pointless.. a lot made no sense and I can't remember the last time I was so happy for a movie to end. My friends and I all agree and at many points of the movie thought about walking out rather than waste my time that could be better spent staring at a wall waiting for wet paint to dry but I kept on telling myself that it has to get good at some point, the ratings are so high! It never happened and all I want to say is.... don't watch this film... the only reason I am giving it more than one is because of the impressive CGI. A really boring movie, The critics must have been paid off.

Let me start off by saying my opinion of this movie may be a little skewed. The reason being is that before going to the movies to see the movie, I did research on this movie extensively. Nothing but glowing reviews in and out, I mean come on 96 meta score rating, and not to mention 98% on rotten tomatoes. That is damn near a perfect movie in most peoples eyes. In saying all that when I arrived at the movies I expected to walk out and feel the same way, seeing one the best movies of not only this year but of all-time. Boy was I disappointed.We can start with the good of the movie. The special effects on this movie were great, although we should expect that giving it took 4 years to make the film. Next the acting. Sandra Bullock gave a great performance giving the circumstances. I give her a 8 outta 10 just because as an audience they provided very little to none backdrop of her story except she was a Dr and she had 6 months of training yet she was the one chosen to do the job. (Kind of a big job to give somebody with very little experience). Clooney although not being in the film for all of 15-20 minutes had a good performance. Give him 7 out of 10. Would be higher if in the movie for a better portion. OK I'm done with the "pros" of the movie.Now to the negatives. Weak plot and predictable. I don't want to walk in a movie already knowing how it will go and what is to come. Let me explain. You watch the preview and see that while being in space the ship they came on clashes with debris from a Russian craft. (That they blew up on person). With that being said, after seeing that you automatically can determine that the movie would just consist of bullock trying to fix the crafts and getting home with a few tough twists and turns because it would not be easy. Lastly the "believable" factor. Without going into gory detail because it's not worth it, bullock avoids the debris coming straight at her 3 different times with all the debris just flying right by her. Not buying it. We also have Clooney who at the beginning of the movie is just strolling along with his jet pack on his back having a good ole time wasting his thrusters for when they really needed them. Honestly your out in space wouldn't you save that just in case something were to happen??? Guess not. Not to mention she boarded 3 different shuttles pretty easily and used a fire extinguisher perfectly to navigate through space. Now I know that I am being harsh and I blame it on myself because I went into the movie with to high of expectations and was flat out disappointed. It's comical to me how people rank this movie damn near perfect. That debris that was flying everywhere throughout the movie must of really came out the screen in 3-d and hit some people and brainwashed them. Point blank. Period.

Pretty good film, but one of the most crucial parts of the movie left me shaking my head in disgust. Per the FAQ on this page: 4) When George Clooney's character, Matt Kowalski, is tethered to Sandra Bullock's character, Ryan Stone, he did not need to release himself. Once the initial momentum had been absorbed, no additional tension would have remained on the tether. She would have been able to retrieve him with only the slightest pull (he's weightless). Also, if he was released, he'd remain nearby, because there was no other force acting on him.They made all that effort to make things look realistic and then they try to slide this bonehead scene by.

As a HUGE fan of director Alfonzo Cuaron (HARRY POTTER AND THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN, which I consider the best film of the series; CHILDREN OF MEN, one of the best films of the last decade), I'd been looking forward to his outer space drama GRAVITY since it was announced. Of course, word of mouth from its film festival premieres was so incredibly good that it seemed like it couldn't possibly live up to this hype, right?Short answer: YES IT DOES.Synopsizing the film doesn't do it justice, but it follows astronauts Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock), a first-timer in space, and Matt Kowalski, a smooth-talking chatterbox veteran who are forced to do whatever they can to survive together after a freak shower of debris destroys their shuttle in the most hostile environment that humankind has ever visited: outer space.That's really it. The film unfolds in real time, and thanks to Cuaron's vision and the talents of Bullock and Clooney and all of the technical staff, GRAVITY is not only the best film of 2013 so far (and will likely remain so), it's also the most visually immersive and absorbing film I may have ever seen in my 36 years of remembering seeing films. At a brisk but unrelentingly intense 90 minutes, GRAVITY grabs you and it NEVER lets go. The script by Cuaron and his son Jonas isn't just filled with dialogue and action that gets you from one moment to another. It has surprises, and a significant amount of heart as it becomes slowly less about just survival and more about living life.What really does it though, and this might be where the film might suffer on home video, is the ASTONISHING use of 3D. As opposed to 99.9999% of films that are shown in 3D nowadays, which is just a shoddy post-conversion so that the studio might squeeze a few more bucks out of the moviegoer, Cuaron actually USES the 3D as part of his visual storytelling. There are moments where you literally put your hands in front of your face in order to block the oncoming debris or whatever danger you might otherwise see coming at you. This speaks more to the immersive feeling of the film than just about anything else other than the storyline, performances, cinematography, effects and musical score by Steven Price because all of these things are incredibly well- done. Bullock EASILY gives the performance of her career here, and Clooney does a brilliant job at keeping things grounded.GRAVITY is not a very subtle film, and it's not designed to be. There aren't layers upon layers of commentary like CHILDREN OF MEN, and there aren't subversive elements like in PRISONER OF AZKABAN. This is cinematic storytelling without the veneer of having to be high-minded. It's pure cinema that will terrify you, exhilarate you, and absorb you like no other film in recent memory. It's a great artist that knows when to cast aside pretense that isn't necessary and just tell a breathtaking story. Cuaron is one of those rare artists, and GRAVITY is one of those very rare films.
